WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox AM Big Banks Have 15% Upside From Here Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan and Goldman are set for strong total returns based on an average of scenarios. April 6, 2017 11:17 a.m. ET Credit Suisse The Credit Suisse Large Cap Bank group will begin reporting first-quarter earnings on the morning of April 13--a busy day with JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Wells Fargo and PNC Financial Services Group all weighing in. Consistent with where we were in our midquarter updates, fundamentals look just fine with slower loan growth and weaker equities trading already baked into expectations and upside tied to... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. AMD Drops on Goldman ‘Sell’ Call, But We Say Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Two IPhone 8 Suppliers Set to Gain Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Are We Flirting With Irrational Exuberance? Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. In Search of the Next Facebook or Alphabet Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Stocks Have Much Further to Rise 2 Live Nation Plays to Millennial Values 3 Barron's Next 50 Index Rises Slowly Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev U.S. missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' Gorsuch heads for confirmation as Senate tears up own rules Test scores not king for school choice in Mpls. Last tenants are forced out at Park Laurel in Minneapolis Minn. patients have insurance but still can't find a dentist New Prague teen's grief drives home warning about texting and driving Wild matches team records with 4-3 victory over Avs Gophers offensive coordinator Ciarrocca has Fleck's full trust Peek inside ornate 'retiring room' at center of Minn. House controversy Souhan: Grinders, not greats, get (windy) day in the sun at Masters Brandi Carlile, Walk the Moon to headline Basilica Block Party next Business 418572123 Kashkari takes on Dimon, tells him he is wrong on failure and risk to taxpayers He says JPMorgan CEO is wrong to believe the "too- big-to-fail" issue is solved.  By Evan Ramstad Star Tribune April 6, 2017 — 8:53pm Minneapolis Fed president Neel Kashkari (Associated Press file photo/Chris Carlson) Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint It seemed almost certain that Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari would have some kind of response after the head of the nation's largest bank said firms like his no longer pose a risk to American taxpayers. On Thursday, Kashkari did. In an essay published on the Minneapolis Fed's website with a picture of crossed fingers, Kashkari said he strongly disagreed with the rosy picture Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co., painted Tuesday in his annual letter to shareholders. Their back-and-forth encapsulated the fundamental debate taking shape in Congress and the Trump administration over how to remake Obama-era banking regulations. Bank stocks are about 20 percent higher today than just before Election Day as investors speculated the new president would significantly reduce rules and costs on the industry. Dimon's missive often generates news for its breadth — 46 pages this year — and his views on the political and economic situations around the world. This year, many news accounts of the letter zeroed in on Dimon's argument that megabanks like JPMorgan Chase have boosted capital, liquidity and risk controls and, in the event of a crisis, could be wound down without getting a bailout from taxpayers. That risk is often called "too big to fail," referring to the notion that megabanks are so important to the U.S. and global economies, that governments and taxpayers can't let them die. "Essentially, Too Big to Fail has been solved — taxpayers will not pay if a bank fails," Dimon wrote. He added now is a good time for the U.S. to rework regulations put on banks, principally from the Dodd-Frank law, in the wake of the 2008 bank-led economic collapse. Kashkari, who as a Treasury Department official in 2008 oversaw the U.S. government's bailout of giant banks, has argued for years that the "too- big-to-fail" risk still exists. Last year, his first year at the Minneapolis Fed, he led a yearlong review involving economists and bankers from around the country that ended with a legislative proposal calling for giant banks to raise more equity and take other steps to diminish the risk to taxpayers in a crisis. In his essay, Kashkari said Dimon's argument relies on an unrealistic assumption — one that didn't work in 2008 — that holders of bonds issued by giant banking companies will bear their risk in a crisis. "It sounds like an ideal solution," Kashkari wrote. "The problem is that it almost never actually works in real life." Again and again, governments dealing with banking crises have not imposed losses on bank bondholders because of the likelihood that bondholders at other, similar banks will fear similar losses and cash them in. "Only true equity should be considered loss-absorbing in a crisis," Kashkari said. The Minneapolis Fed chief wrote that he agreed with Dimon that regulatory complexity in the banking industry needed to be reduced. After large banks have been required to raise more equity, Kashkari said, "I believe we can streamline other regulations, especially on small banks that have been severely burdened with regulation but do not pose a systemic risk to society." evan.ramstad@startribune.com 612-673-4241 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Gorsuch heads for confirmation as Senate tears up own rules New filings allege bizarre behavior by Starkey owner Bill Austin U.S. missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' 3M CEO sells 5,800-square-foot Lake Harriet house for $2.4 million Three up, three down: Twins complete sweep over Royals PUC rejects CenterPoint's appeal of rate hike decision Was justice served to JPMorgan? We need more than conversations about race While profit rises, U.S. Bancorp focuses on costs, waits for Fed hike Profit falls for second straight quarter at Wells Fargo More From Business National 1 minute ago 5 things to watch for in Friday's US jobs report for March Can the U.S. economy deliver a third straight month of robust job growth? National 1 minute ago Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signs voucher bill Republican Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey has signed a major school voucher expansion bill that will extend eligibility to all 1.1 million state schoolchildren despite vehement opposition from Democrats who believe it will undercut public education and cost taxpayers untold millions of dollars. Business April 6 Asian markets on edge as US strikes Syria amid Xi summit Asian stock indexes were mixed Friday after the U.S. fired missiles at Syria during President Donald Trump's first meeting with China's president, leaving investors on edge over the global outlook. Variety April 6 Full New York rail service expected, 4 days after derailment Four days after a train derailed at New York's Penn Station and created major headaches for commuters, service is expected to return to normal. Business April 6 3M sues K2 Concepts and Phoenix Automotive for patent violation Action alleges China-based manufacturer violated patents on paint-spraying products. Related Coverage Comcast seeks to elbow into cellphone market with Xfinity Mobile Apr. 6 Most Read New filings allege bizarre behavior by Starkey owner Bill Austin • Business 3M CEO sells 5,800-square-foot Lake Harriet house for $2.4 million • Business Delta buys pizza, subs and biscuits for thousands of stranded passengers • Business 12-ounce cans? Crafty Surly goes retro with packaging • Business Target Redcard holders will get to preshop Victoria Beckham line • Business World Philippines challenges China, deploys troops in disputed South China Sea Iran's 1st international marathon begins, with no Americans Nation Former AG Lynch returns to Harvard for black policy forum Demand booming on college campuses for creative writing Politics Russia effort to aid Trump suspected in August 2016 Republican Arizona lawmakers pass school voucher expansion markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild matches team records with 4-3 victory over Avs Wild players in line for league honors Wolves Wolves lose another lead, game to Portland in playoffs-feel atmosphere RandBall: NBA players are resting, and former players can't handle it Twins Three up, three down: Twins complete sweep over Royals Twins notes: Gibson's first start of season is mostly positive Celebrities Bill O'Reilly's show is a cash cow for Fox News: $446M in ad revenue in 2 years Bon Jovi ends Pittsburgh concert early, blames sore throat Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minnesotans get applications in fast to volunteer for 2018 Super Bowl poll Poll: Which Twins player are you most interested in this season? 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Twins 7, Kansas City 1 32 photos The Minnesota Twins defeated the Kansas City Royals 7-1 in their MLB home opener ... Featured Video Minnesota Somali-American taking modeling world by storm 02:13 Nineteen-year-old Halima Aden's dramatic ascent has taken her from cleaning ... Taste This brunch menu is perfect for spring, and features the words 'caramel' and 'bacon' Hits and misses: Our critic taste-tests the new foods at Target Field StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 67 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM APR 7, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 7, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 67 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Cohn backs separation of Wall Street business lines By ELIZABETH DEXHEIMER Bloomberg News First Published Apr 06 2017 04:24PM    •    Last Updated Apr 06 2017 04:24 pm Share This Article In a private meeting with lawmakers, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he supports a policy that could radically reshape Wall Street's biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks, said people with direct knowledge of the matter. Cohn, the ex-Goldman Sachs executive who is now advising President Donald Trump, said he generally favors banking going back to how it was when firms like Goldman focused on trading and underwriting securities, and companies such as Citigroup primarily issued loans, according to the people, who heard his comments. The remarks surprised some senators and congressional aides who attended the Wednesday meeting, as they didn't expect a former top Wall Street executive to speak favorably of proposals that would force banks to dramatically rethink how they do business. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Yet Cohn's comments echo what Trump and Republican lawmakers have previously said about wanting to bring back some version of the Glass-Steagall Act, the Depression-era law that kept bricks-and-mortar lending separate from investment banking for more than six decades. Cohn was reiterating the Trump administration's view that the banking system should be simplified with a focus on helping business grow and create jobs, a White House official said. In the years after Glass-Steagall's 1999 repeal, banks such as Citigroup, Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. gobbled up rivals and pushed into all sorts of new businesses, becoming one-stop-shopping financial behemoths. Many banking executives believed that the inclusion of former finance executives like Cohn in Trump's White House would temper major changes such as a Glass-Steagall return. But his Wednesday remarks suggest he could be a wild card should Congress get serious about reinstating the law. A split of investment and commercial banking would have a disparate impact on Wall Street, as firms with substantial consumer lending operations would probably be hit the hardest by any changes, Brian Gardner, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, said in a research note. Goldman has a limited footprint in consumer lending, while it's a big part of JPMorgan's business. Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen, said separating banks' business lines now makes little sense, because regulation has increased substantially since the 2008 financial crisis on everything from mortgage lending to derivatives. "We need a healthy banking system," Doll said Thursday in an interview with Bloomberg Television. "That's yes, of course, good for Wall Street, but it's also really good for Main Street." White House officials haven't said what an updated version of Glass-Steagall might look like. Getting Congress to pass any significant financial regulation legislation would be difficult, as lawmakers are currently bogged down by other issues including health care and taxes. "We fully expect Glass-Steagall headlines to persist, but we see neither the political will nor the legislative capacity necessary for passage of legislation reshaping the nation's banking framework," said Isaac Boltansky, a financial regulation analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading. Cohn's remarks were prompted by a question about his views on Glass-Steagall from Sen. Elizabeth Warren, one of the finance industry's most relentless critics, said the people who asked not to be named because Cohn's meeting with Senate Banking Committee members was private. After Cohn answered, Sen. Robert Corker, a Tennessee Republican, pressed him to clarify his views. Spokesmen for Warren and Corker didn't respond to requests for comment. Dismantling the nation's banking giants isn't a partisan issue, which is one reason why Wall Street fears the idea could gain traction. Both political parties -- and many voters -- still resent that taxpayers had to rescue the industry with a $700 billion bailout during the crisis. Republicans included a return of Glass-Steagall in the party platform they approved in July during their national convention. Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, has proposed legislation with Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona called the "21st Century Glass-Steagall Act." Advocates for bringing the law back say smaller banks could be allowed to fail without threatening the economy or needing bailouts. They also argue that a less powerful finance industry wouldn't have as much influence over Washington policy. Wall Street executives counter that it would be impossible for broken-up lenders to compete with overseas mega-banks and that the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act has made the industry much safer. "There is broad agreement, including among all our bank regulatory agencies, that Glass-Steagall would not have prevented the crisis or the housing market collapse," Rob Nichols, president of the American Bankers Association, said in an emailed statement. "America's economy depends on banks of all sizes to meet the needs of a large and diverse group of clients, customers and communities." Wednesday's Capitol Hill meeting with Cohn was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo of Idaho, and included lawmakers from both political parties and their staffs. The discussion covered a wide range of topics, including financial regulations and overhauling the tax code, the people said. A Crapo spokeswoman declined to comment.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES BYU and UVU scientists question research offered at a conference on the Book of Mormon Top Mormon leaders call caring for the homeless a defining moment Mormon women, others gather at Salt Lake City airport to try 'last-minute save' for woman's deportat Utah Jazz notes: GM Lindsey makes case officiating is disproportionately hurting Jazz Comments: U.S. missile strike after chemical attack is first direct assault on Syrian government ELEVATE You may be procrastinating on your taxes if...   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י' ניסן תשע"ז   |   Thursday, April 6, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Cohn Said to Back Separation of Wall Street Business Lines Cohn Said to Back Separation of Wall Street Business Lines Thursday, April 6, 2017 at 6:39 pm | י' ניסן תשע"ז National Economic Council chairman Gary Cohn. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik) (Bloomberg) - In a private meeting with lawmakers, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he supports a policy that could radically reshape Wall Street’s biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks, said people with direct knowledge of the matter. Cohn, the ex-Goldman Sachs executive who is now advising President Donald Trump, said he generally favors banking going back to how it was when firms like Goldman focused on trading and underwriting securities, and companies such as Citigroup primarily issued loans, according to the people, who heard his comments. The remarks surprised some senators and congressional aides who attended the Wednesday meeting, as they didn’t expect a former top Wall Street executive to speak favorably of proposals that would force banks to dramatically rethink how they do business. Yet Cohn’s comments echo what Trump and Republican lawmakers have previously said about wanting to bring back some version of the Glass-Steagall Act, the Depression-era law that kept bricks-and-mortar lending separate from investment banking for more than six decades. Cohn was reiterating the Trump administration’s view that the banking system should be simplified with a focus on helping business grow and create jobs, a White House official said. In the years after Glass-Steagall’s 1999 repeal, banks such as Citigroup, Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. gobbled up rivals and pushed into all sorts of new businesses, becoming one-stop-shopping financial behemoths. Many banking executives believed that the inclusion of former finance executives like Cohn in Trump’s White House would temper major changes such as a Glass-Steagall return. But his Wednesday remarks suggest he could be a wild card should Congress get serious about reinstating the law. A split of investment and commercial banking would have a disparate impact on Wall Street, as firms with substantial consumer lending operations would probably be hit the hardest by any changes, Brian Gardner, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, said in a research note. Goldman has a limited footprint in consumer lending, while it’s a big part of JPMorgan’s business. Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen, said separating banks’ business lines now makes little sense, because regulation has increased substantially since the 2008 financial crisis on everything from mortgage lending to derivatives. “We need a healthy banking system,” Doll said Thursday in an interview with Bloomberg media. “That’s yes, of course, good for Wall Street, but it’s also really good for Main Street.” White House officials haven’t said what an updated version of Glass-Steagall might look like. Getting Congress to pass any significant financial regulation legislation would be difficult, as lawmakers are currently bogged down by other issues including health care and taxes. “We fully expect Glass-Steagall headlines to persist, but we see neither the political will nor the legislative capacity necessary for passage of legislation reshaping the nation’s banking framework,” said Isaac Boltansky, a financial regulation analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading. Cohn’s remarks were prompted by a question about his views on Glass-Steagall from Sen. Elizabeth Warren, one of the finance industry’s most relentless critics, said the people who asked not to be named because Cohn’s meeting with Senate Banking Committee members was private. After Cohn answered, Sen. Robert Corker, a Tennessee Republican, pressed him to clarify his views. Spokesmen for Warren and Corker didn’t respond to requests for comment. Dismantling the nation’s banking giants isn’t a partisan issue, which is one reason why Wall Street fears the idea could gain traction. Both political parties — and many voters — still resent that taxpayers had to rescue the industry with a $700 billion bailout during the crisis. Republicans included a return of Glass-Steagall in the party platform they approved in July during their national convention. Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, has proposed legislation with Republican Sen. John McCain of Arizona called the “21st Century Glass-Steagall Act.” Advocates for bringing the law back say smaller banks could be allowed to fail without threatening the economy or needing bailouts. They also argue that a less powerful finance industry wouldn’t have as much influence over Washington policy. Wall Street executives counter that it would be impossible for broken-up lenders to compete with overseas mega-banks and that the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act has made the industry much safer. “There is broad agreement, including among all our bank regulatory agencies, that Glass-Steagall would not have prevented the crisis or the housing market collapse,” Rob Nichols, president of the American Bankers Association, said in an emailed statement. “America’s economy depends on banks of all sizes to meet the needs of a large and diverse group of clients, customers and communities.” Wednesday’s Capitol Hill meeting with Cohn was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo of Idaho, and included lawmakers from both political parties and their staffs. The discussion covered a wide range of topics, including financial regulations and overhauling the tax code, the people said. A Crapo spokeswoman declined to comment. Filed under: Wall Street, White House Print Email Gmail Related Wall Street Powerhouse Poised to Loan Money to Main Street Goldman’s Cohn Accepts National Economic Council Job, CNBC Says Wall Street Lawyer Clayton Named as SEC Chairman Wall Street Employment Falls for Fourth Straight Year Wall Street’s View of Itself in Bernie Sanders’ Campaign: Maligned, Misunderstood More in Business El Al Snags Award for Innovative ‘Poncho’ Blanket Comcast Giving Cellphone Service Another Try Average U.S. 30-Year Mortgage Rate Falls to 4.10 Percent Sunoco Is Selling Most Convenience Stores to 7-Eleven Financial and Energy Stocks Lead Wall St Gains OP-ED Brexit Negotiations Likely to be Contentious Outcry Over Syria Redux The Seder – Seize the Opportunity Out of Excuses The Yeshivos — The Crown Jewels of Our Survival No Solution? The Riddle of the Fours Transmitting Truth The Road to Single-Payer Health Care Best Plan Why This Night Really Is Different Going After the Hackers Why I Don’t Regret Voting for Obamacare How a 40-Year-Old Lawyer Could Help Reset U.S.-Russia Relations Features This Day In History 10 Nisan/April 6 Nichum Aveilim 10 Nisan/April 6 Making the Most of Meringue Keep Watch for These Three New Labels on Packaged Foods Your Journey to Health Can Start on Pesach Editorial Cartoon – April 5, 2017 Sudoku – April 5, 2017 Contronyms Letter Heads Nichum Aveilim 9 Nisan/April 5 Sudoku – April 5, 2017 This Day In History 9 Nisan/April 5 Give Them a Brok This Day In History 8 Nisan/April 4 Weather » Brooklyn 45°F Light rain See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,878.95 +14.47 (+0.25%) S&P 500 2,357.49 +4.54 (+0.19%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9396 GBP 0.8020 ILS 3.6452 CHF 1.0053 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Sections Login / Register Blogs EURACTIV Network Search Agrifood Agrifood CAP reform Food chain sustainability Food labelling Food safety GMOs Nutrition and health Organic food Pesticides Precision farming Digital Digital #Media4EU Broadband Cybersecurity Data protection Digital Single Market e Commerce Insurance Internet governance Internet of Things Radio spectrum Smart cities Telecoms regulation Economy & Jobs Economy & Jobs Competition Education Euro & Finance Innovation & Industry Regional Policy Social Europe & Jobs Trade & Society Energy & Environment Energy & Environment Air Pollution Circular economy Climate change Energy Science & Policymaking Sustainable Development water policy Global Europe Global Europe Africa Arab Spring Central Europe Development Policy Enlargement Europe's East Med & South Neighbourhood policy Turkey World Health Health Active ageing Alcohol Clinical trials Diabetes, Cancer, Hepatitis Endocrine disruptors Health literacy Healthcare and austerity Heart disease Medical devices Personalised drugs Sports Tobacco Politics Politics Elections EU Priorities 2020 Freedom of thought Future EU Justice & Home Affairs Languages & Culture Public Affairs Security UK & Europe Transport Transport Automated vehicles Aviation Electric cars Public transport accessibility Railways Road charging Road safety Trucks and CO2 Home News Economy & Jobs Euro & Finance Financial regulation JP Morgan boss: ‘Breakup of the EU and eurozone would be devastating’ JP Morgan boss: ‘Breakup of the EU and eurozone would be devastating’ By Delphine Cuny | La Tribune | translated by Samuel White 06-04-2017 Jamie Dimon [Steve Jurvetson/Flickr] Languages: Français Comments Print In his annual letter to shareholders, the chairman of America’s biggest bank expressed his concern about the consequences of Brexit, as well as the financial deregulation promised by Donald Trump’s administration. EURACTIV’s partner La Tribune reports. Jamie Dimon’s weighty letter is read every year by the planet’s top financiers, including multi-billionaire Warren Buffet. The boss of JP Morgan Chase this year focused on the increased geopolitical risks faced by the financial sector, particularly in Europe, still reeling from Brexit. The head of the world’s biggest bank by market capitalisation is concerned about the effect the UK’s exit from the EU will have on JP Morgan’s 20,000 UK employees, mainly based in the City of London. For JP Morgan, Brexit will mean “acquiring regulatory approvals, transferring certain technologies and moving some people”, Dimon wrote. He added that he expected “constant pressure” from the EU to strengthen the bank’s operations inside the bloc, to the detriment of the City. Before last June’s referendum, the banker had warned his UK staff that some of them may be moved abroad in case of a leave victory. In his letter, Dimon also gave his (rather American) view of the challenges and risks facing Europe. “We hope that the advent of Brexit would lead the EU to focus on fixing its issues – immigration, bureaucracy, the ongoing loss of sovereign rights and labour inflexibility – and thereby pulling the EU and the monetary union closer together,” he wrote. “Our fear, however, is that it could instead result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart. The unravelling of the EU and the monetary union could have devastating economic and political effects.” Study: Frexit chaos would be ‘worse than collapse of Lehman Brothers’ The political disarray in France’s mainstream parties is encouraging debate about Frexit. The possibility is alarming economists, who fear it would cause a “cardiac arrest” in global finance and make life harder for the poor. EURACTIV France reports. Lightening regulation… but not too much But the 61-year-old banker, who has been at the helm of JP Morgan for the last 12 years, took a balanced view. “We are not predicting this will happen, the probabilities have certainly gone up – and we will keep a close eye on the situation in Europe over the next several years,” he wrote. While geopolitical risks are chief among his concerns, along with investment in technology and Fintech start-ups, one third of his letter was dedicated to the subject of regulation. Once tipped as Donald Trump’s pick for secretary of the treasury, a job that finally went to Steven Mnuchin of Goldman Sachs, Dimon has demonstrated greater reserve than the new president’s advisors, who are pushing an agenda of massive deregulation. While he used his letter to call for certain regulations to be lightened, he stopped short of demanding a reversal of the legislation put in place to avoid another global financial crisis like that sparked by the sub-prime mortgage crisis. “We had a severe financial crisis followed by needed reform, and our financial system is now stronger and more resilient as a result. During and since the crisis, we’ve always supported thoughtful, effective regulation, not simply more or less. But it is an understatement to say improvements could be made. The regulatory environment is unnecessarily complex, costly and sometimes confusing. […] We are not looking to throw out the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules.” For Dimon, the risk of banks being “too big to fail” has been resolved. He said the systems in place today would ensure that in a similar situation today, Lehman Brothers would not go bankrupt, or its failure would not have such immense repercussions on the global economy, and taxpayers would not be asked to pay for a bailout. Yet, he believes the new capital requirements could be cut and harmonised at international level. A reduction in the capital buffers required by the Fed could, he said, “support almost $190 billion of loans”. Oxfam exposes tax haven habits of big European banks The 20 biggest banks in the eurozone booked over a quarter of their 2015 profits in tax havens, with Luxembourg and Ireland the favourite destinations, a report by Oxfam said on Monday (27 March). EURACTIV France reports. Languages: Français Comments Print Topics   banking Brexit Jamie Dimon JP Morgan Advertisement Supporters Popular Content 1Polish MP accuses Juncker of 'alcohol dependency' 2Quarter of a million British pets face 'jail' in Europe if Brexit talks fail 3EU to propose new rules targeting encrypted apps in June 4Trump hails EU for 'getting their act together' in face of Brexit 5German manufacturers say ‘no concessions’ to UK in EU exit talks 6Parliament report opens ‘Pandora’s Box’ of EU-funded NGOs 7EU-27 hands Spain veto over Gibraltar’s Brexit deal 8Italy, Greece, Cyprus and Israel eye longest offshore gas pipeline 9If you back Brexit, I'll call for Texit, Juncker tells Trump 10UK ambassador to Spain: Gibraltar's cross-border movement a post-Brexit priority EURACTIV Members Advertisement Comments Leave a Reply Notify of new follow-up commentsnew replies to my comments You must be logged in to post a comment. You must be logged in to post a comment. About Euractiv Concept & Objectives Editorial Mission Submit an Opinion The Brief Trans-Europe Express EURACTIV.COM plc Media Partners & Network EURACTIV’s Partners Media Innovation Projects Press Office Readership Surveys Press Releases Netiquette Other FAQs Communication Services EURACTIV Events Corporate Services Euractor Membership Multimedia Services EU Projects Advertise JobSite, Agenda & PR Post A Job Latest Jobs Post Your Event Post Your PR Fondation EURACTIV About Yellow Academy Moderations Internships EURACTIV Network Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us Efficacité et Transparence des Acteurs Européens 1999-2017. EURACTIV.com plc | Terms and Conditions | Contact us
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Cohn backs Wall Street split of lending, investment banks Is the Trump administration serious about restoring Glass-Steagall? Lacker's exit from Fed leaves mystery over 2016 reappointment Sweeping reg relief? Bankers aren't counting on it Long day for CFPB's Cordray as accusations and innuendo fly at hearing search goes here Cohn backs Wall Street split of lending, investment banks Published April 06 2017, 9:38am EDT More in Regulatory reform Policymaking Trump administration Print Email Share Share on In a private meeting with lawmakers, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he supports a policy that could radically reshape Wall Street's biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks, said people with direct knowledge of the matter. Cohn, the ex- Goldman Sachs executive who is now advising President Donald Trump, said he generally favors banking going back to how it was when firms like Goldman focused on trading and underwriting securities, and companies such as Citigroup Inc. primarily issued loans, according to the people, who heard his comments. The remarks surprised some senators and congressional aides who attended the Wednesday meeting, as they didn't expect a former top Wall Street executive to speak favorably of proposals that would force banks to dramatically rethink how they do business. Gary Cohn, director of the U.S. National Economic Council. Bloomberg News Yet Cohn's comments echo what Trump and Republican lawmakers have previously said about wanting to bring back the Glass-Steagall Act, the Depression-era law that kept bricks-and-mortar lending separate from investment banking for more than six decades. In the years after the law's 1999 repeal, banks such as Citigroup, Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. gobbled up rivals and pushed into all sorts of new businesses, becoming one-stop-shopping financial behemoths. White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom didn't respond to requests for comment. Many banking executives believed that the inclusion of former finance executives like Cohn in Trump's White House would temper major changes such as a Glass-Steagall return. But his Wednesday remarks suggest he could be a wildcard should Congress get serious about reinstating the law. "It just shows you the lack of consensus that exists among the people who are putting their comments into the hat on banking regulation," said Christopher Wheeler, an analyst in London with Atlantic Equities LLP. "The uncertainty is immense and what you have to believe is that things will continue as they are. You have to presume that nothing happens." A separation of investment and commercial banking would have a potentially bigger impact on global firms that have a big consumer banking unit, Brian Gardner, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette and Woods said in a research note. Goldman is an example of a firm that doesn't do much consumer lending while its peers such as JPMorgan would be forced to make more dramatic changes. Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen, said Thursday on Bloomberg Television that Cohn's comments were surprising. Though the financial crisis and bank bailouts led to criticism of companies that are considered too big to fail, regulation has increased substantially in recent years on everything from mortgage lending to derivatives. "We need a healthy banking system," he said. "That's yes, of course, good for Wall Street, but it's also really good for main street." White House officials haven't said what an updated version of Glass-Steagall might look like. Getting Congress to pass any significant financial regulation legislation would be a high hurdle, as lawmakers are currently bogged down by other high profile issues including health care and taxes. "We fully expect Glass-Steagall headlines to persist, but we see neither the political will nor the legislative capacity necessary for passage of legislation reshaping the nation's banking framework," said Isaac Boltansky, a financial regulation analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading. Cohn's remarks were prompted by a question from Senator Elizabeth Warren, one of the finance industry's most relentless critics, said the people who asked not to be named because Cohn's meeting with Senate Banking Committee members was private. The Massachusetts Democrat asked Cohn about his thoughts on Glass-Steagall. After Cohn answered, Senator Robert Corker, a Tennessee Republican, pressed the White House official to clarify his views. Spokesmen for Warren and Corker didn't respond to requests for comment. Dismantling the nation's banking giants isn't a partisan issue, which is one reason why Wall Street fears the idea could gain traction. Both political parties -- and many voters -- still resent that taxpayers had to rescue the industry with a $700 billion bailout during the 2008 financial crisis. Republicans included a return of Glass-Steagall in the party platform they approved in July during their national convention. Warren herself has proposed legislation with Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona called the "21st Century Glass-Steagall Act." Advocates for bringing the law back say smaller banks could be allowed to fail without threatening the economy or needing bailouts. They also argue that a less powerful finance industry wouldn't have as much influence over Washington policy. Wall Street executives counter that it would be impossible for broken-up lenders to compete with overseas mega-banks and that the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act has made the industry much safer. Wednesday's Capitol Hill meeting with Cohn was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo of Idaho, and included lawmakers from both political parties and their staffs. The discussion covered a wide range of topics, including financial regulations and overhauling the tax code, the people said. A Crapo spokeswoman declined to comment. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
null
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business RBC, JPMorgan lead Canadian equity advisory in first quarter Add to ... By John Tilak TORONTO — Reuters Published Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 7:20AM EDT Last updated Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 7:20AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Royal Bank of Canada <RY.TO>, JPMorgan <JPM.N> and Bank of Montreal <BMO.TO> took the top three positions advising on Canadian equity issues in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters data released on Thursday. The volume slipped about 13 percent to C$12.9 billion ($9.6 billion) from year-earlier levels, the figures showed. Toronto Dominion <TD.TO> and Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce <CM.TO> finished fourth and fifth, respectively. The five biggest deals of the quarter were in the energy sector, led by Cenovus Energy Inc's <CVE.TO> C$3 billion offering to help fund its acquisition of oil sands and natural gas assets from ConocoPhillips <COP.N>, followed by AltaGas Ltd's <ALA.TO> C$2.2 billion issue tied to its purchase of WGL Holdings <WGL.N>. RBC and JPMorgan were advisors on both those deals, and TD helped advise the AltaGas offering. Initial public offerings rebounded after a lackluster 2016, with Freshii Inc <FRII.TO> and Canada Goose Holdings Inc <GOOS.TO> listing on the Toronto Stock Exchange. "We're seeing a resurgence of the IPO market in Canada. There's a ton of interest in non-resource names," said Benoit Lauzé, head of equity capital markets at CIBC. "We feel the environment is much more stable than it was a year ago," added Lauzé, who advised on both the Freshii and Canada Goose offerings. CIBC and RBC were jointly ranked No. 1 for advising on initial public offerings in the quarter. JPMorgan's No. 2 ranking for overall equity issuance was the best performance by a foreign bank in Canadian equity capital markets since the second quarter of 2013. "It does show you that for certain transactions, having a global bank leading or joint leading an equity offering can provide real value," said David Rawlings, head of JPMorgan Canada. Rawlings said JPMorgan has been building its equity capabilities in Canada for the last three or four years. The energy sector represented about 50 percent of new equity issues in the quarter, said Kirby Gavelin, head of equity capital markets at RBC Capital Markets. "Acquisition-related financing was robust across all sectors," he added. ($1 = 1.3431 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Richard Chang) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   COP-NConocoPhillips Latest Price$49.81 0.00 (0.00%) BMO-TBank of Montreal Latest Price$99.95 0.00 (0.00%) BMO-NBank of Montreal Latest Price$74.44 0.00 (0.00%) CM-NCanadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Latest Price$86.11 0.00 (0.00%) CM-TCanadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Latest Price$115.57 0.00 (0.00%) WGL-NWGL Holdings Inc Latest Price$82.42 0.00 (0.00%) RY-TRoyal Bank of Canada Latest Price$97.81 0.00 (0.00%) RY-NRoyal Bank of Canada Latest Price$72.91 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 6 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Bank of Montreal Toronto Stock Exchange Inc. Altagas ConocoPhillips Company WGL Holdings Inc. Royal Bank of Canada Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Trump's 'great wall': A look at the bizarre ideas for the controversial project News What you need to know about Stephen Bannon, the heart of Trump's inner circle News Trump orders military strikes against Assad airbase in Syria Arts Don Rickles, king of insult comedy, dies at 90 Globe Drive Why electric cars are popular in one Quebec region News Justin Trudeau calls Syria chemical attack a ‘war crime’ Technology LiFi tech turns light bulbs into Internet transmitters Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 News Trump: Syria attack was 'a disgrace to humanity' News GOP go 'nuclear' to put Gorsuch on high court Report on Business Money Monitor: What your financial adviser’s qualifications mean ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business How Lego can get employees thinking outside the blocks Life Tobacco companies may be working to undermine tobacco control initiatives: Philpott Most popular U.S. launches missiles on Syria in response to deadly gas attack Illegal but legitimate? The consequences of U.S. action in Syria April 7: Your daily horoscope Gut check: Why and how I worked off my belly Assad’s endless war and infinite depravity X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Veteran Jobs Mission Honors United States Senator John McCain for His Commitment to Veterans Award Presented at the Veteran Jobs Mission Coalition Convening, Where 235 Companies Committed to Hiring One Million Veterans Will Tackle Largest Issues Facing Veteran Employment Former Senator Mel Martinez presents 2017 Veteran Jobs Mission Service Award to Senator John McCain with JPMorgan Chase Head of Military & Veterans Affairs Ross A. Brown at the Veteran Jobs Mission reception. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Former Senator Mel Martinez presents 2017 Veteran Jobs Mission Service Award to Senator John McCain with JPMorgan Chase Head of Military & Veterans Affairs Ross A. Brown at the Veteran Jobs Mission reception. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 06, 2017 07:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Veteran Jobs Mission, a coalition of largely Fortune 500 companies committed to hiring one million veterans and representing nearly every sector in the U.S. economy presented The Honorable Senator John McCain with the 2017 Veteran Jobs Mission Service Award for his decades of commitment to the nation’s veterans. The award presentation took place at the kickoff reception for the Veteran Jobs Mission coalition summit at JPMorgan Chase’s Washington D.C. office last evening and included representation from companies including JPMorgan Chase, Starbucks, Amazon, AT&T, Deloitte, Drexel Hamilton, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, among many others. “I’m honored to accept the 2017 Veteran Jobs Mission Service Award, and I thank JPMorgan Chase and the entire coalition for this distinction,” said Senator McCain. “The Veterans Job Mission is the embodiment of the motto: don’t just thank a vet, hire one. Thanks to the commitment of some of our nation’s most respected businesses, transitioning service members and veterans now have valuable opportunities for workforce success. I have always believed that a company could make no better workforce investment than to hire a veteran, and I look forward to continuing our work together to support all those who have served.” The Veteran Jobs Mission, created in 2011 with the initial goal of hiring 100,000 veterans, has expanded to include 235 companies committed to hiring one million veterans with 385,000 already hired. Today, the coalition will convene at Nationals Park in D.C. to share best practices and strategize the year ahead. Topics addressed will include not only how to increase the number of veteran hires, but how to improve the acclimation and retention rates of veteran employees to ensure job longevity and fulfillment, as well as topics like service disabled veteran recruiting and employee resource groups. “I can’t think of a more deserving individual than Senator John McCain to receive the 2017 Veteran Jobs Mission Service Award,” said JPMorgan Chase Head of Military and Veterans Affairs Ross A. Brown. “On behalf of the organizations representing the Veteran Jobs Mission, we will continue to carry on the commitment to veterans that the Senator embodies and to help returning service members find meaningful employment and a path to success.” “We’re proud to honor Senator McCain for his deep commitment to our nation’s service members and are pleased to be a part of this coalition dedicated to hiring veterans,” said Deloitte’s Military & Veteran Acquisition Lead Kevin Whirity. “The skills and experience that veterans bring to the workforce are highly valued. We know that hiring veterans isn’t just the right thing to do – it’s good for business.” As the plaque reads, Senator McCain was honored for his, “more than forty years of unflagging dedication to our nation’s service members and veterans and an incomparable commitment and contribution to ensuring they are supported and adequately resourced, reflecting great credit upon him, the State of Arizona, and the United States of America.” One million service members are expected to leave the military over the next five years. While overall unemployment rates for veterans have dropped to below the national average at just 4.7 percent, post-911 veterans suffer from higher rates of unemployment and the conversation is shifting to other challenges that veterans face in the workplace such as acclimation and retention. Recent reports show that nearly half of all veterans hired leave their jobs within the first year. Initiatives including manager and employee training programs, networking and affinity groups all aid in increasing retention rates and veteran employment longevity. The eleven founding members of the Veteran Jobs Mission include AT&T, Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc., Cushman & Wakefield, Inc., Dell EMC Corporation, Iron Mountain Incorporated, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Modis, NCR Corporation, Universal Health Services, Inc. and Verizon Communications, Inc. About the Veteran Jobs Mission Launched in 2011 as the 100,000 Jobs Mission, the Veteran Jobs Mission brings together companies committed to hiring U.S. military veterans. More than 235 Fortune 500 companies have joined and collectively hired nearly 385,000 U.S. military veterans, with the ultimate goal of one million. The private sector organizations are continuing to increase their focus on retention and career development. This includes supporting veterans as they adapt to the workplace by establishing sponsorship and on-boarding training programs, as well as industry-based coalition subgroups to increase collaboration among members. Visit jobsmission.com. Contacts J.P. Morgan Allison Steinberg, 212-648-2646 allison.steinberg@jpmorgan.com Release Summary Award Presented to Senator John McCain at the Veteran Jobs Mission Coalition Meeting, Where 235 Companies Committed to Hiring One Million Veterans Will Tackle Largest Issues Facing Veteran Employment Contacts J.P. Morgan Allison Steinberg, 212-648-2646 allison.steinberg@jpmorgan.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GCP Applied Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jamie Bowman Sells 38,434 Shares of Crew Energy Inc (CR) Stock Jonathan Ilany Buys 25,242 Shares of Tiptree Inc (TIPT) Stock James C. Moyer Sells 2,000 Shares of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Stock AQR Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) Unit Co. (UNT) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Capital International Inc. CA Decreases Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 8,841 Shares of Luminex Co. (LMNX) Guggenheim Capital LLC Takes Position in J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Guggenheim Capital LLC Takes Position in Kraton Corp (KRA) Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Epwin Group PLC (EPWN) Stifel Nicolaus Boosts Leggett & Platt, Inc. (LEG) Price Target to $52.00 Wedbush Weighs in on Landec Co.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (LNDC) Blackrock New Jersey Municipal Bond Trst (BLJ) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 11th Blackrock New Jersey Municipal Bond Trst (BLJ) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 11th Brokerages Set Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Target Price at $59.43 Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (SC) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Medtronic plc. (MDT) Receives $88.32 Average PT from Analysts AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC lowered its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc (NYSE:GCP) by 0.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 62,898 shares of the company’s stock after selling 100 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in GCP Applied Technologies were worth $1,683,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 295.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,394,212 shares of the company’s stock worth $39,484,000 after buying an additional 1,041,494 shares in the last quarter. York Capital Management Global Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies during the third quarter worth about $23,833,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 146.0% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 572,064 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,302,000 after buying an additional 339,504 shares in the last quarter. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. increased its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 23.0% in the fourth quarter. Alyeska Investment Group L.P. now owns 1,156,692 shares of the company’s stock worth $30,942,000 after buying an additional 216,286 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 64.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 459,269 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,285,000 after buying an additional 179,869 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 82.46% of the company’s stock. Shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc (NYSE:GCP) opened at 31.80 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $31.06 and its 200 day moving average price is $28.00. The company has a market capitalization of $2.26 billion and a PE ratio of 31.18. GCP Applied Technologies Inc has a 52-week low of $19.51 and a 52-week high of $34.05. GCP Applied Technologies (NYSE:GCP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 2nd. The company reported $0.29 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.02. GCP Applied Technologies had a net margin of 5.61% and a return on equity of 1,424.27%. On average, equities analysts forecast that GCP Applied Technologies Inc will post $1.53 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/aqr-capital-management-llc-sells-100-shares-of-gcp-applied-technologies-inc-gcp.html. GCP has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price target (up previously from $33.00) on shares of GCP Applied Technologies in a report on Sunday, March 5th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded GCP Applied Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Monness Crespi & Hardt upgraded GCP Applied Technologies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 price target on the stock in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on GCP Applied Technologies in a report on Friday, January 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price target on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. GCP Applied Technologies has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $32.75. About GCP Applied Technologies GCP Applied Technologies Inc produces and sells specialty construction chemicals, specialty building materials, and packaging sealants and coatings. The Company operates through three segments: Specialty Construction Chemicals, Specialty Building Materials and Darex Packaging Technologies. The Specialty Construction Chemicals segment manufactures and markets products to manage performance of Portland cement, and materials based on Portland cement, such as concrete admixtures and cement additives, as well as concrete production management systems. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GCP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for GCP Applied Technologies Inc (NYSE:GCP). Receive News & Ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. KeyCorp (KEY) Given a $19.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Liberty Interactive Co. – Series A Liberty Ventures (LVNTA) Receives Buy Rating from Pivotal Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Andrew Wilson Sells 8,000 Shares of Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock VMware’s (VMW) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton BlackRock Municipal Bond Trust (BBK) to Issue $0.06 Monthly Dividend State Street Corp Has $18,775,000 Position in Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $27,961,000 Position in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 14,080 Shares of Tata Motors Limited (TTM) State Street Corp Acquires 35,409 Shares of St. Joe Co (JOE) State Street Corp Acquires 35,409 Shares of St. Joe Co (JOE) State Street Corp Has $18,746,000 Position in Boise Cascade Co (BCC) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Takes Position in ConnectOne Bancorp Inc (CNOB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Bellway plc (BWY) Price Target to GBX 3,300 MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JMP Securities JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Bovis Homes Group plc (BVS) to Neutral Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Brokerages Set Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Target Price at $86.67 Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) was upgraded by equities research analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. The firm presently has a $97.82 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. Vetr‘s price objective points to a potential upside of 13.49% from the stock’s current price. JPM has been the topic of a number of other research reports. BMO Capital Markets restated a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “outperform” rating to a “mkt perform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating and issued a $70.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $73.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating, seventeen have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $80.17. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 86.19 on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12 month low of $57.05 and a 12 month high of $93.98. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $90.01 and its 200-day moving average price is $81.16. The company has a market cap of $306.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.92 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.48 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $1.68 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This is an increase from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.32%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-rating-increased-to-strong-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. In other news, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 21,532 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $1,801,582.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 86,338 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,223,900.46. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total value of $5,510,924.55. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 237,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,868,780.22. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515. 0.85% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bovis Homes Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bovis Homes Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Bellway plc (BWY) Price Target to GBX 3,300 MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JMP Securities JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Bovis Homes Group plc (BVS) to Neutral Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Brokerages Set Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Target Price at $86.67 Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Brokerages Set Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) PT at $166.86 Brokerages Set Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Target Price at $86.67 Brokerages Set Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) PT at $166.86 Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts James M. Whitehurst Sells 12,000 Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) Stock Daniel D. Lane Sells 27,097 Shares of FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Stock Tunc Doluca Sells 24,500 Shares of Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Stock Dotdigital Group plc (DOTD) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Nine Ten Capital Management Ll Sells 17,000 Shares of Winmark Co. (WINA) Stock Insider Selling: Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Director Sells $1,503,000.00 in Stock GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Position Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $870,000 in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $883,000 in Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Amedisys Inc (AMED) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Bovis Homes Group plc (BVS) to Neutral April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Bovis Homes Group plc (LON:BVS) was downgraded by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 880 ($10.98) price target on the stock, down from their prior price target of GBX 1,070 ($13.36). JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target indicates a potential downside of 1.35% from the company’s current price. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on BVS. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,219 ($15.22) price objective on shares of Bovis Homes Group plc in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Beaufort Securities restated a “buy” rating on shares of Bovis Homes Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC lowered Bovis Homes Group plc to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from GBX 1,110 ($13.86) to GBX 886 ($11.06) in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,066 ($13.31) target price (down previously from GBX 1,190 ($14.85)) on shares of Bovis Homes Group plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Liberum Capital restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 775 ($9.67) target price on shares of Bovis Homes Group plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 867.97 ($10.83). Bovis Homes Group plc (LON:BVS) opened at 879.50 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 842.18 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 828.74. Bovis Homes Group plc has a 52-week low of GBX 430.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,028.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.18 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be issued a GBX 30 ($0.37) dividend. This is a positive change from Bovis Homes Group plc’s previous dividend of $15.00. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a dividend yield of 3.97%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-lowers-bovis-homes-group-plc-bvs-to-neutral.html. About Bovis Homes Group plc Bovis Homes Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based builder of homes in England and Wales. The Company’s business is involved in the design, build and sale of new homes for both private customers and social landlords. The Company offers a portfolio of properties, ranging from one and two bedroom apartments to five and six bedroom detached family homes. Receive News & Ratings for Bovis Homes Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bovis Homes Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bellway plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Bellway plc (BWY) Price Target to GBX 3,300 MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JMP Securities JPMorgan Chase & Co. Lowers Bovis Homes Group plc (BVS) to Neutral Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Brokerages Set Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Target Price at $86.67 Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Brokerages Set Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) PT at $166.86 Brokerages Set Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Target Price at $86.67 Brokerages Set Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) PT at $166.86 Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts James M. Whitehurst Sells 12,000 Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) Stock Daniel D. Lane Sells 27,097 Shares of FNF Group of Fidelity National Financial, Inc. (FNF) Stock Tunc Doluca Sells 24,500 Shares of Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Stock Dotdigital Group plc (DOTD) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Nine Ten Capital Management Ll Sells 17,000 Shares of Winmark Co. (WINA) Stock Insider Selling: Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Director Sells $1,503,000.00 in Stock GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Position Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $870,000 in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $883,000 in Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Amedisys Inc (AMED) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Bellway plc (BWY) Price Target to GBX 3,300 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Bellway plc (LON:BWY) had its price objective raised by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 2,950 ($36.82) to GBX 3,300 ($41.19) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage presently has an “overweight” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target points to a potential upside of 22.36% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a GBX 2,900 ($36.20) target price on shares of Bellway plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Liberum Capital boosted their target price on shares of Bellway plc from GBX 2,780 ($34.70) to GBX 3,032 ($37.85) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Bellway plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on shares of Bellway plc from GBX 2,993 ($37.36) to GBX 3,014 ($37.62) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Canaccord Genuity lifted their price target on shares of Bellway plc from GBX 2,780 ($34.70) to GBX 2,840 ($35.45) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 2,937.13 ($36.66). Bellway plc (LON:BWY) opened at 2705.00 on Thursday. Bellway plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,622.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 2,920.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 3.31 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 2,698.49 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 2,506.24. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a GBX 37.50 ($0.47) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.32%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-bellway-plc-bwy-price-target-to-gbx-3300.html. Bellway plc Company Profile Bellway p.l.c is a holding company of the Bellway Group of companies. The Company is engaged in the building and selling of homes, ranging from one-bedroom apartments up to five-bedroom family homes, as well as providing social housing-to-housing associations. It focuses on providing traditional family housing outside of London and apartments within the London boroughs, in zone 2 and beyond. Receive News & Ratings for Bellway plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 April 2017 by Military News Seven-Time World Boxing Champion Files Fraud Lawsuit Against Chase Bank Related to the Alleged Theft of $2.3MM in Tax Refund Checks from a „Fake Account” Romero Law, APC Pasadena, CA (PRWEB) April 06, 2017 Alan J. Romero, Esq.                 ROMERO LAW, APC 80 S. Lake Avenue, Suite 880 Pasadena, CA 91101-2672 (626) 396-9900 firm(at)romerolaw(dot)com Juan Manuel Marquez v. JP Morgan Chase & Co., et al. – LASC Case No. BC655284 Former World Champion Boxer Files Multi-Million Fraud Lawsuit Arising Out of a “Fake Account” Opened by Chase to Allegedly Allow an Organized Crime Ring to Steal $2.3MM in Tax Refunds PRESS RELEASE AND NOTICE OF PRESS CONFERENCE Date:        April 10, 2017 Time:        11:00AM Location:            13112 Philadelphia Street                 Whittier, CA 90601 Attendees:    Juan Manuel Marquez                 Alan J. Romero, Esq.                 Media Invitees Former seven-time world champion boxer Juan Manuel Marquez alleges in a Complaint filed in the Los Angeles Superior Court that JP Morgan Chase & Co. was complicit in the theft of millions of dollars in fraudulently obtained tax refunds, and at least $2,308,439.00 in funds stolen from Mr. Marquez through “fake accounts” opened at Chase Bank in the name of Mr. Marquez, without his knowledge or consent. Mr. Marquez will be appearing at a press conference to answer questions regarding this matter on April 10, 2017 at 11:00AM at a location across the street from the Whittier Chase Bank branch where the allegedly fraudulent accounts were opened and from where the allegedly stolen tax refunds were laundered. All media outlets are welcome and are invited to attend. Further information can be obtained by contacting legal counsel for Mr. Marquez via email at firm(at)romerolaw(dot)com or at (626) 396-9900. About Juan Manuel Marquez: Mr. Marquez is a professional boxer and former four-weight world champion, who, over the past twenty years, and has held seven world championships titles. Mr. Marquez is generally regarded to be one of the greatest Mexican boxers in the history of the sport, and is a national hero in his home country. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SMPTE Announces Program Details for Fifth Annual Entertainment Technology in the Connected Age (ETCA) Conference Next PostNext HighRadius to Present the Research-based Facts Behind Check and Electronic Payment Processing Search Recent Posts CORRECTION FROM SOURCE/ATCO Announces Dennis DeChamplain as Chief Financial Officer Aida Options Tay-LP Yukon Property Global Outlook of Electronic Design Automation Market: A Comprehensive Industry Overview with Latest Innovations and Trends Forecast 2021 Antiviral Drugs Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022. TakeLessons Acquires Chromatik, a Digital Music Company Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hastings Group Hldg PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) to Announce ($1.15) Earnings Per Share Zacks: AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd (FUJHY) to “Hold” Leoni AG (LNNNF) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Zacks: Prima BioMed Ltd (PBMD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts HAVAS (HAVSF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC (LON:HSTG) to a neutral rating in a research note released on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has GBX 290 ($3.62) price objective on the stock, up from their prior price objective of GBX 260 ($3.25). HSTG has been the subject of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price target on Hastings Group Hldg PLC from GBX 248 ($3.10) to GBX 253 ($3.16) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Beaufort Securities restated a buy rating on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Peel Hunt restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 240 ($3.00) price objective on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Macquarie restated an underperform rating and issued a GBX 163 ($2.03) price objective on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 240.56 ($3.00). Hastings Group Hldg PLC (LON:HSTG) opened at 274.90 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.81 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 248.01 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 230.51. Hastings Group Hldg PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 162.90 and a 52-week high of GBX 284.60. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/hastings-group-hldg-plc-hstg-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-neutral.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a GBX 6.60 ($0.08) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.85%. This is an increase from Hastings Group Hldg PLC’s previous dividend of $3.30. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. In other news, insider Richard Mark Brewster sold 9,000,001 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 248 ($3.10), for a total value of £22,320,002.48 ($27,861,693.27). Hastings Group Hldg PLC Company Profile Hastings Group Holdings plc, formerly Hastings Group Holdings Limited, is a holding company. The Company provides general insurance. Its segments include Underwriting, Retail and Corporate. The Underwriting segment includes underwriting business based in Gibraltar. The Underwriting segment includes its subsidiaries, Advantage Insurance Company Limited (AICL), which is engaged in underwriting general insurance, primarily private car insurance in the United Kingdom, and Conquest House Limited, which owns property utilized by the Company. Receive News & Ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC (LON:HSTG) to a neutral rating in a research note released on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has GBX 290 ($3.62) price objective on the stock, up from their prior price objective of GBX 260 ($3.25). HSTG has been the subject of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price target on Hastings Group Hldg PLC from GBX 248 ($3.10) to GBX 253 ($3.16) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Beaufort Securities restated a buy rating on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Peel Hunt restated a buy rating and issued a GBX 240 ($3.00) price objective on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Macquarie restated an underperform rating and issued a GBX 163 ($2.03) price objective on shares of Hastings Group Hldg PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 240.56 ($3.00). Hastings Group Hldg PLC (LON:HSTG) opened at 274.90 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 1.81 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 248.01 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 230.51. Hastings Group Hldg PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 162.90 and a 52-week high of GBX 284.60. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/hastings-group-hldg-plc-hstg-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-neutral.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be given a GBX 6.60 ($0.08) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 2.85%. This is an increase from Hastings Group Hldg PLC’s previous dividend of $3.30. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. In other news, insider Richard Mark Brewster sold 9,000,001 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 248 ($3.10), for a total value of £22,320,002.48 ($27,861,693.27). Hastings Group Hldg PLC Company Profile Hastings Group Holdings plc, formerly Hastings Group Holdings Limited, is a holding company. The Company provides general insurance. Its segments include Underwriting, Retail and Corporate. The Underwriting segment includes underwriting business based in Gibraltar. The Underwriting segment includes its subsidiaries, Advantage Insurance Company Limited (AICL), which is engaged in underwriting general insurance, primarily private car insurance in the United Kingdom, and Conquest House Limited, which owns property utilized by the Company. Receive News & Ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hastings Group Hldg PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Ford Motor Company (F) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Brinker International (EAT) Share Price Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share $2.34 Earnings Per Share Expected for International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price Financial Engines (FNGN) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hecla Mining Company (HL) Stock Price JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (NYSE:JFC)’s share price reached a new 52-week high on Wednesday after an insider bought additional shares in the company. The stock traded as high as $18.61 and last traded at $18.61, with a volume of 10,840 shares trading hands. The stock had previously closed at $18.45. Specifically, major shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 12,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 27th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.35 per share, with a total value of $220,200.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Over the last ninety days, insiders acquired 120,599 shares of company stock valued at $2,217,272. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $17.93 and its 200-day moving average is $16.93. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/jpmorgan-china-region-fund-inc-jfc-hits-new-1-year-high-after-insider-buying-activity.html. About JPMorgan China Region Fund JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The Fund seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation through investments primarily in equity securities of companies with substantial assets in, or revenues derived from, the People’s Republic of China (China), Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, collectively, the China Region. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up IAB welcomes tough action on digital ads News, 06 April 2017 Topics Regulation & control NEW YORK: Marketers will all be aware that several major brands, such as Procter & Gamble and JPMorgan Chase, are no longer tolerating the inadequacies of digital advertising – and this is a development strongly endorsed by the IAB's CEO. Randall Rothenberg, President and CEO of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, said in a blog post that the industry has done a lot of work to improve matters since Marc Pritchard, P&G's Chief Brand Officer, demanded earlier this year that the advertising industry take action to deal with bad practice. But Rothenberg said "there is much, much more left to be done" because "it's not just digital ad tech companies that are culpable – agencies, publishers, and the brands themselves bear responsibility". Posting his comments on the same day that Pritchard reiterated his call for agencies to increase transparency and improve brand safety, Rothenberg praised the FMCG giant, one of the biggest advertisers in the world, for its tough approach. "By putting its money on the line for standards compliance, Procter & Gamble launched a shot across the bow of [the] entire marketing-media ecosystem," he wrote. Rothenberg also lauded JPMorgan Chase for its almost ruthless filleting of websites that once served its ads, cutting the total from around 400,000 to just 5,000 pre-approved sites. He said JPMorgan Chase was following the programme he outlined at the IAB Annual Leadership Meeting in Florida two months ago, when he told ad industry executives that it was up to them as individuals and their companies to "repair the trust". "I have no doubt that P&G and JPMorgan Chase will be followed by a wave of big brands taking similar actions to secure the digital industry supply chain on behalf of brand and consumer safety," he predicted. Throughout his blog, Rothenberg highlighted how pressing the issue of brand safety is, and he even made a startling comparison between the state of the current supply chain in advertising with the efforts the food industry makes to ensure its supply chain is safe. Around 121bn cans of food and beverage are shipped around the US each year, he said, yet only one can is contaminated with botulism – or .00000000001% of all that are shipped. By comparison, "between 3% and 37% of impressions are fraudulently generated by bots" and taken together with ads served on porn sites, falsified content or other inappropriate sites, then "the incidence of bad advertising is at least a few hundred billion times greater than the incidence of bad canned food". Data sourced from IAB; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News Google hires comScore to improve online safety News Brands should avoid 'hedonic contamination' News Unilever announces major shake-up News One in five UK consumers boycott brands News Asian retailers struggle with cross-device metrics News Thailand is best for online brand safety News Twitter Lite targets emerging markets News WhatsApp eyes digital payments in India View more News and Opinion More from WARC P&G's Pritchard takes on fakes, fraudsters and fearmongers Digital Transparency: 10 questions marketers need to ask their media agency Can quality content rescue the chaos of digital marketing? IAB chief chastises, challenges digital leadership Future-proofing for the digital age: 10 lessons from P&G's former President of e-business Get a demo Topics Regulation & control 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Financial Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Given a C$24.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Price Target Raised to $113.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Brokers Offer Predictions for Zions Bancorp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ZION) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Axa SA (CS) a €24.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Short Interest in AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Decreases By 0.1% Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Short Interest Up 0.7% in March JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Davita Inc (DVA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at Canaccord Genuity Benchmark Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for InVitae Corp (NVTA) -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Expected for MINDBODY Inc (MB) This Quarter Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Price Target Raised to $113.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Prudential Financial Inc (NYSE:PRU) had its price target increased by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $108.00 to $113.00 in a report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has an overweight rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on PRU. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Prudential Financial from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $114.00 target price for the company in a report on Monday, December 5th. Bank of America Corp raised Prudential Financial from an underperform rating to a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Morgan Stanley lowered Prudential Financial from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating and raised their price target for the stock from $109.00 to $110.00 in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Barclays PLC reissued a buy rating and set a $117.00 price target on shares of Prudential Financial in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Citigroup Inc began coverage on Prudential Financial in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They set a neutral rating and a $103.00 price target for the company. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $103.92. Shares of Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) opened at 106.29 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $109.21 and a 200 day moving average price of $99.94. Prudential Financial has a 52 week low of $66.51 and a 52 week high of $114.55. The stock has a market capitalization of $45.70 billion, a PE ratio of 10.95 and a beta of 1.69. Prudential Financial (NYSE:PRU) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $2.46 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.32 by $0.14. Prudential Financial had a return on equity of 7.96% and a net margin of 7.63%. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.94 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Prudential Financial will post $10.45 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/prudential-financial-inc-pru-price-target-raised-to-113-00-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 16th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 22nd were given a dividend of $0.75 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, February 17th. This is a positive change from Prudential Financial’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.70. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.82%. Prudential Financial’s payout ratio is 28.90%. In other Prudential Financial news, insider Barbara Koster sold 33,743 shares of Prudential Financial stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $112.87, for a total transaction of $3,808,572.41. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 45,245 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,106,803.15. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP Timothy P. Harris sold 6,087 shares of Prudential Financial stock in a transaction on Friday, February 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.75, for a total value of $674,135.25. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 26,022 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,881,936.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.20% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Prudential Financial by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Wetherby Asset Management Inc. now owns 6,639 shares of the company’s stock worth $690,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. Formidable Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Prudential Financial by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. Formidable Asset Management LLC now owns 4,635 shares of the company’s stock worth $482,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the period. Conning Inc. raised its stake in shares of Prudential Financial by 0.6% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 11,169 shares of the company’s stock worth $912,000 after buying an additional 70 shares during the period. HBK Sorce Advisory LLC raised its stake in shares of Prudential Financial by 2.5% in the third quarter. HBK Sorce Advisory LLC now owns 3,182 shares of the company’s stock worth $260,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. Finally, Cim Investment Mangement Inc. raised its stake in shares of Prudential Financial by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Cim Investment Mangement Inc. now owns 7,666 shares of the company’s stock worth $798,000 after buying an additional 85 shares during the period. 60.91% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Prudential Financial Company Profile Prudential Financial, Inc, is a financial services company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. The Company’s operations consists of four divisions, which together encompass seven segments. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Financial Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Financial Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roche Holding Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) Cut to Hold at TD Securities Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Sherwin-Williams Co’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SHW) Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Given a C$24.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Price Target Raised to $113.00 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Brokers Offer Predictions for Zions Bancorp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ZION) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Axa SA (CS) a €24.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Short Interest in AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Decreases By 0.1% Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Short Interest Up 0.7% in March JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Davita Inc (DVA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Roche Holding Ltd. (VTX:ROG)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. Separately, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Roche Holding in a report on Monday, March 27th. Shares of Roche Holding (VTX:ROG) opened at 256.80 on Wednesday. The stock has a market capitalization of CHK 218.78 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.99. Roche Holding has a 12-month low of CHK 218.30 and a 12-month high of CHK 265.20. The company has a 50-day moving average of CHK 252.82 and a 200 day moving average of CHK 238.48. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/roche-holding-ltd-rog-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Roche Holding Roche Holding AG (Roche) is a research-based healthcare company. The Company’s operating businesses are organized into two divisions: Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics. The Pharmaceuticals Division consists of two business segments: Roche Pharmaceuticals and Chugai. The Diagnostics Division consists of four business areas: Diabetes Care, Molecular Diagnostics, Professional Diagnostics and Tissue Diagnostics. Receive News & Ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Assicurazioni Generali SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Assicurazioni Generali SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Short Interest in AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Decreases By 0.1% Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Short Interest Up 0.7% in March JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Davita Inc (DVA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at Canaccord Genuity Benchmark Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for InVitae Corp (NVTA) -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Expected for MINDBODY Inc (MB) This Quarter 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Granite Real Estate (GRP.U) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Zacks: Addus Homecare Co. (ADUS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €16.50 ($17.55) target price on Assicurazioni Generali SpA (BIT:G) in a research note published on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on G. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €13.80 ($14.68) price target on shares of Assicurazioni Generali SpA and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Tuesday. Royal Bank of Canada set a €15.00 ($15.96) price target on shares of Assicurazioni Generali SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €16.00 ($17.02) price target on shares of Assicurazioni Generali SpA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €15.50 ($16.49) price target on shares of Assicurazioni Generali SpA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €15.00 ($15.96) price target on shares of Assicurazioni Generali SpA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €14.23 ($15.13). Shares of Assicurazioni Generali SpA (BIT:G) opened at 14.35 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €14.35 and its 200-day moving average is €13.24. The firm has a market capitalization of €22.38 billion and a P/E ratio of 10.87. Assicurazioni Generali SpA has a 52 week low of €9.76 and a 52 week high of €16.00. WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-16-50-price-target.html. Assicurazioni Generali SpA Company Profile Assicurazioni Generali SpA is an Italy-based company engaged in insurance and financial products sector. it acts as the parent to the Generali Group (the Group). The Group operates through two segments: Life and a Non-life. The Life segment’s product line consists of saving and protection policies, as well as the health and pension policies. Receive News & Ratings for Assicurazioni Generali SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Assicurazioni Generali SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 RAY DALIO: There is a human tragedy taking place in America Matt Turner Apr. 6, 2017, 6:22 PM 14,508 facebook linkedin twitter email print Bridgewater Associates founder Ray Dalio. Astrid Stawiarz/Getty Images for LinkedIn Ray Dalio is with Jamie Dimon. Dimon, the JPMorgan CEO, said this week that while the US is "probably stronger than ever before," it is "clear that something is wrong." And in an interview with Business Insider's global editor in chief Henry Blodget on The Bottom Line, Business Insider's new weekly business news show, Dalio, the founder of Bridgewater Associates, agreed.  "He's right," he told Blodget.  Dalio launched Bridgewater from his kitchen, and the firm is now the world's biggest hedge fund. He made $1.4 billion in 2016, according to Forbes.  Like Dimon, Dalio is focused on the education system. Dalio cited a study his wife funded in Connecticut that found 22% of students in the state are disengaged or disconnected. In his annual letter to shareholders, Dimon said "we are creating generations of citizens who will never have a chance."  "Now you think not only is that a human tragedy in terms of those kids, but that's also going to be a terrible social tragedy," Dalio told Henry Blodget. "When you look at some of the educational things that can be done that make such a world of difference to people, it's a terrible waste of resources and inefficiency. We have a problem with our human infrastructure." Here's the full transcript: Henry Blodget: Jamie Dimon earlier this week said, 'Look, there's a problem in this country, it's a great country, but there's a problem.' Ray Dalio: He's right. Henry Blodget: You agree with that? Ray Dalio: Oh totally. I think it's very inefficient. In many parts of this country, we don't create a bottom. There's no bottom. In other words, there is no minimum level of acceptable education, there's no minimum level of acceptable circumstances in some places. There's a tragedy that we're losing, in many ways, our human infrastructure in lots of those places. That's also a bad investment. My wife is very much involved in education in the worst parts of Connecticut. This is something that's particularly important to her. She funded a study that looked at the number of disengaged and disconnected youths. A disengaged youth in a high school is a student who comes in and doesn't participate. They go to class, they don't do their homework, they don't do anything. A disconnected youth is one that doesn't even know where they are, they don't come to school. She had this study done: 22% of the students in Connecticut are either disengaged or disconnected. Now you think not only is that a human tragedy in terms of those kids, but that's also going to be a terrible social tragedy. What will they end up doing? How will it be? How does it make sense? When you look at some of the educational things that can be done that make such a world of difference to people, it's a terrible waste of resources and ineffiency. We have a problem with our human infrastructure that is a major problem. Henry Blodget: Do you think that that is a different infrastructure to the one that allowed or helped you to do what you do? Ray Dalio: Yes, I was lucky in the sense that I had parents who cared about me, I went to school, I was able to have that kind of infrastructure in this wonderful country that allowed me to have those kinds of opportunities and inspirations, you know, ,when you look at people, and they could do those things, so there was a dream that can happen. There is a wonderful documentary movie called 'Waiting for Superman.' I don't know if you know the movie, OK, 'Waiting for Superman.' It tells the story of being in the inner city and having this aspiration of Superman, and then waiting for Superman, and there is no Superman, he doesn't come, there's no hope. You need hope. You need family. You need infrastructure. You need certain basic things that I had the benefit of having and a lot of the population doesn't have the benefit of having.  NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by some of the most powerful men in finance Loading video... More: Ray Dalio Bridgewater Associates facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru RAY DALIO: There is a human tragedy taking place in America RAY DALIO: There is a human tragedy taking place in America Ray Dalio is with Jamie Dimon. Dimon... The Jobs Report LIVE 6:02:39 Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Kashkari Slams Jamie Dimon’s Complaints About Regulatory Burden By admin in Uncategorized April 6, 2017 Minneapolis Federal Reserve president Neel Kashkari criticised JPMorgan Chase & Co chief Jamie Dimon over what he contends are unrealistic views on core US banking regulations.Dimon’s assertions in a letter to shareholders this week that government-imposed capital requirement for big banks are holding back lending and that relaxing them could spur economic growth “are demonstrably false,” Kashkari said in a blog entry posted to the Minneapolis Fed’s website overnight. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link While Dimon lamented that JPMorgan is constrained in lending because of capital demands, Kashkari noted that the bank has bought back $US26 billion of its own stock in the last five years. Photo: Christophe Morin “If loans were scarce, borrowers would be competing for them, driving up costs,” Kashkari wrote. “That isn’t happening.”Kashkari, a former Goldman Sachs Group banker who worked in Henry Paulson’s Treasury Department during the 2008 financial crisis, has used his Minneapolis Fed position to push for tougher bank capital rules, though the post gives him no formal role in writing US regulatory policy.Andrew Gray, a JPMorgan spokesman, declined to comment.In his letter, Dimon lamented that JPMorgan is constrained in lending because of capital demands. In response, Kashkari noted that the bank has bought back $US26 billion of its own stock in the last five years, using money that he says could have been loaned to customers. Advertisement Dimon also said the Dodd-Frank Act effectively ended the possibility of government bailouts for so-called too-big-to-fail banks. A failure wouldn’t threaten taxpayers, he argued, in part because regulators have demanded that big banks pile up long-term debt that can be turned into a cash cushion. Kashkari cast doubt on whether that approach — which calls for regulators to go … Post navigation Canberra Now: News in 90 seconds for Friday April 7, 2017 Melbourne weather, April 7: A warm, windy end to the working week before a wet weekend Search for: Recent Posts Some fine wines for your Easter table People enjoy holiday at Palm Beach, Florida Scenes of spring seen through the eyes of China’s Qing emperors Sidharth Malhotra’s next with Neeraj Pandey to be called Aiyaary; Alcatel Flash Smartphone Boasts Dual-Camera in a Unique Way Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Press Release Okta Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering Business Wire April 6, 2017 2:53 PM Tags: Business Sponsored Company News SAN FRANCISCO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–April 6, 2017– Okta, Inc. (NASDAQ:OKTA) today announced the pricing of its initial public offering of 11,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock at a price to the public of $17.00 per share. The shares are expected to begin trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on April 7, 2017 under the symbol “OKTA.” The offering is expected to close on April 12, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Okta has granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase up to 1,650,000 additional shares of Class A common stock. Goldman, Sachs & Co., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Allen & Company LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. Pacific Crest Securities, a division of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Canaccord Genuity Inc. and JMP Securities LLC are acting as co-managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Goldman, Sachs & Co., Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, New York 10282, telephone: (866) 471-2526, or email: prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com; and from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Copies of the registration statement can be accessed through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful before registration or qualification under the securities laws of that state or jurisdiction. About Okta Okta is the leading independent provider of identity for the enterprise. The Okta Identity Cloud connects and protects employees of many of the world’s largest enterprises. It also securely connects enterprises to their partners, suppliers and customers. With deep integrations to over 5,000 apps, the Okta Identity Cloud enables simple and secure access from any device. Thousands of customers, including Experian, 20th Century Fox, LinkedIn, Flex, News Corp, Dish Networks, and Adobe trust Okta to work faster, boost revenue and stay secure. Okta helps customers fulfill their missions faster by making it safe and easy to use the technologies they need to do their most significant work. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170406006349/en/ Okta Jenna Kozel King, 415-418-9600 jenna.kozel@okta.com ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wall Street doubts Trump wants to split up biggest US banks Bloomberg Zeke Faux and Donal Griffin 13 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Obamacare premiums could spike 19% if subsidies are cut off The 2020 census could blow a huge hole in the federal budget President Donald Trump and his advisers have vowed to bring back a Depression-era law that would cleave the biggest U.S. lenders in half by separating commercial and investment banking operations. Wall Street doesn’t expect that to happen. Quotes in the article Cowen Group Inc COWN ▲ 14.15 +0.40 +2.91% FBR & Co FBRC ▼ 17.60 -0.15 -0.85% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▲ 86.48 +0.29 +0.34% Bank of America Corporation BAC ▲ 23.26 +0.09 +0.39% AdChoices After chief economic adviser Gary Cohn reiterated the administration’s stance toward the Glass-Steagall Act in a private meeting with lawmakers on Wednesday, analysts said they viewed any radical regulatory changes as unlikely. Shares of Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co., which would be most affected by the rule, rose Thursday after Bloomberg first reported on Cohn’s comments. Reinstating Glass-Steagall, which was created after the banking crises of the 1930s and repealed in 1999, would require a rewriting of U.S. banking rules. The Dodd-Frank Act took more than a year of work by Congress. The Trump administration hasn’t put forward a detailed plan and the revisions proposed by House Republicans don’t involve the return of Glass-Steagall. “Anything resembling Glass-Steagall is so far from happening that it’s hard to envision,” said Ian Katz, an analyst at Capital Alpha Partners LLC. “It simply isn’t a priority issue in Congress.” The Republicans who control the House and the Senate want to loosen banking regulations, not make them stricter, Katz wrote. Read More: Cohn’s comments give Wall Street a ‘headache,’ Doll says The Republican Party made restoring Glass-Steagall part of its platform, and Trump sometimes criticized the big banks during the campaign, saying “I’m not going to let Wall Street get away with murder.” Since taking office, he’s appointed Cohn and several other former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. bankers to top posts, and said that he’ll look to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon for advice about regulatory reform. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said during his confirmation hearing that he opposes the old Glass-Steagall, but supports a “21st Century” version. He didn’t elaborate on what he meant. “If you’ve listened to all the rhetoric on regulation, we’ve no real guidance on where we are going,” said Christopher Wheeler, an Atlantic Equities LLP analyst in London. “The uncertainty is immense and what you have to believe is that things will continue as they are.” Major Obstacle The regulation might not mean that commercial and investment banks have to be separated, Cowen Group Inc. analyst Jaret Seiberg wrote in a report. Instead, the government could require that broker-dealers be subsidiaries of holding companies, rather than banks, he said. That would mean that the brokerage arm would have to be separately funded. “Cohn was the most likely obstacle within the Trump White House,” Seiberg wrote. “With him supporting Glass-Steagall’s restoration, there is no one in the inner circle left to fight it.” Cohn’s comments came in response to a question from Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat and a persistent critic of the financial industry. When she introduced a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act in 2015, Senator John McCain of Arizona was the only Republican who backed it. “Cohn’s comments certainly elevate the headline risk, but we believe it remains unlikely Congress would pass legislation reinstating Glass-Steagall,” Edward Mills, an analyst at FBR & Co., wrote in a report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Credit Markets Get email alerts Auto-credit deterioration won’t stop now, but may be limited to subprime By Rachel Koning Beals Published: Apr 6, 2017 5:06 p.m. ET Share Auto loans barely make a splash in a deeper debt pool, say observers that now include Jamie Dimon Getty Images Some sobering figures continue to brew in the riskiest pockets of the car-buying market. By RachelKoning Beals News editor U.S. auto credit will deteriorate even more in 2017. That leaves particularly vulnerable the specialized debt known as asset-backed securities created from subprime, or the lowest-credit-rated, loans, Fitch Ratings said in a Thursday report that continues the drumbeat of caution from industry watchers and economists. Offsetting this weakness are prime, or highest-rated, borrowers and established lenders who are better positioned, although they too will be affected by the ongoing negative trend in vehicle values. With this in mind — as well as the overall size of the auto market relative to a much deeper debt pool overall — even cautious observers, including JPMorgan Chase’s JPM, +0.34%   Jame Dimon, express confidence that auto issues won’t sabotage the financial system. Still, some sobering figures continue to brew in the riskiest pockets of the car-buying market. One key measure in this credit space, annualized net losses (ANL), have been trending higher. Fitch’s subprime ANL index hit 10.4% through February 2017, 7% higher year-over-year. That’s its first push above 10% since 2009. Fitch Late payments (very late). Rising ANL is a result of the seasoning of more recent loan vintages underwritten with looser standards, including lower credit scores, higher loan-to-value ratios (which means the size of the loan is often greater than the value of the car) and extended terms, as some borrowers have been able to stretch out their loans all the while that their cars are losing value. Average loan length is the longest on record, according to Experian data. Fitch believes the extension of loan terms is primarily being done in order to help borrowers manage their monthly payments given a sharp rise in the cost of new vehicles in recent years. Fitch declares an inflection point has been reached in the U.S. vehicle sales cycle and it expects annual sales to fall by 500,000 units to 17 million this year. Non-bank auto lenders are also on the rise. Fitch It’s not just banks in the auto-loan business. “This follows robust growth for auto lenders in recent years, with smaller subprime lenders aggressively pursuing market share,” Michael Taiano, director of financial institutions, and a team of Fitch analysts wrote. “As asset performance slows, rising used vehicle supply from both lease returns and increasing repossessions will drive depreciation higher, putting downward pressure on recovery rates and accelerating loss severity and loss levels,” they said. Also read: Here’s why it’s getting harder to ignore rising subprime auto defaults Prices are impacting the credit picture. The decline in used-vehicle values in the second half of 2016 and early 2017 should continue given the growth in off-lease vehicle inventory and increased incentives for new vehicles. According to Black Book USA, vehicle depreciation should rise to 18% in 2017 from 17.3% in 2016. Fitch forecasts a 5%-6% overall decline in used values this year. Fitch Price concerns Read: How much Morgan Stanley thinks used-car prices will crater — in one chart And: What happens if car sales do crash While subprime looks shakier, there are some signs of stabilization for certain other segments of this specialized debt market. Recently securitized prime auto loan ABS pools in late 2016-early 2017 have exhibited moderate improvements in overall credit quality, including slightly higher FICO credit scores and lower loan-to-value. That said, loan terms continued to be extended overall, Fitch said. Read: CarMax beats estimates on surge in used-car demand but warns on supply The improving economy should help, but that also means that an unexpected turn for the economy could leave the stretched auto-lending market exposed. Consumer household balance sheets are in relatively good health despite debt levels rising, while gas prices and interest rates remain low. Job growth is closely tied to credit performance in consumer auto lending, and Fitch predicts that the U.S. labor market will remain steady in 2017. Fitch Can the economy absorb auto-loan weakness? Certainly the vulnerability of the auto-debt sector can’t be taken lightly. But most experts, including Fitch, have been stressing what they see as limited financial contagion risk. Notably, subprime auto loans are a much smaller slice of overall subprime lending than mortgages (a primary trigger of the Great Recession). Auto loans make up $179 billion of the over $1.2 trillion subprime debt total. It’s also easier to unload cars than houses, as there remains relatively solid demand for repossessed cars, which is not always the case for foreclosed houses. Further, foreclosures can lower the value for homes in an entire neighborhood. The car market doesn’t have the same reach. Speaking at an event Wednesday, JPMorgan’s Dimon said as much, softening the concern he expressed last summer. “There’s a problem with subprime auto, which we see,” said Dimon, whose bank offers auto lending through its consumer banking division. “But subprime auto is so small relative to the U.S. debt market it won’t make a difference to the system.” More from MarketWatch Mortgage rates fall for the third straight week, approach 2017’s low U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures AMD stock plummets after Goldman Sachs says rally is unsustainable Related Topics Bonds Investing Credit Treasury Department Quote References JPM +0.29 +0.34% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. Rachel Koning Beals Rachel Koning Beals is a MarketWatch news editor in Chicago. MarketWatch Partner Center Rachel Koning Beals Rachel Koning Beals is a MarketWatch news editor in Chicago. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.48 +0.29 (+0.34%) Volume 14.1M Open $85.98 High $86.91 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 13.97 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap 307.9B
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Banking Credit Markets Get email alerts Auto-credit deterioration won’t stop now, but may be limited to subprime By Rachel Koning Beals Published: Apr 6, 2017 5:06 p.m. ET Share Auto loans barely make a splash in a deeper debt pool, say observers that now include Jamie Dimon Getty Images Some sobering figures continue to brew in the riskiest pockets of the car-buying market. By RachelKoning Beals News editor U.S. auto credit will deteriorate even more in 2017. That leaves particularly vulnerable the specialized debt known as asset-backed securities created from subprime, or the lowest-credit-rated, loans, Fitch Ratings said in a Thursday report that continues the drumbeat of caution from industry watchers and economists. Offsetting this weakness are prime, or highest-rated, borrowers and established lenders who are better positioned, although they too will be affected by the ongoing negative trend in vehicle values. With this in mind — as well as the overall size of the auto market relative to a much deeper debt pool overall — even cautious observers, including JPMorgan Chase’s JPM, +0.34%   Jame Dimon, express confidence that auto issues won’t sabotage the financial system. Still, some sobering figures continue to brew in the riskiest pockets of the car-buying market. One key measure in this credit space, annualized net losses (ANL), have been trending higher. Fitch’s subprime ANL index hit 10.4% through February 2017, 7% higher year-over-year. That’s its first push above 10% since 2009. Fitch Late payments (very late). Rising ANL is a result of the seasoning of more recent loan vintages underwritten with looser standards, including lower credit scores, higher loan-to-value ratios (which means the size of the loan is often greater than the value of the car) and extended terms, as some borrowers have been able to stretch out their loans all the while that their cars are losing value. Average loan length is the longest on record, according to Experian data. Fitch believes the extension of loan terms is primarily being done in order to help borrowers manage their monthly payments given a sharp rise in the cost of new vehicles in recent years. Fitch declares an inflection point has been reached in the U.S. vehicle sales cycle and it expects annual sales to fall by 500,000 units to 17 million this year. Non-bank auto lenders are also on the rise. Fitch It’s not just banks in the auto-loan business. “This follows robust growth for auto lenders in recent years, with smaller subprime lenders aggressively pursuing market share,” Michael Taiano, director of financial institutions, and a team of Fitch analysts wrote. “As asset performance slows, rising used vehicle supply from both lease returns and increasing repossessions will drive depreciation higher, putting downward pressure on recovery rates and accelerating loss severity and loss levels,” they said. Also read: Here’s why it’s getting harder to ignore rising subprime auto defaults Prices are impacting the credit picture. The decline in used-vehicle values in the second half of 2016 and early 2017 should continue given the growth in off-lease vehicle inventory and increased incentives for new vehicles. According to Black Book USA, vehicle depreciation should rise to 18% in 2017 from 17.3% in 2016. Fitch forecasts a 5%-6% overall decline in used values this year. Fitch Price concerns Read: How much Morgan Stanley thinks used-car prices will crater — in one chart And: What happens if car sales do crash While subprime looks shakier, there are some signs of stabilization for certain other segments of this specialized debt market. Recently securitized prime auto loan ABS pools in late 2016-early 2017 have exhibited moderate improvements in overall credit quality, including slightly higher FICO credit scores and lower loan-to-value. That said, loan terms continued to be extended overall, Fitch said. Read: CarMax beats estimates on surge in used-car demand but warns on supply The improving economy should help, but that also means that an unexpected turn for the economy could leave the stretched auto-lending market exposed. Consumer household balance sheets are in relatively good health despite debt levels rising, while gas prices and interest rates remain low. Job growth is closely tied to credit performance in consumer auto lending, and Fitch predicts that the U.S. labor market will remain steady in 2017. Fitch Can the economy absorb auto-loan weakness? Certainly the vulnerability of the auto-debt sector can’t be taken lightly. But most experts, including Fitch, have been stressing what they see as limited financial contagion risk. Notably, subprime auto loans are a much smaller slice of overall subprime lending than mortgages (a primary trigger of the Great Recession). Auto loans make up $179 billion of the over $1.2 trillion subprime debt total. It’s also easier to unload cars than houses, as there remains relatively solid demand for repossessed cars, which is not always the case for foreclosed houses. Further, foreclosures can lower the value for homes in an entire neighborhood. The car market doesn’t have the same reach. Speaking at an event Wednesday, JPMorgan’s Dimon said as much, softening the concern he expressed last summer. “There’s a problem with subprime auto, which we see,” said Dimon, whose bank offers auto lending through its consumer banking division. “But subprime auto is so small relative to the U.S. debt market it won’t make a difference to the system.” More from MarketWatch Does Trump Want Regime Change in Syria? Mike Flynn: Seeking Immunity From What? Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time Related Topics Bonds Investing Credit Treasury Department Quote References JPM +0.29 +0.34% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. Rachel Koning Beals Rachel Koning Beals is a MarketWatch news editor in Chicago. MarketWatch Partner Center Rachel Koning Beals Rachel Koning Beals is a MarketWatch news editor in Chicago. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.48 +0.29 (+0.34%) Volume 14.1M Open $85.98 High $86.91 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 13.97 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap 307.9B
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Kashkari Slams Jamie Dimon's Complaints About Regulatory Burden by Jesse Hamilton @jesseahamilton More stories by Jesse Hamilton April 6, 2017, 3:20 PM EDT Minneapolis Fed president criticizes banker’s annual letter JPMorgan CEO accused of making ‘demonstrably false’ claims Dimon and Kashkari Face Off on ‘Too Big to Fail’ Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari criticized JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon over what he contends are unrealistic views on core U.S. banking regulations. Dimon’s assertions in a letter to shareholders this week that government-imposed capital requirement for big banks are holding back lending and that relaxing them could spur economic growth “are demonstrably false,” Kashkari said in a blog entry posted to the Minneapolis Fed’s website Thursday. “If loans were scarce, borrowers would be competing for them, driving up costs,” Kashkari wrote. “That isn’t happening.” Kashkari, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. banker who worked in Henry Paulson’s Treasury Department during the 2008 financial crisis, has used his Minneapolis Fed position to push for tougher bank capital rules, though the post gives him no formal role in writing U.S. regulatory policy. Andrew Gray, a JPMorgan spokesman, declined to comment. In his letter, Dimon lamented that JPMorgan is constrained in lending because of capital demands. In response, Kashkari noted that the bank has bought back $26 billion of its own stock in the last five years, using money that he says could have been loaned to customers. Too-Big-to-Fail Banks Dimon also said the Dodd-Frank Act effectively ended the possibility of government bailouts for so-called too-big-to-fail banks. A failure wouldn’t threaten taxpayers, he argued, in part because regulators have demanded that big banks pile up long-term debt that can be turned into a cash cushion. Kashkari cast doubt on whether that approach -- which calls for regulators to go after bond holders -- would work in a crisis, saying it’s something that “almost never actually works in real life.” “Debt holders of the most systemically important banks in the United States and around the world have repeatedly experienced bailouts and likely will expect such an outcome during the next financial crisis,” he said. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Kashkari isn’t the only Goldman alumnus to disagree with Dimon on what Dodd-Frank accomplished. Gary Cohn, the former Goldman Sachs president who now heads President Donald Trump’s National Economic Council, has also said that the 2010 law failed to solve the too-big-to-fail problem. Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin, another former Goldman banker, has been ordered by Trump to reexamine Dodd-Frank rules. One thing Kashkari and Dimon did agree on: “reducing regulatory complexity.” But Kashkari is continuing to argue that higher capital can replace other regulations while Dimon said that there is already “excess capital in the system.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Cohn Backs Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
No Ads Friday | April 7, 2017 Trending Pence takes the lead on Obamacare repeal but GOP still split 04/06/17 12:01 AM Climate change hangs over Trump's meeting with China's Xi Jinping 04/06/17 12:01 AM How the Senate got to the brink of using the nuclear option on Supreme Court nominees 04/06/17 12:01 AM Legislative filibuster likely to survive death of its judicial cousin 04/06/17 12:01 AM Islam critic cancels tour, citing security threats 04/05/17 07:13 PM Congress set to leave town without Obamacare deal 04/06/17 12:01 AM Nielsen: Online news viewership jumps 33% in 2016, still growing 04/05/17 02:01 PM Another report claims Bannon threatened to quit the White House 04/05/17 11:51 PM Rising Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand is having 'constant anxiety dreams' 04/05/17 06:42 PM Trump's anti-China campaign rhetoric haunts meeting with Chinese president 04/06/17 12:01 AM Maxine Waters: Bill O'Reilly 'needs to go to jail' 04/05/17 10:33 PM Dynasty? McAuliffe's wife eyes House race, he the presidency 04/06/17 10:33 AM Koch groups: Import tax could mean much higher business taxes for some states 04/06/17 05:00 AM The reason Schwarzenegger didn't vote for Trump? Coal 04/05/17 10:24 PM Judicial Watch: Sanctuary policy protected criminal illegal immigrants in Austin, Texas 04/05/17 12:24 PM Rand Paul tells Trump to stick to his 2013 guns on Syria 04/05/17 09:58 PM Why we entered World War I, 100 years ago today 04/06/17 02:01 AM Academic amnesia: Why Is WWI disappearing in higher education? 04/06/17 12:06 AM New York Times changes headline to say Trump's claim against Susan Rice was made 'without evidence' 04/05/17 03:05 PM Jobless claims drop to 234,000, second-lowest in decades 04/06/17 08:31 AM Immigration officers arrest 79 illegal immigrants from 26 countries near DC 04/05/17 05:35 PM Pew: Frisky seniors shacking up in record numbers, cohabitation jumps 75% 04/06/17 09:21 AM Secret Service agent on Pence's detail arrested for soliciting prostitute 04/05/17 08:26 PM Karl Rove: Trump needs a 'course correction' 04/06/17 08:14 AM Sessions: Justice 'evaluating' marijuana policy 04/05/17 06:47 PM Is Trump's tough talk on immigration making his wall unnecessary? 04/05/17 06:00 PM Anti-Trump sentiment carries Jon Ossoff to double-digit lead in Georgia 04/05/17 02:12 PM Video: Here's the nastiest little congressional hearing exchange you'll see in a while 04/06/17 01:53 PM Muslim growth outpaces Christians, higher birth rate by 2035 04/05/17 11:36 AM Army chief tangles with Democrat over ISIS war plan 04/05/17 01:25 PM Trump says goodbye to endangered species protections for parrots 04/04/17 06:39 PM Republicans invoke 'nuclear option' to move Neil Gorsuch nomination 04/06/17 12:02 PM Democratic intel panel member says people may do jail time over Russia 04/04/17 06:50 PM Susan Rice's spokesperson won't reply to Trump's 'ludicrous charge' 04/05/17 03:56 PM Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council 04/05/17 11:44 AM David Axelrod to Buzzfeed: Did you publish Trump dossier to 'get clicks'? 04/06/17 07:39 AM Nikki Haley says UN ambassador texted her 'it's so good to see America lead' after fiery speech on Russia 04/06/17 06:34 PM Mistrust of Trump threatens political corrosion and rule of law 04/06/17 12:01 AM Devin Nunes to step aside from Russia investigation 04/06/17 09:48 AM Roger Stone claims Kushner is leaking info about Bannon to MSNBC 04/04/17 04:17 PM Six questions raised by the report Susan Rice unmasked names of Trump advisers 04/04/17 12:01 AM That Gorsuch plagiarism story stinks 04/05/17 01:02 PM Trump's statement on Assad's atrocities is beneath the office of the president 04/04/17 07:41 PM Reminder: We still require charges and a trial before imprisonment 04/06/17 05:44 PM Ryan says he doesn't think there will be another government shutdown 04/05/17 05:56 PM Diplomacy reaches new heights: Jordan's King Abdullah II stands on a box for press conference with Trump 04/05/17 02:19 PM Byron York: On Trump surveillance, Rice, Schiff talk but say nothing 04/04/17 11:12 PM Dana White to replace Peter Cook as Pentagon spokesperson 04/05/17 08:41 PM Obamacare uncertainty could force insurers out of the marketplaces 03/30/17 12:30 AM There was more than one unmasker, and Rice didn't unmask Flynn 04/05/17 01:18 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us President of the Minneapolis Fed says he "strongly disagrees" with JPMorgan Chase CEO. (iStock) Fed official Neel Kashkari takes on Jamie Dimon's criticism of bank regulation By Joseph Lawler (@josephlawler) • 4/6/17 4:37 PM Joseph Lawler Economics Reporter The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/HeadshotLawler_Joseph.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More A top-ranking Federal Reserve official responded directly to JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon's criticisms of bank regulation, writing in an unusually direct rebuke that the banker's claims are "demonstrably false." Neel Kashkari, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, used the publishing site Medium to issue a rebuttal to Dimon's investor letter this week that called on bank regulators to "open the rulebook" and said the problem of too-big-to-fail banks is over. "I strongly disagree," Kashkari wrote in his post, illustrated with an image of a man in a suit crossing his fingers behind his back. Specifically, Kashkari argued that Dimon was wrong to argue that banks are no longer too big to fail and wrong to say that capital levels at banks are too high. Responding directly to one banker is an unusual step for a member of the central bank, but Kashkari has demonstrated throughout his short tenure as a central banker that he is willing to push the envelope. Alone among Fed members, Kashkari explains his votes in Fed monetary policy meetings on Medium. He also has ruffled feathers in issuing opinions on matters usually outside Fed officials' purview, as when he suggested in March that the educational system needs reform. A former banker at Goldman Sachs and manager of the 2008 TARP bailouts, Kashkari also has been aggressive in promoting higher capital requirements. In November, he rolled out a major proposal to massively increase capital levels at big banks, effectively forcing them to either downsize or become less risky. While that proposal cannot go anywhere without Congress taking it up, it drew notice from the banking industry. Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | Finance and Banking | Joseph Lawler | Economy | Federal Reserve | Video | JPMorgan | Neel Kashkari Subscribe to Alerts + News + Finance And Banking + Joseph Lawler + Economy + Federal Reserve + Video + JPMorgan + Neel Kashkari Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-04-06 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/fed-official-neel-kashkari-takes-on-jamie-dimons-criticism-of-bank-regulation/article/2619581 2017-04-06T16:37 2017-04-06T16:37 Fed official takes on Dimon's criticism of bank regulation A top-ranking Federal Reserve official responded directly to JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon's criticisms of bank regulation, writing in an unusually direct rebuke that the banker's claims are demonstrably false. Neel Kashkari, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis, used the publishing site Medium to issue a rebuttal to Dimon's investor letter this week that called on bank regulators to open the rulebook and said the problem of too-big-to-fail banks is over. I strongly disagree, Kashkari wrote in his post, illustrated with an image of a man in a suit crossing his fingers behind his back. Specifically, Kashkari argued that Dimon was wrong to argue that banks are no longer too big to fail and wrong to say that capital levels at banks are too high. Politics,News,Finance and Banking,Joseph Lawler,Economy,Federal Reserve,Video,Minusextra,JPMorgan,Neel Kashkari http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-7045f687801626192eec1a3b6c1978d4.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-7045f687801626192eec1a3b6c1978d4.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News Riverwall damage evaluation must wait By Steve Vied Messenger-Inquirer 23 hrs ago 0 Crandall buys 3 acres at Fourth and Frederica Man charged with kidnapping after taking child and vehicle from home Payless store in Towne Square Mall set to close Democrats elevate attacks as U.S.Supreme Court showdown nears Concession upgrades on the way for Sportscenter Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Local Sports featured Mavs set for showdown series with RazorSharks By JOSEPH RUSSELL Messenger-Inquirer 23 hrs ago 0 Johnson's injury, weather brings mystery to Masters Mickelson searching for the magic Nicklaus used to win Masters at 46 Wildcats' Adebayo plans to test NBA waters Calendar Amazon intercepts NFL Thursday Night from Twitter Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Business web only What happened when America put a national tax on soda By Caitlin Dewey, The Washington Post 9 hrs ago 0 JPMorgan's Dimon says the US is exceptional, but 'something is wrong' The troubles at the American mall are coming to a boil Muslim culture show a hit at Children's Museum of Manhattan Man-made disaster: South Sudan's people are starving, and fighters are blocking aid The priest who healed orphans with poetry Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Serving the Seniors 23 hrs ago 0 Sacramento set to seek fire station bids MCMS students receive reality check Sacramento News Protect poultry from bird flu Chamber News Close Bloomberg photo by Christophe Morin JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon, seen on March 9, has said that "something is wrong" in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. web only JPMorgan's Dimon says the US is exceptional, but 'something is wrong' By Jena Mcgregor, The Washington Post 9 hrs ago 0 Bloomberg photo by Christophe Morin JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon, seen on March 9, has said that "something is wrong" in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said Tuesday that his closely watched annual letter to investors was written with shareholders, employees and the community in mind. But other parties might be interested in what he has to say: the White House and Congress, as the high-profile banker sounded off on policy issues in his investor letter in a very big way. "This is the first time I probably ever took on public policy as just a main theme," Dimon said in an interview with Yahoo Finance's Andy Serwer at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday after the letter's release. "I've mentioned it before many times, but this is the first time I put it down and said I'm going to deal with public policy." Dimon devoted one of three sections -- 12 of the letter's 45 pages -- to a wide-ranging policy blueprint, as well as another 15 pages focused specifically on financial regulation. In the policy section, he weighs in on topics including education and infrastructure, immigration and corporate taxes, speaking out about labor participation, spending on wars and student lending. And though he maintains that the United States is an "exceptional" country, with the world's best military, hospitals, universities and an entrepreneurial culture, the typically optimistic CEO also wrote that "something is wrong" in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. "Making this list was an upsetting exercise," he wrote. Dimon, a member of President Donald Trump's CEO advisory council whose name was floated as a possible Treasury Secretary in the Trump administration and who has contributed to Democrats in the past, joins other high-profile CEOs who've devoted parts of their investor letters this year to policy or politics. In February, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett promoted the U.S. economy's dynamism, pointing out the value of immigrants and entitlements, while General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt zeroed in on trade, warning the country will be "less of a leader in trade" while expressing hope about some of the new policies. Dimon said he thinks business has a responsibility to weigh in. Though some CEOs "don't want to do that because they don't want to be a target," he said in the interview at the Chamber, "I think it's particularly important for business today to take an active role in trying to fix the problems that this country does have." Like Buffett and Immelt, Dimon did not identify Trump by name, but wrote about policies that reveal how his views compare with the administration's. Like the president, Dimon said he "strongly disagrees" with economists who think the country is stuck with slower growth and lower productivity. For example, factors such as rising health-care costs and defaults on student loans, which aren't usually reflected in economic models, have likely hurt growth. Working to improve those issues could help the economy. He said the "regulatory environment is unnecessarily complex, costly and sometimes confusing" and wrote in favor of corporate tax reform, saying the current system "is driving capital and brains overseas." He also echoed an understanding, at least, of the populist forces that drove Trump's campaign. Factors such as declining wages, high health care costs and income inequality "all have created deep frustration," he wrote, as well as a "disenchantment" with trade and globalization. "It is understandable why so many are angry at the leaders of America's institutions, including businesses, schools and governments -- they are right to expect us to do a better job. Collectively, we are the ones responsible." In the interview at the Chamber, Dimon also spoke directly about Trump and some of his policies, saying, for instance, that Trump is right about unfair trade practices with China: "I hate to tell you, he's right. We all know that. The Chinese know it. They steal intellectual property. There's cybersecurity. There are very high tariffs for certain things." He also said he is "somewhat optimistic" on issues such as corporate taxes, infrastructure and regulations, where he thinks the Trump administration "is on the right track." Yet Dimon also cited areas that reveal where there are differences. Dimon listed "anti-globalization sentiment" -- a sentiment that helped sweep Trump to victory -- as a major geopolitical risk to his company. Trump made "buy American, hire American" a line in his inauguration speech and plans to restrict highly skilled foreign workers; Dimon called it "alarming" that some 40 percent of students who get advanced degrees in areas such as science and mathematics "are foreign nationals with no legal way of staying here even when many would choose to do so." On financial regulation, Dimon was also clear that he did not think "the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules" should be thrown out, noting that factors like more coordinated oversight and laws that let regulators unwind failing banks have made the system stronger, even suggesting the "too big to fail" problem had essentially been solved. Dimon did, however, cite rules that he thinks need to be reworked, such as creating more consistent and simplified capital standards. In his letter, Dimon dug into a host of other concerns he thinks society is facing, from infrastructure problems to lower labor participation rates to education, which he cited as particularly distressing. "We should be ringing the national alarm bell that inner city schools are failing our children," he wrote, calling for more partnerships between business and schools and more vocational training. In his interview at the Chamber, Dimon had particularly strong words, saying the nation's leaders were to blame and calling problems with the education system a "national emergency" that should be treated like World War II or smallpox. "This is a slow train wreck," he said. While there, he also admitted that he did get "a lot of complaints" from people who opposed his participation on Trump's advisory group. While he said he "absolutely" does not agree with all of Trump's policies -- joking that "Mr. Trump doesn't agree with everything he's said himself" -- he also had an answer for those critics. "Here's what I told everybody: When you get on the airplane, you better be rooting for the success of the pilot," he said. "I'm a patriot. I will do what I can to help the United States of America. And that includes helping whoever's president." × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 46° Few Clouds Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News Serving the Seniors Sacramento set to seek fire station bids Riverwall damage evaluation must wait Crandall buys 3 acres at Fourth and Frederica MCMS students receive reality check Mavs set for showdown series with RazorSharks Man charged with kidnapping after taking child and vehicle from home Payless store in Towne Square Mall set to close Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles News of Kushner's Iraq trip poses security risks Hartford family deals with son's recent leukemia diagnosis Police Reports: April 2, 2017 Police Reports: April 1 Circuit Court Man charged with counterfeiting $20 bills Police Reports: Wednesday, April 5, 2017 Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Readers Write: April 2, 2017 (2) DCHS, CVMS win national archery championships (1) Library board puts brakes on expansion (1) Hartford family deals with son's recent leukemia diagnosis (1) Answering the question, why do teachers teach? (1) Walking to the Wall: Sacramento resident hiking 700 miles to view memorial (1) Ohio County considering moving Monroe home (1) Knight's life would make a great movie (1) City leaders bearing down on budget process (1) Gabe's new owner paid $500K for building, nearby tract (1) Cars '07 Spring Dale 28ft, Clean, Sleeps Six, $6,500/obo Call 270-315-8784 $6,500 Updated 2 hrs ago Mitsubishi 3000GT '97 2 door, black, 6 cyl., 182K miles $3,000 Mileage: 182,000 Updated 2 hrs ago Chevy Camaro '10 V6, auto, sunroof, 83k mi, new Michelins $14,500 Mileage: 83,000 Updated 2 hrs ago Stocks Homes West - ONEY'S APARTMENTS 1 & 2 BDRM. Contact 270-683-9731 Jun 6, 2014 OPEN HOUSE Sat & Sun 12:00-2:00 3305 Spring Ridge Parkway Updated 2 hrs ago Southeast - 1734 Sweeney St. In the Thatch! 1,800 sq. Updated 2 hrs ago Special Sections 4-1-17 REIO Apr 1, 2017 0 Real Estate Inside Out for the weekend of April 1-2, 2017. 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation 3-25-17 AT Home Mar 25, 2017 0 All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Finance Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Fed's Kashkari says JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon is dead wrong about banks Jeff Cox | @JeffCoxCNBCcom 12 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Fed's Kashkari takes on JPMorgan's Jamie Dimon    13 Hours Ago | 02:09 Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari is taking on the financial world's perhaps most well-known and powerful name — JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, whom the central bank official said recently made "demonstrably false" statements about the industry. In his annual letter to investors, Dimon said "too big to fail" fears have been eradicated. The expression stems from the financial crisis, when taxpayers were on the hook for billions in bailouts to the financial industry. Dimon contended that banks are well-capitalized and well-regulated enough to sustain shocks similar to what happened during the crisis. Kashkari disputed both points. He said bank equity won't be near enough to help the industry in the case of another crisis, and believes regulators are still being too easy on banks. "Although capital standards are higher than before the last crisis, they are not nearly high enough," Kashkari said in a blog post on Medium.com. "The odds of a bailout in the next century are still nearly 70 percent." A Fed analysis concluded that banks should be able to able to handle a 20 percent loss on assets during a crisis. To get to that level, bank capital standards should be doubled from current levels, Kashkari said. Officials at JPMorgan did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images JP Morgan Chase Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon listens during an Institute of International Finance panel discussion in Washington, Oct. 10, 2014. Kashkari has been something of a maverick during his stint at the Fed that began in 2016. He has consistently railed against the size of big Wall Street institutions, and he was the lone dissenter against a Fed rate hike in March. Dimon indicated in his letter that post-crisis regulatory changes will make it easier to convert debt to equity during the next downturn. However, Kashkari argued that governments have long been reluctant to hurt bondholders, who tend to assume they'll be bailed out during a crisis. On the regulatory side, he said bank stress tests are only "hypothetical scenarios" that won't protect against a crisis that no one will see coming. "The most recent crisis showed that even some debt holders who had been explicitly told that they would take losses during a crisis got bailed out," he wrote. "Only true equity should be considered loss-absorbing in a crisis. The largest banks do not have enough equity today to protect taxpayers," Kashkari added. "Too big to fail is alive and well. Taxpayers are on the hook." Watch: JPM's Dimon on regulation show chapters JPM's Dimon on regulation    Tuesday, 4 Apr 2017 | 3:03 PM ET | 02:39 Jeff CoxFinance Editor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu GETTING REAL JPMorgan’s CEO admits his company has a black talent problem—and the finance industry should listen Written by Leah Fessler Obsession Future of Finance April 06, 2017 (AP Images/Rick Osentoski) Share Written by Leah Fessler Obsession Future of Finance April 06, 2017 Everything is “exceptional” and “extraordinary” at JPMorgan Chase, according to CEO Jamie Dimon’s annual letter to shareholders. But the firm has “simply not met the standards set for [itself]” on one initiative: hiring black talent. That will hardly come as a surprise to an industry that’s resolutely lacking in diversity. According to the US Census Bureau, 79% of financial advisors are white, 8% are African American, 7% are Hispanic/Latino, and just 5.7% are Asian. By some measures, JPMorgan’s diversity record is better than its peers. According to its website, among its professional US workforce, 20% is Asian and 8.7% is Hispanic/Latino. It’s also making progress on gender diversity. 40.5% of US employees are women. It promotes women to leadership positions too. Within global financial services, 30% of Dimon’s direct reports and 30% of its leadership are women. But when it comes to African Americans among its ranks, JPMorgan barely tracks better than its peers. African Americans comprise 9.4% of employees, and just 3% of executive or senior-level managers. For Dimon, this is unacceptable. He writes: “While we think our effort to attract and retain black talent is as good as at most other companies, it simply is not good enough. Therefore, in 2016, we introduced a new ﬁrm-wide initiative called Advancing Black Leaders. This initiative is dedicated to helping us better attract and recruit external black talent while retaining and developing the talent within the company.” Nearly every top US bank—Goldman Sachs, Bank of America, Morgan Stanley, Citi Group—promotes diversity initiatives. But Dimon’s explicit condemnation of this specific diversity challenge appears to be a first among top Wall Street execs. What’s more, by addressing insufficient African American talent in his coveted annual letter—deemed management gold by the likes of Warren Buffett—Dimon is assuming responsibility for the issue and its resolution. “What’s most encouraging about Dimon’s statement,” says John Rice, Founder and CEO of Management Leadership for Tomorrow, a non-profit helping underrepresented minorities become corporate and entrepreneurial leaders, “is that it appears JPMorgan is focusing on a multi-faceted approach to African American diversity; he addresses recruitment, retention, and advancement. Not all organizations will publicly communicate the importance of all three levels, as historically Wall Street has prioritized recruitment over helping ethnically diverse employees advance.” The real question, says Rice, is whether JPMorgan has the strategies in place to move the needle on all three issues; such strategies must include a clear, metrics-based definition of success, including benchmarks for how many African American employees JPMorgan hopes to employ at all organizational levels in the next three to five years, and promotion rates of African American analysts be relative to white analysts. The jump from executive director to managing director is the toughest on Wall Street, and has been particularly troubling for black and Hispanic employees. To support minority employees’ success at this notorious choke point, JPMorgan is formalizing the developmental coaching white men have long-received informally, and doing so in more creative and aggressive ways than its competitors, says Rice. This focus is undeniably strategic as the trickle-down impact of having more ethnically diverse executives on minority advancement and retention is powerful. Yet, in light of JPMorgan’s equally troubling percentages of Hispanic/Latino and Asian executives (4.1% and 6.5%, respectfully), Dimon’s explicit focus on black talent could raise concern. According to Rice, it shouldn’t. “What’s important is that the CEO, the top executive, is talking about diversity issues within a particular segment of the employee population, African Americans, and saying that they are going to hold themselves accountable to moving the needle on this segment,” says Rice. “The strategies that prove successful, as relevant, will undoubtedly broaden to other ethnic minority employee populations.” Valerie Rainford, JPMorgan’s ABL leader, reinforces this point: “When we see an opportunity where we want to do better, we’re bold enough to make the change,” she says. “Advancing Black Leaders is that kind of strategy, and we’re not stopping there. We’ll continually look at ways to help other communities within the company.” Dimon’s commitment is set. Now he’s got to deliver. Most Popular Trump invited China’s leader to his home, then bombed one of his allies during dinner Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wall Street Doubts Trump Wants to Split Up Big U.S. Banks by Zeke Faux @ZekeFaux More stories by Zeke Faux and Donal Griffin @DonalGriffin1 More stories by Donal Griffin April 6, 2017, 12:59 PM EDT April 6, 2017, 2:45 PM EDT Revival of Glass-Steagall Act ‘hard to envision,’ analyst says Depression-era banking legislation was repealed in 1999 Gary Cohn Said to Favor Bringing Back Glass-Steagall Act President Donald Trump and his advisers have vowed to bring back a Depression-era law that would cleave the biggest U.S. lenders in half by separating commercial and investment banking operations. Wall Street doesn’t expect that to happen. After chief economic adviser Gary Cohn reiterated the administration’s stance toward the Glass-Steagall Act in a private meeting with lawmakers on Wednesday, analysts said they viewed any radical regulatory changes as unlikely. Shares of Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co., which would be most affected by the rule, rose Thursday after Bloomberg first reported on Cohn’s comments. Reinstating Glass-Steagall, which was created after the banking crises of the 1930s and repealed in 1999, would require a rewriting of U.S. banking rules. The Dodd-Frank Act took more than a year of work by Congress. The Trump administration hasn’t put forward a detailed plan and the revisions proposed by House Republicans don’t involve the return of Glass-Steagall. “Anything resembling Glass-Steagall is so far from happening that it’s hard to envision,” said Ian Katz, an analyst at Capital Alpha Partners LLC. “It simply isn’t a priority issue in Congress.” The Republicans who control the House and the Senate want to loosen banking regulations, not make them stricter, Katz wrote. Read More: Cohn’s comments give Wall Street a ‘headache,’ Doll says Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The Republican Party made restoring Glass-Steagall part of its platform, and Trump sometimes criticized the big banks during the campaign, saying “I’m not going to let Wall Street get away with murder.” Since taking office, he’s appointed Cohn and several other former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. bankers to top posts, and said that he’ll look to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon for advice about regulatory reform. Splitting up the banks would be “a major mistake,” former Wells Fargo & Co. CEO Richard Kovacevich said Thursday in a Bloomberg Television interview. “When we had Glass-Steagall, investment banks were by themselves, unregulated and they were a very important reason why crises occurred,” Kovacevich said. “Why would we want to resurrect that?” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said during his confirmation hearing that he opposes the old Glass-Steagall, but supports a “21st Century” version. He didn’t elaborate on what he meant. “If you’ve listened to all the rhetoric on regulation, we’ve no real guidance on where we are going,” said Christopher Wheeler, an Atlantic Equities LLP analyst in London. “The uncertainty is immense and what you have to believe is that things will continue as they are.” Major Obstacle The regulation might not mean that commercial and investment banks have to be separated, Cowen Group Inc. analyst Jaret Seiberg wrote in a report. Instead, the government could require that broker-dealers be subsidiaries of holding companies, rather than banks, he said. That would mean that the brokerage arm would have to be separately funded. “Cohn was the most likely obstacle within the Trump White House,” Seiberg wrote. “With him supporting Glass-Steagall’s restoration, there is no one in the inner circle left to fight it.” Cohn’s comments came in response to a question from Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat and a persistent critic of the financial industry. When she introduced a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act in 2015, Senator John McCain of Arizona was the only Republican who backed it. “Cohn’s comments certainly elevate the headline risk, but we believe it remains unlikely Congress would pass legislation reinstating Glass-Steagall,” Edward Mills, an analyst at FBR & Co., wrote in a report. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Cohn Backs Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu LET’S REVIEW Four ways to give your employees better feedback, from management veterans Written by Oliver Staley Obsession The Office April 06, 2017 Steve Jobs wasn't shy about telling employees when their work fell short. (Reuters/Kimberly White) Share Written by Oliver Staley Obsession The Office April 06, 2017 Performance reviews are an unpleasant but inevitable reality of modern corporate life. Employees loathe getting them, and managers hate given them. Even as the format and techniques have evolved, with companies including GE and JP Morgan Chase moving from annual reviews to continuous feedback, the essence remains: Criticism must be delivered and received. Here are four principles all managers should consider next time they sit down with their subordinates for this dreaded ritual: Be sincere You’ve probably heard of the “feedback sandwich,” first advocated by the advice book The One-Minute Manager, where the bad news is book-ended between praise. Don’t serve that up. Venture capitalist Ben Horowitz calls it the “shit sandwich,” because all but the most junior employees can see through the technique, and recognize that the praise is offered only to make the criticism more palatable. If praise isn’t sincere, it can erode trust as much as overly hard criticism. “It’s extremely important that you believe in the feedback that you give and not say anything to manipulate the recipient’s feelings,” Horowitz says. “You can’t fake the funk.” Be useful In sports, feedback should identify performance flaws and devise ways to address them, such as adjusting a batting stance or rethinking nutrition. But in business employees are often given criticism without any remedies, says Deborah Bright, a former competitive diver and now an executive coach, in the Harvard Business Review. That’s a missed opportunity to offer constructive advice. Bright recommends soliciting suggestions for how to fix shortcomings, as a good sports coach does: “They encourage the athlete to problem-solve with them: ‘What felt off on that dive?’ or ‘What could you do to get that leg straighter or start that twist earlier?'” Likewise, she writes, “Engaging employees in a specific solution ensures they’ll get it right next time, communicates respect for their opinions, and builds their confidence.” Be candid Apple co-founder Steve Jobs wasn’t shy about telling employees when their work fell short, and he was often unsparing. But it came from a position of respect for the employee and their potential. Kim Scott, a Silicon Valley veteran, quotes Jobs in her book Radical Candor: Be a Kick-ass Boss Without Losing Your Humanity: “The most important thing I think you can do for someone who’s really good and who’s really being counted on is to point out to them when they’re not —when their work isn’t good enough. And to do it very clearly and to articulate why… and to get them back on track.” Jobs could be brutal, and his approach isn’t for everyone, Scott says. But if employees know you have confidence in their abilities, they should be able to hear it when their work doesn’t measure up. Be open Confrontation is pretty much never a productive way to communicate. Two-way conversations produce much better outcomes. That’s known by professionals who interrogate terror suspects, and it’s also true in business, says Mark Murphy, a leadership coach and author of the forthcoming Truth at Work: The Science of Delivering Tough Messages. If a manager wants their message to be heard—not defensively rejected—they should be friendly, welcoming and open to dialogue. Productive conversations start when managers “disarm themselves” by signaling they’re not angry or interested in yelling, but want to reach mutually agreeable outcomes, Murphy writes. He recommends a 50-50 mix of statements to questions. Striving for that ratio is also good way to test whether you’ve gone off track: If you’re only making statements, you’re not having a conversation. Most Popular Trump invited China’s leader to his home, then bombed one of his allies during dinner Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Jeff Snider Tags: Jamie Dimon | JP Morgan | money supply | Federal Reserve JP Morgan Also Plays in the Shadows of Money Supply (Dreamstime) By Jeff Snider Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 12:14 PM More Posts by Jeff Snider Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    JP Morgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon caused a stir this week with his annual letter to shareholders. The phrase that gained him so much widespread attention was, “there is something wrong with the U.S.”  Dimon mentioned secular stagnation and correctly surmised it was the right idea, if for the wrong reasons. He then gave his own which included a litany of globalist agenda items, including not enough access to mortgages. I agree fully with Mr. Dimon in those two respects, meaning first that there is surely “something” wrong that has caused a depression, and second, unlike economists, he is right to suggest it isn’t a permanent condition. Getting that far, however, he stops short of going to the one place where irregularity is real and relevant:  his own domain. Like Federal Reserve officials, there can be no accounting for money. This wasn’t always the case even from this particular bank CEO. One of the reasons this particular shareholder letter stands out is not only for its pessimism but also the suddenness of it. Dimon has been almost unique in his positivity, suggesting that also like policymakers, the “rising dollar” period finally convinced him of its folly. Back in October 2014, it was Jamie Dimon who bullishly stood on the American economy, though at that time it took no courage or insight to take such a position. Almost everyone was optimistic then even if most, including insiders and economists, really didn’t know why. The year was awash in confirmation bias as well as the circular, self-referential logic that so often goes with it: stock prices are rising because the economy is getting better, and the economy is getting better because stock prices are rising; the Fed thinks the recovery has arrived because banks think the recovery has arrived because Fed officials believe the recovery has arrived. In October 2014, however, there was one concern that Dimon did express, curiously one that seems left out of his current position. However, he [Jamie Dimon] sees one thing that could derail the recovery: The $3.2 trillion ($15 trillion globally) nonbank financial system, or “shadow banks.” … However, asked what keeps him up at night, he said nonbank lending poses a danger “because no one is paying attention to it.” He said the system is “huge” and “growing.” It’s actually not all that unusual that the CEO of JP Morgan would talk about “shadow banks” as if the term applied only to firms other than JP Morgan. I have no doubt that JP Morgan’s management believes that their bank is a bank and not a full part of the shadow system. It is one reason, and a big one, why when discussing “dollars” it may seem like the “dollar” participants themselves appear to have no idea about it. One reason why the “shadow” system remains in the shadows is because everyone believes it only applies to some other guy. Beyond that, the shadows are much more than just lending and mortgages. From Dimon’s perspective, JP Morgan is out of that business, having divested itself and client money of things like the former SIV Sigma, the off-balance sheet conduits that funneled resources into the housing bubble. The shadow system, however, was not a singular, temporal quirk of an otherwise traditional banking system; it was a feature of the wholesale revolution that overthrew most banking dynamics. It’s a condition that decades after it intensified remains a mystery due to nothing more than uncorrected convention about money (and Positive Economics). The shadows remain our stagnation problem, for secular stagnation is truly eurodollar stagnation, but to which JP Morgan has played an enormous part. If we define shadow banking as only relating specifically to housing bubble era behavior, then Dimon would be correct to assume the global monetary problem is somebody else’s doing. There is much more to it. Unlike some banks, JP Morgan’s balance sheet at least until 2014 was still growing, though at a much, much slower rate than during the pre-crisis period. During the past two years of the “rising dollar”, despite starting it with so much optimism, JP Morgan’s balance sheet contracted sharply in 2015, more even than in 2009, and only partially rebounded in 2016. In terms of the true guts of the eurodollar system, the fullest extent of the shadows, JP Morgan has only been retreating and in the past few years severely – including 2016. The bank is but another anecdote for restricted balance sheet capacity matching up with the non-traditional monetary indications of “tightness” or even shortage. From the individual perspective of JP Morgan, what they are doing cutting back in risk capacity is mere prudence (risk versus reward), leaving it to the outside world, mostly the Fed, to deal with whatever total monetary issues. From the standpoint of traditional banking, JP Morgan’s activities bear no resemblance to the “dollar shortage” or even the prospects for one. It is what makes this problem so intractable, because the people closest to it don’t appear capable of grasping its true nature and thus the implications of what they do (and don’t do). It creates vast dissonance, where those inside the system claim there is nothing wrong with system so that a great many outside the system, especially in the media, simply accept the claim as unchallengeable. As such, “we” spend an entire decade looking everywhere else for answers. Dimon’s October 2014 fears have been proved totally correct with but one exception – JP Morgan is not just a bank but a shadow player, too. Jeff Snider is head of global investment research for Alhambra Investment Partners, a registered investment advisory based in Palmetto Bay, Florida. Click HERE to read more of his commentary. More Posts by Jeff Snider Counterfeit Recovery Breeds False Hope for Improved Growth Was There Ever a 'Skills Mismatch' in Labor Market? Not Likely Economy Is Still Stuck in Neutral as Income Growth Stalls More Newsmax Blogs: Mike Putnam: Top 5 Cities for Construction-Based, Real-Estate Investments Megan McArdle: Perfectly Nice Policies, With Less-Nice Effects Sean Cohen: How to Buy a Diamond in the 21st Century © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share JeffSnider JP Morgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon caused a stir this week with his annual letter to shareholders. The phrase that gained him so much widespread attention was, "there is something wrong with the U.S." Dimon mentioned secular stagnation and correctly surmised it was... Jamie Dimon, JP Morgan, money supply, Federal Reserve 951 Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 12:14 PM 2017-14-06 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Says New Trade Orders Set Stage for Manufacturing Revival Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 28 comments I am totally in favor of the Trump's bringing factories and manufacturing... US Jobs Departing for Mexico Again After Post-Election Freeze Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 14 comments How long do these companies think they will make money after they finish... Ron Insana: Market Could Plunge 10 Percent on Trump 'Land Mines' Monday, 03 Apr 2017 | 11 comments Our economy has been in trouble since Clinton signed off on NAFTA and... Danger of Plunge in U.S. Stocks Grows as Auto Sales Disappoint Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 | 9 comments Who the hell can afford to by a new car these days. A new car today cost... Byron Wien: DC 'Anarchy' Could Spark Stock Market Correction Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 7 comments First, although a lot of jobs have already flowed out of the U.S., even... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan's fintech strategy BI Intelligence Apr. 6, 2017, 11:44 AM 1,007 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also THE US FINTECH REGULATION REPORT: How the US regulatory environment is holding back the fintech industry The fintech ecosystem explained Fintech could be bigger than ATMs, PayPal, and Bitcoin combined This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. JPMorgan Chase has been one of the most active incumbents in adjusting to an industry increasingly transformed by fintech, striking data-sharing deals and innovating in-house. In his annual shareholder letter, CEO Jamie Dimon offered details on the bank's fintech approach and projects. Here are the areas in which JPMorgan is embracing fintech, according to Dimon: Investing in new technologies. Dimon chalked up the bank's strong performance to ongoing fintech investment, which he said is both improving customer service and the firm's efficiency. He revealed that the bank spent more than $9.5 billion in 2016 on technology, of which about $3 billion went toward new projects; of this amount, $600 million was spent on "emerging fintech solutions" in areas including big data, machine learning, cybersecurity, and electronic trading. It seems the bank's fintech spending is distributed between its back-end and front-end, indicating a holistic fintech approach. Developing new products. Dimon said the bank is developing several new fintech products in end-to-end digital banking, digital investment services, electronic trading, and online cash management. It's also enhancing online services in its Corporate and Investment Bank and its Asset and Wealth Management divisions. This is yet another indication that JPMorgan is taking a comprehensive approach to innovation. Promoting financial inclusion. Dimon said JPMorgan is working to bring banking to, and improve the "financial health" of, neglected consumer segments. To this end, JPMorgan established the Financial Solutions Lab, which, in collaboration with the Center for Financial Services Innovation, is fostering fintechs that offer financial inclusion solutions. Dimon revealed that Lab winners to date have have raised more than $100 million in follow-up capital. Last month, the Lab launched a new competition to identify fintech solutions that help the underbanked. Through such measures, the bank is likely hoping to win over new customer segments that neobank competitors are successfully targeting. Collaborating with fintechs. Dimon said partnerships with fintechs — including OnDeck, Roostify, and Symphony — were key to improving the bank's consumer offerings. He also outlined measures JPMorgan is taking to make it easier for fintechs to work with the bank, including the Developer API Services store, which gives fintechs access to its application programming interfaces (APIs) to build more targeted services. Doubling down on data sharing. Dimon emphasized that data sharing is becoming more common, but that most consumers don't realize the "liability" they expose themselves to by giving third parties unfettered access to their records. He said the bank is hoping to raise the standard and make data sharing more secure, pointing to its deal with Intuit as a step in this direction. Like other early open-banking movers, JPMorgan is likely hoping to ensure this new, more collaborative banking model develops as much on its own terms as possible. That by now all incumbents are modernizing in one way or another indicates that adjusting to an evolving financial services landscape is no longer optional. However, while JPMorgan seems to have opted for a largely in-house approach to adopting new technologies, peers such as Citigroup are taking a different tack through projects such as Citi Fintech, an innovation division separate from the broader business. It remains to be seen which of these regeneration models prove most successful, but making the effort to modernize is essential for incumbents if they wish to remain relevant. We’ve entered the most profound era of change for financial services companies since the 1970s brought us index mutual funds, discount brokers and ATMs. No firm is immune from the coming disruption and every company must have a strategy to harness the powerful advantages of the new fintech revolution. The battle already underway will create surprising winners and stunned losers among some of the most powerful names in the financial world: The most contentious conflicts (and partnerships) will be between startups that are completely reengineering decades-old practices, traditional power players who are furiously trying to adapt with their own innovations, and total disruption of established technology & processes: Traditional Retail Banks vs. Online-Only Banks: Traditional retail banks provide a valuable service, but online-only banks can offer many of the same services with higher rates and lower fees  Traditional Lenders vs. Peer-to-Peer Marketplaces: P2P lending marketplaces are growing much faster than traditional lenders—only time will tell if the banks strategy of creating their own small loan networks will be successful  Traditional Asset Managers vs. Robo Advisors: Robo advisors like Betterment offer lower fees, lower minimums and solid returns to investors, but the much larger traditional asset managers are creating their own robo-products while providing the kind of handholding that high net worth clients are willing to pay handsomely for. As you can see, this very fluid environment is creating winners and losers before your eyes…and it’s also creating the potential for new cost savings or growth opportunities for both you and your company. After months of researching and reporting this important trend, Sarah Kocianski, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has put together an essential report on the fintech ecosystem that explains the new landscape, identifies the ripest areas for disruption, and highlights the some of the most exciting new companies. These new players have the potential to become the next Visa, Paypal or Charles Schwab because they have the potential to transform important areas of the financial services industry like: Retail banking  Lending and Financing  Payments and Transfers  Wealth and Asset Management  Markets and Exchanges  Insurance  Blockchain Transactions  If you work in any of these sectors, it’s important for you to understand how the fintech revolution will change your business and possibly even your career. And if you’re employed in any part of the digital economy, you’ll want to know how you can exploit these new technologies to make your employer more efficient, flexible and profitable. Among the big picture insights you'll get from The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry: Fintech investment continues to grow. After landing at $19 billion in total in 2015, global fintech funding had already reached $15 billion by mid-August 2016. The areas of fintech attracting media and investor attention are changing. Insurtech, robo advisors, and digital-only banks are only a few of the segments making waves. B2B fintechs are also playing an increasingly prominent role in the ecosystem.  It's not all good news for fintechs. Major hurdles, including customer acquisition and profitability, remain. As a result, many are becoming more willing to enter partnerships and adjust their business models.  Incumbents are enacting strategies to ensure they remain relevant. Many financial firms have woken up to the threat posed by fintechs and are implementing innovation strategies to stave off disruption. The majority of these strategies involve some interaction with fintech firms.  The relationship between incumbents and fintechs continues to evolve. Fintechs are no longer viewed exclusively as a threat, nor can they be ignored. They are increasingly viewed as partners, but that narrative alone is too simple — in reality, a more nuanced connection is taking hold.  This exclusive report also: Assesses the state of the fintech industry.  Gives details on the drivers of its growth.  Explains which areas of fintech are gaining traction.  Outlines the range of current and potential models for fintech and incumbent interaction.  The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry is how you get the full story on the fintech revolution. To get your copy of this invaluable guide to the fintech revolution, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the fast-moving world of financial technology. Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends Follow Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Fintech JPMorgan Chase facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan's fintech strategy JPMorgan's fintech strategy This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
2017.4.7 금 로그인 회원가입 페이스북 트위터 인스타그램 구글+ 기사제보 독자투고 광고신청 구독신청 기사검색 + 현대중공업 울산 여론조사 전체 뉴스Now 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 독자 기고 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 울산의 창 기타 정치 종합 지방의회 국회/정당 행정/외교 북한/통일 청와대 선거 기타 경제 기업 경제단체 금융/증권 유통 건설/부동산 해운/항만 농축수산업 중소기업 기타 사회 노동 환경/생태 교육 자치단체 검찰/법조 사건/사고 사회단체 기타 문화 공연 전시 축제/행사 향토문화사 문화재 문학/출판 종교 울산 방송가 김일훈의 민속을 말하다 김창일의 울산 농어촌 사계 드론으로 보는 울산의 문화재 민용기의 POP과 JAZZ 영남알프스 속살이야기 음악에세이 연재 기타 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속 풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 사람과삶 사람과삶 외신 연예 방송 연예가 영화 음악 기타 스포츠 축구 야구 농구 골프 울산체육 기타 지방 부산 양산 기타 기획 기획특집 울산이 부른다 Life&Joy 부동산 해오름 문화유산탐방 건강의료 울산야생화 탐사 기타 생활정보 날씨 행사 경제지표 오늘운세 로또 건강생활Q&A 경매 생활법률 회화-중국어 회화-영어 고용/노동 Q&A 증권 정보과학 기타 열린마당 본사알림 알림 부음 결혼 인사 모집 독자권익위원회 청소년기자 뉴스 뉴스NOW 정치 경제 사회 문화 사람과삶 외신 연예 스포츠 지방 UNIST 생명공학부 임정훈 교수팀 루게릭병 원인 규명 한발 다가섰다 “중국 사드보복 조치로 노동자 생존권 큰 피해” 청불 영화 프리즌 독주 “문재인 후보 조직적 지지는 민주노총 강령·당규 위반” 오피니언 사설 반구대 시론 경제칼럼 문화산책 현장소리 사는이야기 뉴스에세이 아침을 여는 시 데스크 칼럼 기자의 눈 독자기고 울산의창 [시론 칼럼] 울산의 인물에 도로명을 부여하자 [반구대 칼럼] 50년 뉴롯데 [문화산책 칼럼] 자연의 품은 신성하고 위대하다 [독자기고 칼럼] 어린이 교통사고, 교육과 모범으로 예방하자 포토 포토뉴스 만평 이슈포토 그래픽 카드뉴스 그시절 산속풍경 렌즈 속 이야기 화보 G4 렉스턴 옆에 선 최종식 대표-마힌드라 회장 쿠웨이트 압둘라 신도시 조감도 쿠웨이트 압둘라 신도시 조감도 프랑스 고속열차 시승하는 홍순만 코레일 사장 기획 기획특집 울산이 부른다 Life&Joy 부동산 해오름 문화유산탐방 건강의료 울산야생화 탐사 봄바람 휘날리며… 춘화(春花) 전성시대 꽃비 내리는 황홀한 울산 방치하면 요폐색·신부전증 등 합병증 여아 8세·남아 9세 이전에 2차성징 생활습관 개선·한방치료 병행 효과 한의학 칼럼-성조숙증 동남권원자력의학원장에 양광모 박사 “새로운 암 치료법 개발 매진” 영상 신문보기 상단여백 뉴스NOW '목숨 건 셀카' 18ｍ 다리위서 떨어진 美여성 기적적 생존고영태, 세관장 인사 개입하고 뒷돈받은 정황…검찰 수사 이재용 재판 스타트…"잘못된 지원 부끄럽지만 뇌물 아냐"삼성전자 영업이익 9조9천억원…2분기엔 더 늘어난다 같은 폭력조직서 활동하는 친구 살해하려 한 조폭 입건울산남구 원룸 화재로 주민 2명 연기흡입…진화 완료 세월호 무게 '돌고돌아' 1만6천t…해수부 "실제 근접7층 창틀에 매달려 도와달라 비명에도 영상 찍어 올리기만 安, 文 '安 적폐세력 지지받아'에 "국민 모독 말라" 비판신동빈 소환에 롯데 '긴장'…"성실히 참고인 조사 협조할 것" 법정 나온 김기춘 "…"·조윤선 "저에 대해 깊은 오해"김기춘에 날 세운 유진룡, 조윤선에겐 "안타깝다" 김기춘측 "유진룡, 이해할 줄…" vs 유진룡 "아이큐 테스트냐"선관위 "홍준표, 선거법 위반" 공문 발송 근무 중 순찰차서 '부적절' 애정행각 경찰관 징계文·安, 초반부터 '검증공방' 가열…'네거티브' 경쟁 조짐도 환경단체 "원인규명 안된 원전 재가동 우려"…원안위 "보수완료"[행간] "5인 5색 현충원 방명록, 번역기 돌려보니…" 독방 경험 정봉주 "구속된 박근혜가 겪을 고통들"세아이 엄마? 항공사도 속이고 남편도 속인 스튜어디스 열기/닫기 닫기 뉴스NOW '목숨 건 셀카' 18ｍ 다리위서 떨어진 美여성 기적적 생존 2시간 전 고영태, 세관장 인사 개입하고 뒷돈받은 정황…검찰 수사 4시간 전 이재용 재판 스타트…"잘못된 지원 부끄럽지만 뇌물 아냐" 5시간 전 삼성전자 영업이익 9조9천억원…2분기엔 더 늘어난다 5시간 전 같은 폭력조직서 활동하는 친구 살해하려 한 조폭 입건 5시간 전 울산남구 원룸 화재로 주민 2명 연기흡입…진화 완료 5시간 전 세월호 무게 '돌고돌아' 1만6천t…해수부 "실제 근접 14시간 전 7층 창틀에 매달려 도와달라 비명에도 영상 찍어 올리기만 14시간 전 安, 文 '安 적폐세력 지지받아'에 "국민 모독 말라" 비판 14시간 전 신동빈 소환에 롯데 '긴장'…"성실히 참고인 조사 협조할 것" 14시간 전 법정 나온 김기춘 "…"·조윤선 "저에 대해 깊은 오해" 14시간 전 김기춘에 날 세운 유진룡, 조윤선에겐 "안타깝다" 14시간 전 김기춘측 "유진룡, 이해할 줄…" vs 유진룡 "아이큐 테스트냐" 14시간 전 선관위 "홍준표, 선거법 위반" 공문 발송 15시간 전 근무 중 순찰차서 '부적절' 애정행각 경찰관 징계 15시간 전 文·安, 초반부터 '검증공방' 가열…'네거티브' 경쟁 조짐도 15시간 전 환경단체 "원인규명 안된 원전 재가동 우려"…원안위 "보수완료" 16시간 전 [행간] "5인 5색 현충원 방명록, 번역기 돌려보니…" 23시간 전 독방 경험 정봉주 "구속된 박근혜가 겪을 고통들" 23시간 전 세아이 엄마? 항공사도 속이고 남편도 속인 스튜어디스 23시간 전 상단여백 다음 이전 Home 외신 Japan can teach U.S. how to overcome national rot 페이스북 트위터 카카오스토리 밴드 메일 프린트 HOME 외신 Japan can teach U.S. how to overcome national rot Online 블룸버그 승인 2017.04.07 00:30 댓글 0 구글+ 블로그 밴드 카카오스토리 트위터 페이스북 메일보내기 인쇄하기 The U.S. is in a period of institutional sclerosis, and more people are noticing it. Even JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon is sounding the alarm. But it's reasonable to ask whether, despite all its difficulties, the U.S. is still the proverbial best house in a bad neighborhood. Many other rich, industrialized nations are facing their own long-term dysfunction. Europe is politically paralyzed, and much of that region still suffers from high unemployment. If no one else has figured out how to beat sclerosis, maybe it's inevitable? Maybe not. There is one large, developed country that has managed to mostly pull itself out of a long period of paralysis. That country is Japan. Much ink has been spilled about Japan's seemingly endless dysfunction following the bursting of its real estate and stock-market bubbles in about 1990. Books such as "The Sun Also Sets" and "Dogs and Demons," and economics papers like Takeo Hoshi and Anil Kashyap's "Why Did Japan Stop Growing?" recount the story of how the dynamo of the 1980s turned into the sick man of Asia during the 1990s. But although many outside the country seem to think that it's mired in an eternal "lost decade," this perception is now out of date. Yes, Japan's economy has a number of long-term structural problems, most significantly its aging, shrinking population. But in most areas, Japan has overcome its bout of sclerosis, and in many ways is looking healthier than any other major economy. In terms of gross domestic product, Japan is doing fine. Many people focus on the total GDP figure, or fail to account for inflation, both of which understate Japan's performance. But the country's real output per working-age population has outpaced the U.S.'s since 2000, despite the fact that Japan's working-age population has aged much more. But in Japan, practically everyone who wants a job has a job. And that understates the difference: A lot more of Japan's population is in the labor force in the first place. Surprisingly, this is true for women as well as for men. Though women in Japan still haven't won economic equality in the workplace, they now have jobs at higher rates than their American counterparts. One might think that Japanese companies are simply employing too many people, reducing profitability in the name of maintaining employment levels. There's always a bit of this happening, but even so, Japanese companies have managed to improve profitability a lot. Despite a strong currency that tends to hurt export earnings, Japan's corporations are seeing their earnings grow. Margins are higher than they've been since the Great Recession. These are the economic stats, but Japan has improved on many social indicators as well. Fertility, once among the lowest in developed countries, and though still well below the replacement rate of 2.1, has begun to inch up. Japan's violent crime rate is still legendarily low. And while the country is famed for having a high suicide rate, that has also come down substantially, falling by almost a third during the past decade. So Japan looks like a society that is healthy not just economically, but culturally and socially as well. How did it accomplish this feat, when it was mired in stagnation for so long? And why has it done better than most of the other rich countries? One factor is good leadership. After years of trying to deny problems like unproductive workplaces and pervasive sexism, Japan elected leaders who were willing to confront these issues head-on. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, though a conservative, has pushed to support working women, with both rhetoric and real policy. He has also opened up the country a bit to immigration, especially of the high-skilled variety. Meanwhile, the bureaucracy has started pushing Japanese companies to be more profitable and improve their corporate governance. But companies themselves have also made these efforts with little prompting. Waves of consolidation have helped raise profitability in industries from autos to banking to electronics. Accounting scandals may be making the front pages, but these are probably a sign that greater transparency is coming to Japan Inc. In the end, Japan is shaking off its sclerosis simply because the country's leaders recognized the need to do so. Instead of wasting energy on partisan political battles over health care or culture wars, as Americans have done, Japanese people targeted the real problems that were plaguing the economy and society. It took more than a decade for Japan to collectively realize that the old growth and social models weren't working, but once the country's businesses, politicians and households accepted that they were in a hole, they could start to dig themselves out. Just as Japan's stagnation offered a warning decades ago, the Japanese revival now offers the hope that the U.S. can do the same in the years to come. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.   Noah Smith is a Bloomberg View columnist. He was an assistant professor of finance at Stony Brook University, and he blogs at Noahpinion.   To contact the author of this story: Noah Smith at nsmith150@bloomberg.net. To contact the editor responsible for this story: James Greiff at jgreiff@bloomberg.net. For more columns from Bloomberg View, visit http://www.bloomberg.com/view. <저작권자 © 울산매일, 무단 전재 및 재배포 금지>  저작권 문의 블룸버그 다른기사 보기 페이스북 이메일 웹출판 :   2017-04-07 00:30   관리자 입력.편집 :   2017-04-07 00:17   김동균 기자 icon오늘의 인기기사 도올 "구치소 가는 朴 얼굴, 납인형 같았다" 여선웅 "신연희 유포 '文 비방' 가짜뉴스, 전직 국정원 요원 작품" "9인조 됐어요!" 다이아, 새 멤버 주은·솜 영입 기아차, '카니발 매직스페이스' 출시 '홍준표를 어찌할꼬' 선관위, 선거법 위반 두고 골머리 "> 도올 "구치소 가는 朴 얼굴, 납인형 같았다" 댓글 (200자평) 0개 전체보기 200자까지 쓰실 수 있습니다. 등록 ※ 비속어와 인신공격성 글 등은 바로 삭제됩니다. 특히, 근거 없는 글로 타인의 명예를 훼손하면 민·형사상 처벌을 받을 수 있습니다. [댓글(200자평)운영규칙 보기] 첫번째 댓글을 남겨주세요. 여백 여백 여백 회원사 한국신문협회 한국기자협회 한국사진기자협회 한국ABC 제휴사 중앙일보 워싱턴포스트 블룸버그 중국 長春日報 노컷뉴스 회사소개 광고안내 불편신고 제휴안내 개인정보취급방침 이메일무단수집거부 청소년보호정책 청탁금지법 현황 (44740) 울산광역시 남구 수암로 4 (템포빌딩 9층)  |   대표전화 : 052-243-1001  |   발행/편집인 : 이연희  |  청소년보호책임자 : 김동균 Copyright © 2017 울산매일. All rights reserved. 온라인 컨텐츠 및 뉴스저작권 문의 webmaster@iusm.co.kr RSS 서비스 Back to Top
Business National business news JPMorgan CEO Dimon says the U.S. is exceptional, but 'something is wrong' Jamie Dimon's letter to JPMorgan investors Dimon called problems with the education system a “national emergency.” (April 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Dimon called problems with the education system a “national emergency.” (April 6, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Jena McGregorWashington Post JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said Tuesday that his closely watched annual letter to investors was written with shareholders, employees and the community in mind. But other parties might be interested in what he has to say: the White House and Congress, as the high-profile banker sounded off on policy issues in his investor letter in a very big way. "This is the first time I probably ever took on public policy as just a main theme," Dimon said in an interview with Yahoo Finance's Andy Serwer at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday after the letter's release. "I've mentioned it before many times, but this is the first time I put it down and said I'm going to deal with public policy." Dimon devoted one of three sections — 12 of the letter's 45 pages — to a wide-ranging policy blueprint, as well as another 15 pages focused specifically on financial regulation. In the policy section, he weighs in on topics including education and infrastructure, immigration and corporate taxes, speaking out about labor participation, spending on wars and student lending. For Boeing chief, how cozy is too cozy in access to Trump Richard Clough and Julie Johnsson Few companies have been as successful as Boeing Co. in building a cozy relationship with President Donald Trump. The question is how close is too close. The company found itself in an awkward position this week after Bloomberg reported that Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg had listened... Few companies have been as successful as Boeing Co. in building a cozy relationship with President Donald Trump. The question is how close is too close. The company found itself in an awkward position this week after Bloomberg reported that Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg had listened... (Richard Clough and Julie Johnsson) And though he maintains that the United States is an "exceptional" country, with the world's best military, hospitals, universities and an entrepreneurial culture, the typically optimistic CEO also wrote that "something is wrong" in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. "Making this list was an upsetting exercise," he wrote. Dimon, a member of President Donald Trump's CEO advisory council whose name was floated as a possible Treasury Secretary in the Trump administration and who has contributed to Democrats in the past, joins other high-profile CEOs who've devoted parts of their investor letters this year to policy or politics. In February, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett promoted the U.S. economy's dynamism, pointing out the value of immigrants and entitlements, while General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt zeroed in on trade, warning the country will be "less of a leader in trade" while expressing hope about some of the new policies. Dimon said he thinks business has a responsibility to weigh in. Though some CEOs "don't want to do that because they don't want to be a target," he said in the interview at the Chamber, "I think it's particularly important for business today to take an active role in trying to fix the problems that this country does have." Like Buffett and Immelt, Dimon did not identify Trump by name, but wrote about policies that reveal how his views compare with the administration's. Like the president, Dimon said he "strongly disagrees" with economists who think the country is stuck with slower growth and lower productivity. For example, factors such as rising health care costs and defaults on student loans, which aren't usually reflected in economic models, have likely hurt growth. Working to improve those issues could help the economy. Jamie Dimon Christophe Morin / Bloomberg JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon, seen March 9, 2017, has said that "something is wrong" in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon, seen March 9, 2017, has said that "something is wrong" in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. (Christophe Morin / Bloomberg) He said the "regulatory environment is unnecessarily complex, costly and sometimes confusing" and wrote in favor of corporate tax reform, saying the current system "is driving capital and brains overseas." He also echoed an understanding, at least, of the populist forces that drove Trump's campaign. Factors such as declining wages, high health care costs and income inequality "all have created deep frustration," he wrote, as well as a "disenchantment" with trade and globalization. "It is understandable why so many are angry at the leaders of America's institutions, including businesses, schools and governments — they are right to expect us to do a better job. Collectively, we are the ones responsible." In the interview at the Chamber, Dimon also spoke directly about Trump and some of his policies, saying, for instance, that Trump is right about unfair trade practices with China: "I hate to tell you, he's right. We all know that. The Chinese know it. They steal intellectual property. There's cybersecurity. There are very high tariffs for certain things." He also said he is "somewhat optimistic" on issues such as corporate taxes, infrastructure and regulations, where he thinks the Trump administration "is on the right track." Yet Dimon also cited areas that reveal where there are differences. Dimon listed "anti-globalization sentiment" — a sentiment that helped sweep Trump to victory — as a major geopolitical risk to his company. Trump made "buy American, hire American" a line in his inauguration speech and plans to restrict highly skilled foreign workers; Dimon called it "alarming" that some 40 percent of students who get advanced degrees in areas such as science and mathematics "are foreign nationals with no legal way of staying here even when many would choose to do so." Quoting 'Hamilton,' Disney CEO defends advising Trump (but criticizes Trump's policies) Ryan Faughnder and Daniel Miller Ryan Faughnder and Daniel Miller On financial regulation, Dimon was also clear that he did not think "the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules" should be thrown out, noting that factors like more coordinated oversight and laws that let regulators unwind failing banks have made the system stronger, even suggesting the "too big to fail" problem had essentially been solved. Dimon did, however, cite rules that he thinks need to be reworked, such as creating more consistent and simplified capital standards. In his letter, Dimon dug into a host of other concerns he thinks society is facing, from infrastructure problems to lower labor participation rates to education, which he cited as particularly distressing. "We should be ringing the national alarm bell that inner city schools are failing our children," he wrote, calling for more partnerships between business and schools and more vocational training. In his interview at the Chamber, Dimon had particularly strong words, saying the nation's leaders were to blame and calling problems with the education system a "national emergency" that should be treated like World War II or smallpox. "This is a slow train wreck," he said. While there, he also admitted that he did get "a lot of complaints" from people who opposed his participation on Trump's advisory group. While he said he "absolutely" does not agree with all of Trump's policies — joking that "Mr. Trump doesn't agree with everything he's said himself" — he also had an answer for those critics. "Here's what I told everybody: When you get on the airplane, you better be rooting for the success of the pilot," he said. "I'm a patriot. I will do what I can to help the United States of America. And that includes helping whoever's president." Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Jamie Dimon Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase & Co. Warren Buffett Berkshire Hathaway Inc. David Rockefeller Sr., steward of family fortune and Chase Manhattan Bank, dies at 101 Trump strikes at Assad regime. What comes next? Hillary Clinton says she won't run for public office again Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 38°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cavco Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cavco Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cavco Industries, Inc. (CVCO) Position Increased by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Lowers Stake in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Lowers Stake in CVS Health Corp (CVS) Thrivent Financial for Lutherans Has $455,000 Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) 1,079 Shares in United Technologies Co. (UTX) Acquired by Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. AE Wealth Management LLC Takes Position in Starbucks Co. (SBUX) IFM Investors Pty Ltd Takes Position in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Barings LLC Has $5,638,000 Position in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) IFM Investors Pty Ltd Takes Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) ABB (ABB) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.42 3,081 Shares in Boeing Co (BA) Acquired by SNS Financial Group LLC 163,530 Shares in Celgene Co. (CELG) Acquired by Assenagon Asset Management S.A. 1,176,120 Shares in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Acquired by Norges Bank Empire Life Investments Inc. Takes Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Continues to Hold Position in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky E. W. Scripps Co (SSP) Position Cut by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Mantech International Corp (MANT) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Zoe's Kitchen Inc (ZOES) Cavco Industries, Inc. (CVCO) Position Increased by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in shares of Cavco Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVCO) by 5.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 4,560 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 250 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans’ holdings in Cavco Industries were worth $455,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Cavco Industries by 1.0% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 232,663 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,047,000 after buying an additional 2,329 shares during the period. Cadence Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Cavco Industries by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC now owns 11,292 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,128,000 after buying an additional 275 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Cavco Industries by 950.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 21,058 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,086,000 after buying an additional 19,053 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Cavco Industries by 0.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 743,779 shares of the company’s stock valued at $73,671,000 after buying an additional 2,366 shares during the period. Finally, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its stake in Cavco Industries by 6.8% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 58,629 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,807,000 after buying an additional 3,753 shares during the period. 94.64% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Cavco Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVCO) opened at 115.20 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $116.59 and its 200 day moving average is $102.21. Cavco Industries, Inc. has a 12-month low of $85.56 and a 12-month high of $121.70. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.04 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.71 and a beta of 1.58. Cavco Industries (NASDAQ:CVCO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The company reported $1.35 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.97 by $0.38. The firm earned $202.31 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $186.95 million. Cavco Industries had a return on equity of 9.29% and a net margin of 4.52%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 11.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.89 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Cavco Industries, Inc. will post $4.00 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cavco Industries, Inc. (CVCO) Position Increased by Thrivent Financial for Lutherans” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/cavco-industries-inc-cvco-position-increased-by-thrivent-financial-for-lutherans.html. In related news, CEO Joseph H. Stegmayer sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $116.25, for a total transaction of $2,906,250.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 528,043 shares in the company, valued at approximately $61,384,998.75. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 9.58% of the company’s stock. About Cavco Industries Cavco Industries, Inc designs and produces factory-built homes. The Company operates through two segments: factory-built housing, which includes wholesale and retail systems-built housing operations, and financial services, which includes manufactured housing consumer finance and insurance. Its factory-built homes are primarily distributed through a network of independent and the Company-owned retailers, planned community operators and residential developers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVCO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cavco Industries, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVCO). Receive News & Ratings for Cavco Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cavco Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance E. W. Scripps Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for E. W. Scripps Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Empire Life Investments Inc. Takes Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) American National Registered Investment Advisor Inc. Continues to Hold Position in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky E. W. Scripps Co (SSP) Position Cut by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Mantech International Corp (MANT) Shares Sold by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Zoe's Kitchen Inc (ZOES) Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Receives $44.00 Average PT from Brokerages Trican Well Service Ltd (TCW) Receives C$5.87 Consensus PT from Brokerages Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Receives $84.44 Consensus PT from Brokerages Jamie Bowman Sells 38,434 Shares of Crew Energy Inc (CR) Stock Jonathan Ilany Buys 25,242 Shares of Tiptree Inc (TIPT) Stock James C. Moyer Sells 2,000 Shares of Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Stock AQR Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) Unit Co. (UNT) Shares Bought by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 100 Shares of GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Capital International Inc. CA Decreases Position in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) AQR Capital Management LLC Sells 8,841 Shares of Luminex Co. (LMNX) Guggenheim Capital LLC Takes Position in J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Guggenheim Capital LLC Takes Position in Kraton Corp (KRA) E. W. Scripps Co (SSP) Position Cut by Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky cut its position in E. W. Scripps Co (NYSE:SSP) by 5.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 17,933 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,100 shares during the period. Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky’s holdings in E. W. Scripps were worth $347,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of E. W. Scripps by 13.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,094,712 shares of the company’s stock worth $65,106,000 after buying an additional 496,532 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of E. W. Scripps by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 15,887 shares of the company’s stock worth $253,000 after buying an additional 712 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in shares of E. W. Scripps by 0.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 267,649 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,256,000 after buying an additional 817 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of E. W. Scripps by 22.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,372,860 shares of the company’s stock worth $69,528,000 after buying an additional 788,629 shares during the last quarter. Finally, US Bancorp DE raised its stake in shares of E. W. Scripps by 2.3% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 143,062 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,275,000 after buying an additional 3,149 shares during the last quarter. 77.19% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. E. W. Scripps Co (NYSE:SSP) opened at 23.17 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.33 and a beta of 1.83. E. W. Scripps Co has a 1-year low of $12.16 and a 1-year high of $24.15. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $22.58 and a 200 day moving average price of $18.51. E. W. Scripps (NYSE:SSP) last announced its earnings results on Friday, February 24th. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.39 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $273 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $269.13 million. E. W. Scripps had a return on equity of 4.00% and a net margin of 0.84%. E. W. Scripps’s revenue for the quarter was up 33.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.24) earnings per share. Analysts predict that E. W. Scripps Co will post $0.22 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/e-w-scripps-co-ssp-position-cut-by-teachers-retirement-system-of-the-state-of-kentucky.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on SSP. Zacks Investment Research raised E. W. Scripps from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Benchmark Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of E. W. Scripps in a research note on Wednesday. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on E. W. Scripps from $16.00 to $20.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $22.50. In other news, VP Lisa A. Knutson sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.00, for a total transaction of $300,000.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 19,795 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $395,900. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder William H. Scripps sold 163,300 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.57, for a total value of $3,685,681.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 406,524 shares of company stock worth $9,230,491 over the last ninety days. 3.86% of the stock is owned by insiders. E. W. Scripps Company Profile The E. W. Scripps Company is a media enterprise with interests in television and radio broadcasting, as well as local and national digital media brands. The Company’s segments include television, radio, digital, and syndication and other. As of December 31, 2016, the Television segment included approximately 15 American Broadcasting Company (ABC) affiliates, five National Broadcasting Company (NBC) affiliates, two FOX affiliates, two Columbia Broadcasting System (CBS) affiliates and four non big-four affiliated stations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SSP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for E. W. Scripps Co (NYSE:SSP). Receive News & Ratings for E. W. Scripps Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E. W. Scripps Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu "SOMETHING IS WRONG" JPMorgan’s CEO says “something is wrong” with America—especially the $900 billion in student debt Written by Amy X. Wang Obsession "America First" April 06, 2017 What could it be? (Reuters/Larry Downing) Share Written by Amy X. Wang Obsession "America First" April 06, 2017 Jamie Dimon is worried about America. In his annual letter to shareholders (pdf) released earlier this week, the JPMorgan Chase CEO—whose yearly notes always catch the attention of the business world—found 45 pages’ worth of criticism to level at the US’s public policies. Chief among them were critiques on non-economic factors affecting national growth and productivity, such as housing and crime regulations. “It’s clear that something is wrong,” Dimon wrote. He also zoomed in on one particular source of America’s troubles: the education system. Dimon mentioned the words “school” or “education” 31 times in the letter—dramatically more than even the number of times he described JPMorgan as “extraordinary” or “exceptional”—writing that inner-city schools are failing poor students and that high schools and institutions of higher education, particularly vocational colleges, are not preparing people well enough for work. Dimon also noted: Since 2010, when the government took over student lending, direct government lending to students has gone from approximately $200 billion to more than $900 billion—creating dramatically increased student defaults and a population that is rightfully angry about how much money they owe, particularly since it reduces their ability to get other credit. There is a “deep and understandable frustration among so many Americans,” the CEO remarked. “It is understandable why so many are angry at the leaders of America’s institutions, including businesses, schools, and governments—they are right to expect us to do a better job.” While some education experts quibble with Dimon’s condemnation of the way the federal government has handled student loans, his figures on the skyrocketing amount of student debt in the US are accurate. So, too, is his claim that less-educated Americans are increasingly being pushed out of job opportunities. That point turned out to be one of the main rallying cries of Donald Trump voters last year; as US president, Trump now faces the task of delivering the educational overhaul that will be needed to create the kinds of job opportunities his supporters want to see. Count Dimon among the concerned Americans who will be watching. Most Popular Trump invited China’s leader to his home, then bombed one of his allies during dinner Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Getty Realty Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheviot Value Management LLC Has $1,305,000 Stake in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Citigroup Inc Increases Green Dot Co. (GDOT) Price Target to $39.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Price Target to $20.00 Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Maintained by Drexel Morgan & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Price Target to $49.00 Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Cut to Market Perform at Telsey Advisory Group Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Rating Increased to Conviction-Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Insider Selling: salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Insider Sells $341,757.57 in Stock Sun Valley Gold Llc Buys 170,000 Shares of Exeter Resource Corp (XRC) Stock Insider Selling: Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc. (DHIL) Director Sells $288,045.00 in Stock Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Sold by Girard Securities Inc. Girard Securities Inc. Has $465,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) GSA Capital Partners LLP Takes Position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) Viavi Solutions Inc (VIAV) Stake Lowered by GSA Capital Partners LLP Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Fred Alger Management Inc. Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Incyte Co. Cut by Leerink Swann (INCY) StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Panmure Gordon JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Price Target to $20.00 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) had its price objective boosted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $16.00 to $20.00 in a report released on Monday. The firm currently has an underweight rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Separately, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Getty Realty Corp. from a buy rating to a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Shares of Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) opened at 25.74 on Monday. Getty Realty Corp. has a 52-week low of $19.44 and a 52-week high of $26.71. The company has a 50 day moving average of $25.50 and a 200-day moving average of $24.57. The company has a market cap of $889.91 million, a PE ratio of 22.94 and a beta of 0.51. Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.25 by $0.18. The firm had revenue of $29.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24 million. Getty Realty Corp. had a net margin of 43.33% and a return on equity of 12.35%. The company’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.68 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Getty Realty Corp. will post $1.08 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Price Target to $20.00” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-getty-realty-corp-gty-price-target-to-20-00.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, April 6th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be paid a dividend of $0.28 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, March 21st. This represents a $1.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.35%. Getty Realty Corp.’s payout ratio is presently 75.68%. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Getty Realty Corp. by 10.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,919,138 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $45,925,000 after buying an additional 179,467 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Getty Realty Corp. by 9.4% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 854,012 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $21,769,000 after buying an additional 73,626 shares during the last quarter. LSV Asset Management boosted its stake in Getty Realty Corp. by 0.7% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 804,846 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $19,259,000 after buying an additional 5,293 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Getty Realty Corp. by 9.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 659,073 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $16,802,000 after buying an additional 57,109 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in Getty Realty Corp. by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 371,004 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $9,457,000 after buying an additional 1,321 shares during the last quarter. 56.64% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Getty Realty Corp. Getty Realty Corp. is a real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in the ownership, leasing and financing of convenience store and gasoline station properties. It owns and leases approximately 850 properties that are located in over 20 states across the United States and Washington, District of Columbia. Receive News & Ratings for Getty Realty Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hartford Financial Services Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cheviot Value Management LLC Has $1,305,000 Stake in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Citigroup Inc Increases Green Dot Co. (GDOT) Price Target to $39.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Price Target to $20.00 Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Maintained by Drexel Morgan & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Price Target to $49.00 Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Cut to Market Perform at Telsey Advisory Group Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Rating Increased to Conviction-Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Insider Selling: salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Insider Sells $341,757.57 in Stock Sun Valley Gold Llc Buys 170,000 Shares of Exeter Resource Corp (XRC) Stock Insider Selling: Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc. (DHIL) Director Sells $288,045.00 in Stock Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Sold by Girard Securities Inc. Girard Securities Inc. Has $465,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) GSA Capital Partners LLP Takes Position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) Viavi Solutions Inc (VIAV) Stake Lowered by GSA Capital Partners LLP Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Fred Alger Management Inc. Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Incyte Co. Cut by Leerink Swann (INCY) StatPro Group PLC (SOG) Earns “Buy” Rating from Panmure Gordon JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Price Target to $49.00 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) had its target price reduced by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $51.00 to $49.00 in a report released on Monday morning. They currently have a neutral rating on the stock. HIG has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from a sector perform rating to an outperform rating and upped their target price for the company from $46.00 to $54.00 in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG cut shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from an outperform rating to a neutral rating and upped their target price for the company from $51.00 to $53.00 in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. FBR & Co upped their target price on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from $47.00 to $49.00 and gave the company a mkt perform rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $53.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Hartford Financial Services Group has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $50.55. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) opened at 47.76 on Monday. Hartford Financial Services Group has a 12 month low of $38.92 and a 12 month high of $50.26. The stock has a market cap of $17.68 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.04 and a beta of 1.22. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $48.54 and a 200-day moving average of $46.81. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.08 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.14. Hartford Financial Services Group had a net margin of 4.90% and a return on equity of 7.40%. The company had revenue of $4.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.72 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.07 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Hartford Financial Services Group will post $4.12 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Price Target to $49.00” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-cuts-hartford-financial-services-group-inc-hig-price-target-to-49-00.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 6th were given a dividend of $0.23 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.93%. Hartford Financial Services Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 41.26%. In other Hartford Financial Services Group news, Director Teresa Wynn Roseborough purchased 1,005 shares of Hartford Financial Services Group stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were acquired at an average price of $49.72 per share, with a total value of $49,968.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 5,755 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $286,138.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 1.23% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI purchased a new stake in Hartford Financial Services Group during the fourth quarter worth $2,824,000. World Asset Management Inc raised its stake in Hartford Financial Services Group by 0.4% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 40,274 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,725,000 after buying an additional 142 shares during the last quarter. Cigna Investments Inc. New purchased a new stake in Hartford Financial Services Group during the fourth quarter worth $672,000. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in Hartford Financial Services Group by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 860,357 shares of the company’s stock worth $36,840,000 after buying an additional 7,400 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Hartford Financial Services Group by 42.9% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 2,107,624 shares of the company’s stock worth $90,248,000 after buying an additional 632,288 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 89.59% of the company’s stock. About Hartford Financial Services Group Receive News & Ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Financial Institutions Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Financial Institutions Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Financial Institutions, Inc. (FISI) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC Axiom International Investors LLC DE Sells 41,550 Shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Shares Sold by Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC Sells 5,225 Shares of Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Renaissance Technologies LLC Boosts Stake in Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Fiduciary Financial Services of The Southwest Inc. TX Boosts Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) WesBanco Inc (WSBC) Stake Raised by Fmr LLC FMC Corp (FMC) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Brokerages Set MAG Silver Corp (MAG) PT at $22.71 Brokerages Set Merus Labs International Inc (MSL) PT at $2.11 Immersion Co. (IMMR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. KeyCorp (KEY) Given a $19.00 Price Target by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Analysts Liberty Interactive Co. – Series A Liberty Ventures (LVNTA) Receives Buy Rating from Pivotal Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Andrew Wilson Sells 8,000 Shares of Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Stock VMware’s (VMW) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton BlackRock Municipal Bond Trust (BBK) to Issue $0.06 Monthly Dividend State Street Corp Has $18,775,000 Position in Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $27,961,000 Position in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Financial Institutions, Inc. (FISI) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fmr LLC lowered its stake in shares of Financial Institutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISI) by 7.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 363,500 shares of the company’s stock after selling 29,962 shares during the period. Fmr LLC’s holdings in Financial Institutions were worth $12,431,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL boosted its position in Financial Institutions by 0.8% in the third quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 9,222 shares of the company’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 72 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in Financial Institutions by 28.1% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 4,886 shares of the company’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 1,072 shares in the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Financial Institutions by 0.4% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 33,530 shares of the company’s stock valued at $909,000 after buying an additional 130 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Financial Institutions by 3.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 216,793 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,877,000 after buying an additional 6,371 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in Financial Institutions by 13.2% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 120,202 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,259,000 after buying an additional 14,038 shares in the last quarter. 61.49% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Financial Institutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISI) opened at 31.45 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $453.60 million, a PE ratio of 14.98 and a beta of 1.04. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $33.44 and a 200 day moving average price of $31.22. Financial Institutions, Inc. has a 52-week low of $24.56 and a 52-week high of $35.40. Financial Institutions (NASDAQ:FISI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.51 by $0.06. Financial Institutions had a return on equity of 10.52% and a net margin of 21.15%. On average, analysts forecast that Financial Institutions, Inc. will post $2.14 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, March 14th were given a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.67%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, March 10th. Financial Institutions’s payout ratio is 40.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Financial Institutions, Inc. (FISI) Shares Sold by Fmr LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/financial-institutions-inc-fisi-shares-sold-by-fmr-llc.html. Separately, Hovde Group started coverage on Financial Institutions in a research report on Monday, March 20th. They issued an “outperform” rating on the stock. In other Financial Institutions news, Director John E. Benjamin sold 1,700 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.84, for a total transaction of $57,528.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 21,555 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $729,421.20. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 6.23% of the company’s stock. Financial Institutions Company Profile Financial Institutions, Inc (FII) is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its business through its subsidiaries: Five Star Bank (the Bank), a New York chartered bank, and Scott Danahy Naylon, LLC (SDN), a full service insurance agency. The Company offers an array of deposit, lending, insurance services and other financial services to individuals, municipalities and businesses in Western and Central New York through the Bank. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FISI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Financial Institutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:FISI). Receive News & Ratings for Financial Institutions Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Financial Institutions Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing In the Papers - JPMorgan, eBay, Nivea, BMW Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 09:03 06 Apr 2017 Newspaper Summary The Times Takeover bid is a risk to jobs, says Akzo Chief: The head of the Dulux paint group Akzo Nobel warned that up to 3,300 British jobs are under threat in the hostile takeover approach from its PPG, its main American rival, and revealed that the British government is monitoring the issue. Electric cars provide extra spark for record sales figures: A surge in demand for plug-in battery models and petrol-electric hybrids and the fast-approaching prospect of new vehicle excise duty rates have lifted new car sales to record levels. London solicitor ignored calls to hand over papers: The Pensions Regulator has secured criminal convictions against a firm of solicitors and its managing partner for failing to provide documents when repeatedly asked to do so. Koreans join queue at The Body Shop: A South Korean conglomerate has joined the bidding battle for The Body Shop. CJ Group said that it was interested in taking part in the auction that is being run by L’Oréal, the retailer’s owner. Advertisers quit Fox show over sex claims: More than 30 leading companies have withdrawn their advertising on a Fox News programme amid reports that the television channel secretly settled sexual harassment claims made against its best-known presenter. New law forces big firms to come clean on gender pay gap: Big companies face new reporting rules that will force them to reveal the gap between male and female pay and to be more transparent about how they pay their suppliers. Horlick in a froth over cash call: Nicola Horlick has accused Seedrs, the crowdfunding site, of being “stroppy and difficult” after it threatened her with a lawsuit over her failure to stump up a promised £250,000 for her film finance business. The Independent eBay Founder Pierre Omidyar pledges $100 million to fight ‘fake news’ and hate speech: The philanthropic organisation established by eBay Founder Pierre Mr. Omidyar will contribute $100 million (£80 million) to support investigative journalism, fight misinformation and counteract hate speech around the world. Alitalia cancels 60% of scheduled flights delaying thousands of passengers: Airline passengers flying to, from and within Italy have experienced severe delays and cancellations on a day involving widespread strikes by aviation workers, with more industrial action planned for the end of the Easter holidays. Critics say new gender gap reporting rules don’t go far enough: Experts, including employment lawyers, HR professionals and campaigners, are warning that the Government’s new rules on gender pay reporting won’t do enough to tackle considerable financial inequality still overshadowing a multitude of industries. One month left to spend your paper fivers, Bank of England warns: British shoppers have just one month to spend the 160 million old fivers which are still in circulation before they lose legal tender status, the Bank of England has warned. JPMorgan won’t move many jobs from U.K. after Brexit, CEO says: The head of U.S. bank JPMorgan said on Tuesday the bank is not planning to move many jobs out of Britain in the next two years in a softening of tone on the likely impact from Brexit. U.S. coal companies tell Trump not to quit Paris Climate Agreement: Some big American coal companies have advised President Donald Trump’s administration to break his promise to pull the United States out of the Paris Climate Agreement – arguing that the accord could provide their best forum for protecting their global interests. Trump promises to burn banking regulation, Wall Street doesn’t buy it: Fresh from the failure of his healthcare bill, Donald Trump has moved on to another of the promises made at his inauguration: tearing up the banking regulations that are holding the American economy back. EU bankers in U.K., sick of location limbo, volunteering to leave: Tired from months of wondering whether their jobs will be moved or cut, foreign employees at some of London’s biggest banks are taking the initiative and asking to be moved back home, according to people with knowledge of the requests. Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms: A family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. Hungary law attacks George Soros-funded university: George Soros’ university in his Hungarian homeland is on the verge of closure after the nation’s parliament voted for legislation apparently targetting the institution. Nivea pulls ‘white is purity’ advert after online uproar: The skin care brand Nivea set off a controversy this week with an ad featuring the phrase “White is purity,” again finding itself accused of racial insensitivity over a campaign that seemed to be embraced by white supremacists. The Daily Telegraph Huawei faces U.K. injunction on smartphone sales: Huawei faces a sales injunction on smartphone sales in the U.K. after the High Court ruled that it must pay a global licence for infringed patents. Gig economy row escalates as MPs attack Uber, Amazon, Deliveroo over ‘gibberish’ contracts: The gig economy has come under fresh attack from MPs who have labelled the self-employment contracts of Uber, Deliveroo, Amazon and Hermes as “unintelligible”. Neil Woodford bats off Allied Minds share plunge as “short-term noise”: Well-known City investor Neil Woodford has dismissed a share price plunge at Allied Minds, which his company owns just under a third of, as “short term noise” which misses the bigger picture. Deliveroo opens 30 kitchens to meet surging takeaway demand: Deliveroo plans to open 30 kitchen hubs in the U.K. this year to meet rapidly rising online demand for its takeaways. Apprenticeship levy to be met with confusion by business: The apprenticeship levy which comes into force will be met with confusion and ignorance by thousands of companies. HSS scraps dividend in bid to reduce debt as loss widens: Tool and equipment rental company HSS Hire has reported widening losses and scrapped its dividend after experiencing difficulties in its core rental business. DCC makes first push outside Europe as Chief Executive plans retirement: DCC has made its first foray outside Europe by buying Shell’s liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) business in Hong Kong and Macau, as Chief Executive Tommy Breen announced he is to step down. Galliford Try abandons plans for takeover of rival housebuilder Bovis: Galliford Try has walked away from its pursuit of Bovis Homes, as the beleagured housebuilder snapped up its suitor’s former Chief Executive for itself. The Questor Column: Buy Shire – the market  has punished its big acquisition too severely: Markets tend to have mixed feelings about acquisitions. Shares in the company being taken over normally rise, of course, but investors often steer clear of the buyer on the basis that so many of these transactions fail to deliver the benefits promised. This has caused the share price of one acquisitive firm to be driven down too far, fund managers say. Mr. Pringle pointed out that Shire was expected to produce sales growth in the mid to high single digits, and earnings growth in the mid-teens, over the next few years. “We have a high degree of confidence in these figures being achieved,” he said. The firm is unlikely to be affected significantly by any attack on drug pricing by Donald Trump’s administration, he said, while the merger should lead to appreciable cost savings. Shire is also relatively immune  to competition from producers of low-cost “generic” medicines  because these firms tend to concentrate on treatments for the more common conditions rather than the rare diseases that Shire specialises in. We rated the shares a buy in July last year at £48.55 and reiterate that advice now. Questor says ‘Buy’. The Guardian Deliveroo accused of ‘creating vocabulary’ to avoid calling couriers employees: Managers at Deliveroo have been given a list of dos and don’ts setting out how to talk to the firm’s food delivery riders, using terms that appear designed to fend off claims that they are employees. Speedboat among £5.1 million of assets seized in tax fraud investigation: British and Dutch authorities have seized more than €6 million (£5.1 million) worth of assets – including luxury cars, a speedboat and properties – from an Anglo-Dutch couple accused of running a multinational tax avoidance scheme. Weak productivity leaves U.K. trailing other G7 nations: Britain’s poor productivity performance before, during and after the financial crisis of a decade ago has left a gap of 16% with the other six members of the G7 group of industrial nations. BMW strikes set to disrupt Mini and Rolls-Royce production: Workers at BMW, Mini and Rolls-Royce Motor Cars are to hold a series of 24-hour strikes at factories across the U.K. in a dispute about pensions. Lloyds reveals location of 100 branch closures as it cuts 325 jobs: Lloyds Banking Group is cutting 325 jobs and has revealed the location of the 100 branches it will close between July and October. Daily Mail Luxury fashion house Ralph Lauren shutting flagship New York store as crisis continues to sweep U.S. High Street: Luxury fashion house Ralph Lauren is shutting its flagship New York store as crisis continues to sweep the U.S. High Street. U.S. giant planning a swoop on Dulux owner Akzo Nobel claims to have rallied support of almost every one of firm’s biggest shareholders: The U.S. giant planning a swoop on Dulux owner Akzo Nobel claims to have rallied the support of almost every one of the firm’s biggest 20 shareholders. Bitter battle breaks out between a shamed Tory party donor and Argentinian billionaire over control of key industries in Falkland Islands: A bitter battle has broken out between a shamed Tory party donor and an Argentinian billionaire over control of key industries in the Falkland Islands. As many as 3,000 jobs could be at risk as Tesco embarks on latest mission to cut costs by slashing number of hours its stores are open: As many as 3,000 jobs could be at risk as Tesco embarks on its latest mission to cut costs by slashing the number of hours its stores are open. Fall in sterling and reduction in pharmacy funding sees owner of Boots post mixed results: The fall in sterling and a reduction in pharmacy funding saw the owner of Boots post mixed results. Small suppliers could be more than £20 million out of pocket following collapse of Agent Provocateur: Small suppliers could be more than £20 million out of pocket following the collapse of Agent Provocateur. Official documents show the lingerie seller owes £20.7 million to unsecured creditors while just £600,000 of this is likely to be repaid. Daily Express GBP/U.S.D climbing on mixed U.S. data: The pound was able to creep back towards $1.25 against the U.S. dollar on Wednesday as U.K. data impressed, U.S. data missed the mark and Trump concerns persisted. Just one in five of Britons expect to stop work by 65: Only one in five workers believe they will be able to begin retirement when they reach the age of 65, research has shown. Help for families hit by death duty - but there’s a catch: Families will have more protection from dreaded death tax thanks to changes taking effect in the 2017/18 tax year - however there are a couple of catches to watch out for. Scotland’s economy shrinks in 2016 as Sturgeon wastes time on relentless independence bid: Scotland’s economy shrank by 0.2% in the final quarter of 2016, in another devastating blow to Nicola’s Sturgeon’s campaign for independence. Dow Jones stocks rise ahead of Trump’s meeting with China’s Xi Jinping: America’s top stock index the Dow Jones jumped by around 0.7% at the open, ahead of a key meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping. The Scottish Herald Initiative set up to help oil workers: An entrepreneurship initiative established to harness the experience, knowledge and innovation of senior oil and gas professionals who are either facing redundancy, or have been made redundant, is set to be launched in Aberdeen. Braid Logistics profits up as Crown Office case settled: Braid Logistics, the transporter of liquid food, has upped profits to £1.1 million from £700,000 as revenue for the year to June 30 fell by £600,000 to £39.4 million. Financial firms to embrace fintech: Almost half of U.K. financial services companies are planning to make a fintech acquisition in the next five years, with almost two-thirds believing they will lose a significant proportion of revenues to standalone financial technology (fintech) firms if they do not. Revaluation of assets a boon for I&H Brown: Perth civil engineering and waste disposal business I&H Brown saw its pre-tax profits more than triple last year thanks to a significant revaluation of its property assets. Job fears deepen as Wood finds more Amec synergies: Cost savings resulting from John Wood Group’s acquisition of engineering and project management group Amec Foster Wheeler have been revised up by £40 million to £150 million per year, leading to fears of further job cuts. Clydesdale Bank launches lab so customers can “take back control of finances”: Clydesdale Bank owner CYBG is launching a lab in one of London’s wealthiest districts to allow customers to have a direct input in the future products it offers and technologies it develops. Numbers slip at Distell as firm focuses on core range: Profit before tax at whisky firm Distell International fell by 13% to £7.9 million, but exceeded expectations. Black & Lizars makes play to become leading nocturnal lenses firm: Optical group Black & Lizars is to take on the nocturnal lenses patient book of Jack Brown’s Glasgow practice in its first acquisition under the leadership of Michelle Le Prevost. Services growth speeds up amid cost pressures: U.K. services growth accelerated to its fastest pace in three months in March, having slowed significantly in February, while firms hiked prices at the sharpest rate since September 2008 as sterling’s post-Brexit vote weakness fuelled costs. The Scotsman Bumper car sales could prove short-lived: March was a record month for Britain’s new car market, industry figures have revealed, but sweeping tax changes are likely to lead to a bumpy road ahead. Tech firms in Scotland urged to complete industry survey: Tech firms based in Scotland are being urged to take part in an industry survey that could offer unique insights into the growing sector. Fears over nationwide ripple effect from film studio decision: Environmental campaigners say communities across the country should be fearful after the Scottish Government overturned the advice of its own reporter and approved a £250 million film studio on the outskirts of Edinburgh. Graham & Sibbald inks deal for Seymour & Co: Chartered surveying firm Graham & Sibbald has acquired Stirling-based commercial property agency Seymour & Co for an undisclosed sum. High tech kit puts stats in sight for all golfers: Shot Scope is the golf technology product that inspired former pro-golfer Gavin Dear to return to an industry he thought he had left behind. City A.M. Norwegian ramps up transatlantic offensive with low-cost flights from Gatwick Airport to Seattle and Denver from £199: Low-cost challenger Norwegian has pushed on with its transatlantic focus, announcing the launch of new low-cost flights to Seattle and Denver from Gatwick Airport. Investec provides £47 million for student accommodation in east London: Investec has put forward £47.6 million of funding towards a student accommodation scheme in east London. Unions call for clarity on the future of the Moorside nuclear reactor while Kepco shows caution over NuGen deal with Toshiba: Unions have called for clarity in the future of the Moorside nuclear reactor as sources say South Korea’s Kepco, the most likely buyer, is in no hurry to seal the deal. U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission Chief backs City of London retaining euro clearing crown: The City has received backing from the U.S. as European politicians call for euro clearing activities to be moved from London and into the eurozone. JP Morgan upgrades U.K. growth forecasts as economy sustains strong momentum: U.S. banking giant JP Morgan has upgraded its forecasts for growth as the U.K. economy sustained its momentum from the end of 2016. Crossrail engineer Costain picks up £6 million TfL contract to plan the revamp of London’s A40 Westway: Costain, the Crossrail and Channel Tunnel engineer, has won a £6 million Transport for London (TfL) contract to plan the revamp of London’s A40 Westway. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any  research has been produced by an independent third party provider.  Further details can be provided on request.  Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report.  However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report.  This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete.  The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell.  The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report.  Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions.  Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down.  Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.   Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss.   No investment advice The Company is a publisher and is not registered with or authorised by the Financial Services Authority (FSA). You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter. You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate. From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.   RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing http://www.guardianstockbrokers.com Newspaper Briefing informs you of what is happening in the news before the market opens. We believe our Newspaper Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Newspaper Briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets finished higher yesterday, after data indicated that UK services PMI rose more than expected in March Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:56 06 Apr 2017 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished higher yesterday, after data indicated that UK services PMI rose more than expected in March, led by business-activity growth. Amec Foster Wheeler added 2.3%, after John Wood Group, up 2.7%, lifted expectations of annual savings by another £40.0 million as part of its agreed merger with the former. BHP Billiton gained 1.8%, after stating that force majeure had been declared for shipments from its Aussie coal mines in Queensland state. Peers, Anglo American, Glencore and Antofagasta advanced 0.2%, 0.6% and 1.6%, respectively. DCC edged 1.8% up, after the company agreed to acquire Royal Dutch Shell’s liquefied petroleum gas business in Hong Kong and Macau for about £120.0 million. On the contrary, Allied Minds sank 29.1%, as the company is expected to take a $146.6 million write-down on the value of seven of its subsidiaries as part of restructuring efforts. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.1%, to close at 7,331.7, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.3%, to settle at 19,069.3. US Market Snapshot US markets closed in negative territory yesterday, after the US Federal Reserve (Fed) minutes showed that policy makers could make planned changes in the bond investment policy of the central bank later this year. Walgreens Boots Alliance declined 1.6%, after the drug store chain reported lower than expected results for the second quarter. On the upside, Panera Bread surged 14.2%, after it agreed to be acquired by privately held JAB Holding for about $7.5 billion. Under Armour added 1.6%, after a leading broker took a bullish call on the company and advised buying the company’s stock. Monsanto rose 0.5%, following its upbeat results for the second quarter and it offered a positive outlook for fiscal 2017. The S&P 500 slipped 0.3%, to settle at 2,353.0. The DJIA shed 0.2%, to settle at 20,648.2, while the NASDAQ slid 0.6%, to close at 5,864.5. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed lower yesterday. Skanska and Fortum plunged 4.5% and 10.3%, respectively, as they went ex-dividend. JCDecaux lost 3.9%, following a broker downgrade on the stock to ‘Neutral’ from ‘Overweight’. On the brighter side, ISS climbed 4.0%, after it decided to buy US catering firm, Guckenheimer, for a consideration of DKK1.5 billion. Alfa Laval rose 2.8%, after it bagged a SEK125.0 million order for marine exhaust gas cleaning systems. Energy majors, Total, Repsol and TechnipFMC gained 0.5%, 1.8% and 2.0%, respectively. Syngenta advanced 0.9%, after ChemChina won EU antitrust approval for its $43.0 billion acquisition bid for the Swiss firm. The FTSEurofirst 300 index declined marginally, to close at 1,497.6. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 slid 0.5%, to close at 12,217.5, while the French CAC-40 shed 0.2%, to settle at 5,091.9. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading weaker this morning, tracking overnight losses on Wall Street, after the Fed revealed its decision to unwind its balance sheet later this year. In Japan, exporters, Canon, Panasonic and Sony have dropped 1.1%, 1.6% and 2.6%, respectively, amid a stronger Japanese Yen. Financial firms, Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group have fallen 1.5% and 1.8%, respectively. In Hong Kong, China Unicom Hong Kong has shed 1.7%, on the back of news that the company is poised to take on board a strategic private sector investor. In South Korea, carmakers, Kia Motors and Hyundai Motor have declined 0.4% and 1.3%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 1.4% lower at 18,597.5. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.5% down at 24,288.9, while the Kospi index is trading 0.5% lower at 2,149.4.+ Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Smith & Nephew, Leeds Building Society 13 3/8% Bearing Shares, Scottish American Inv Company EGMs Private & Commercial Finance Final Ex-Dividend Date 4Imprint Group, 888 Holdings, Amiad Water Systems Ltd, Amino Technologies, Aviva, BBA Aviation, Berendsen, Costain Group, Elecosoft, Fisher (James) & Sons, Franchise Brands, GKN, HGCapital Trust, Hikma Pharmaceuticals, IMI, Ladbrokes Coral Group, Lighthouse Group, Lloyds Banking Group, Melrose Industries, Moneysupermarket.com Group, Nichols, Octopus Titan VCT, Paddy Power Betfair, Pearson, Quartix Holdings, Rentokil Initial, Rotork, Sanne Group, Schroder Asian Total Return Investment Company, Shore Capital Group Ltd., St James's Place, Stadium Group, Telit Communications, Ultra Electronics Holdings, Vesuvius, Virgin Money Holdings (UK), Wood Group (John) Final Dividend Payment Date Athelney Trust, Electronic Data Processing, Lakehouse, Rio Tinto Interim Ex-Dividend Date Aberdeen Smaller Companies Income Trust, Animalcare Group, Begbies Traynor Group, Bioventix, F&C Commercial Property Trust Ltd., Finsbury Growth & Income Trust, Foresight Solar Fund Limited, Henderson EuroTrust, Henderson High Income Trust, JPMorgan Income & Capital Inv Trust, Kings Arms Yard VCT, Lowland Investment Co, Martin Currie Global Portfolio Trust, Marwyn Value Investors Limited, Murray International Trust, Photo-Me International, Produce Investments, RIT Capital Partners, Schroder Oriental Income Fund Ltd., Shires Income, Smith (DS), Smiths Group, St Ives, Tiso Blackstar Group SE (DI), Tracsis, Troy Income & Growth Trust, Wolseley Interim Dividend Payment Date Chelverton Small Companies Dividend Trust, Diageo, Galliford Try, HSBC Holdings, Joules Group, Park Group, Revolution Bars Group, Ricardo, South32 Limited (DI), Thorpe (F.W.) Special Dividend Payment Date Independent Inv Trust Special Ex-Dividend Payment Date 888 Holdings, Electra Private Equity, F & C UK High Income Trust, Lloyds Banking Group, Next, Paddy Power Betfair, Quartix Holdings Quarterly Payment Date Total SA Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date Aberdeen Diversified Income and Growth Trust, Blue Capital Global Reinsurance Fund Ltd (DI), F & C UK High Income Trust, Marsh & Mclennan Cos Inc., Mercantile Investment Trust (The), Primary Health Properties, Schroder Income Growth Fund, SQN Asset Finance Income Fund Limited, The SME Loan Fund Trading Announcements BTG, easyJet, Ferrexpo, Mothercare, Motorpoint, Electrocomponents   Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Driver Group, Banco Santander S.A. Final Dividend Payment Date Crest Nicholson Holdings, Jupiter Fund Management, Safestore Holdings, XLMedia Interim Dividend Payment Date AdEPT Telecom, Alumasc Group, Ashmore group, Croma Security Solutions Group, Dechra Pharmaceuticals, ECO Animal Health Group, Edge Performance VCT 'I' Shares, Edge Performance VCT G Shares, F&C Managed Portfolio Trust Income Shares, Foresight Solar & Infrastructure VCT, Hargreaves Services, Hays, JPMorgan European Inv Trust Growth Shares, JPMorgan European Investment Trust, JPMorgan Global Growth & Income, London Finance & Investment Group, Mid Wynd International Inv Trust, MJ Gleeson, Oxford Instruments, PZ Cussons, Ranger Direct Lending Fund, Renishaw, Standard Life UK Smaller Companies Trust, Stobart Group Ltd., VPC Specialty Lending Investments, Wilmington Special Dividend Payment Date Jupiter Fund Management Quarterly Payment Date Land Securities Group   Key Economic News UK services PMI climbed in March In the UK, the services PMI recorded a rise to 55.00 in March, higher than market expectations of an advance to 53.40. In the previous month, the services PMI had recorded a level of 53.30. UK new car registrations rose in March On an annual basis, new car registrations advanced 8.40% in March, in the UK. In the previous month, new car registrations had registered a drop of 0.30%. UK official reserves rose in March Official reserves in the UK advanced $77.00 million, in March. Official reserves had recorded a rise of $360.00 million in the prior month. Euro-zone services PMI rose in March In the Euro-zone, the final services PMI recorded a rise to 56.00 in March, lower than market expectations of a rise to a level of 56.50. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise to 56.50. In the prior month, services PMI had registered a reading of 55.50. Euro-zone composite PMI climbed in March The final composite PMI in the Euro-zone advanced to 56.40 in March, compared to market expectations of an advance to a level of 56.70. In the previous month, composite PMI had registered a reading of 56.00. The preliminary figures had recorded an advance to 56.70. German services PMI advanced in March The final services PMI registered a rise to 55.60 in Germany, in March, at par with market expectations. Services PMI had recorded a reading of 54.40 in the prior month. The preliminary figures had also recorded a rise to 55.60. French services PMI rose in March In March, the final services PMI climbed to 57.50 in France, lower than market expectations of an advance to 58.50. Services PMI had recorded a level of 56.40 in the previous month. The preliminary figures had recorded a rise to 58.50. Italian services PMI dropped surprisingly in March In March, the services PMI in Italy eased unexpectedly to 52.90, lower than market expectations of an advance to a level of 54.30. The services PMI had recorded a level of 54.10 in the previous month. Spanish services PMI eased in March The services PMI dropped to 57.40 in March, in Spain, at par with market expectations. The services PMI had registered a reading of 57.70 in the prior month. Balance sheet reduction could start late 2017, indicates Fed minutes The Federal Reserve’s (Fed) March meeting minutes showed that policymakers are contemplating to reduce the $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year. However, there did not appear to be much of an agreement yet on the pace or scope of the adjustment. US mortgage applications slid in the last week Mortgage applications recorded a drop of 1.60% on a weekly basis, in the week ended 31 March 2017, in the US. Mortgage applications had dropped 0.80% in the prior week. Private sector employment in the US increased in March In the US, the private sector employment registered a rise of 263.00 K in March, higher than market expectations of an advance of 185.00 K. The private sector employment had recorded a revised increase of 245.00 K in the previous month. US Markit composite PMI slid in March The final Markit composite PMI in the US recorded a drop to 53.00 in March. Markit composite PMI had recorded a reading of 54.10 in the prior month. The preliminary figures had indicated a drop to 53.20. US Markit services PMI eased in March The final Markit services PMI in the US dropped to 52.80 in March, compared to market expectations of a drop to 53.10. The preliminary figures had indicated a fall to 52.90. In the previous month, Markit services PMI had registered a level of 53.80. US non-manufacturing PMI dropped in March In March, the non-manufacturing PMI in the US recorded a drop to 55.20, compared to a level of 57.60 in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the non-manufacturing PMI to drop to 57.00. Foreign investors turned net buyers of Japanese stocks in the previous week Foreign investors turned net buyers of ¥584.50 billion worth of Japanese stocks in the week ended 31 March 2017, as compared to being net sellers of ¥754.30 billion worth of Japanese stocks in the prior week. Japanese investors turned net buyers of foreign bonds in the previous week Japanese investors turned net buyers of ¥1099.80 billion worth of foreign bonds in the week ended 31 March 2017, from being net sellers of a revised ¥146.80 billion worth of foreign bonds in the prior week. Foreign investors turned net buyers of Japanese bonds in the previous week Foreign investors turned net buyers of ¥890.00 billion worth of Japanese bonds in the week ended 31 March 2017, as compared to being net sellers of ¥1923.70 billion worth of Japanese bonds in the previous week. Japanese investors turned net buyers of foreign stocks in the previous week Japanese investors turned net buyers of ¥335.40 billion worth of foreign stocks in the week ended 31 March 2017, as compared to being net sellers of ¥294.00 billion worth of foreign stocks in the previous week. Chinese Caixin/Markit manufacturing PMI index dropped in March Caixin/Markit manufacturing PMI index in China fell to a level of 52.20 in March, higher than market expectations of a fall to 51.70. Caixin/Markit manufacturing PMI index had registered a revised reading of 52.60 in the previous month. Chinese Caixin/Markit services PMI index declined in March The Caixin/Markit services PMI index eased to 52.20 in March, in China, compared to a reading of 52.60 in the prior month. Chinese Caixin composite PMI declined in March In March, Caixin composite PMI in China eased to 52.10. In the previous month, Caixin composite PMI had recorded a reading of 52.60. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amedisys Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amedisys Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GTT Communications Inc (GTT) Position Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $870,000 in AeroVironment, Inc. (AVAV) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Invests $883,000 in Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Amedisys Inc (AMED) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Sells 1,620 Shares of PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) Kimball Electronics Inc (KE) Stake Raised by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Managed Duration Invtmt Grd Mun Fund (MZF) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 11th Advent Claymore Convertible Sec & Inc Fd (AVK) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.09 on April 28th Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for AmTrust Financial Services Inc Decreased by FBR & Co (AFSI) Advent Claymore Convertible Securities and Income Fund of Beneficial Interest (AGC) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.05 on April 28th Intel Corp (INQ) Given a $40.00 Price Target at Macquarie Roth Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Revolution Lighting Technologies Inc (RVLT) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Upgraded to “Buy” by Seaport Global Securities Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Upgraded to “Buy” by Seaport Global Securities Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in Amedisys Inc (AMED) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in Amedisys Inc (NASDAQ:AMED) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund purchased 20,420 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $870,000. Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. TimesSquare Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Amedisys during the third quarter worth $19,359,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Amedisys by 6.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,032,314 shares of the company’s stock worth $96,413,000 after buying an additional 119,553 shares in the last quarter. Kalmar Investments Inc. DE acquired a new position in Amedisys during the third quarter worth $12,731,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in Amedisys by 13.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 1,129,468 shares of the company’s stock worth $53,582,000 after buying an additional 132,385 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Amedisys by 68.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 44,609 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,116,000 after buying an additional 18,110 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 94.88% of the company’s stock. Amedisys Inc (NASDAQ:AMED) opened at 50.89 on Thursday. Amedisys Inc has a 1-year low of $34.58 and a 1-year high of $55.16. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $49.90 and its 200 day moving average price is $45.46. The firm has a market cap of $1.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 46.26 and a beta of 1.43. Amedisys (NASDAQ:AMED) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. The company reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.39 by $0.05. The firm earned $366.30 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $368.14 million. Amedisys had a return on equity of 11.94% and a net margin of 2.93%. Amedisys’s revenue was up 8.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.40 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Amedisys Inc will post $2.02 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/russell-investments-group-ltd-takes-position-in-amedisys-inc-amed.html. A number of equities analysts have recently weighed in on AMED shares. Jefferies Group LLC set a $50.00 price target on Amedisys and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Craig Hallum set a $60.00 price target on Amedisys and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research cut Amedisys from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Mizuho increased their price target on Amedisys from $33.00 to $50.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Benchmark Co. started coverage on Amedisys in a report on Friday, January 27th. They set a “hold” rating and a $50.00 price target for the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $54.50. About Amedisys Amedisys, Inc (Amedisys) is a provider of home health and hospice services. The Company offers home health services to the chronic, co-morbid, aging American population. The Company operates through three segments: home health, hospice and personal care. The Company’s home health segment delivers a range of services in the homes of individuals recovering from surgery, have a chronic disability or terminal illness or need assistance with completing important personal tasks. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AMED? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Amedisys Inc (NASDAQ:AMED). Receive News & Ratings for Amedisys Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amedisys Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bellway plc (BWY) PT Raised to GBX 3,032 at Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates GBX 330 Price Target for BT Group plc (BT.A) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give BT Group plc (BT.A) a GBX 360 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Aegis Reaffirms Buy Rating for Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Barclays PLC (BARC) a GBX 250 Price Target Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.45 Per Share Attraqt Group PLC (ATQT) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Hold Caleres Inc (CAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rafferty Capital Markets Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates GBX 330 Price Target for BT Group plc (BT.A) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 330 ($4.12) price target on BT Group plc (LON:BT.A) in a report published on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the communications services company’s stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on BT.A. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 360 ($4.49) price objective on shares of BT Group plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG restated a sell rating and issued a GBX 275 ($3.43) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 400 ($4.99) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating and issued a GBX 475 ($5.93) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Monday. Finally, BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 330 ($4.12) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 388.16 ($4.85). ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates GBX 330 Price Target for BT Group plc (BT.A)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-gbx-330-price-target-for-bt-group-plc-bt-a.html. In related news, insider Alison Wilcox acquired 12,925 shares of BT Group plc stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 307 ($3.83) per share, with a total value of £39,679.75 ($49,531.58). Also, insider Gavin Patterson acquired 47,404 shares of BT Group plc stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 307 ($3.83) per share, for a total transaction of £145,530.28 ($181,663.06). Over the last three months, insiders have acquired 65,479 shares of company stock worth $20,519,203. About BT Group plc Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Archrock Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) to “Buy” Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) to “Buy” Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Tesla Inc (TSLA) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Scotiabank reissued their hold rating on shares of Archrock Inc (NYSE:AROC) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. They currently have a $16.00 price target on the stock. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Archrock in a report on Friday, January 6th. They issued a neutral rating and a $13.00 price objective for the company. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Archrock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $12.46. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) opened at 12.45 on Friday. Archrock has a 12 month low of $5.60 and a 12 month high of $16.40. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $13.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $13.33. The stock’s market cap is $878.20 million. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported ($0.06) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.03. Archrock had a negative return on equity of 1.48% and a negative net margin of 17.11%. The business earned $152 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $156.60 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.08 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 19.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Archrock will post ($0.08) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/archrock-inc-aroc-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-scotiabank.html. In other Archrock news, insider D Bradley Childers sold 18,488 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total value of $244,596.24. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 647,986 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,572,854.78. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CFO David S. Miller sold 3,265 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total value of $43,195.95. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 123,971 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,640,136.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 26,694 shares of company stock valued at $353,076. Company insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Chai Trust Co. LLC acquired a new stake in Archrock during the fourth quarter valued at $21,318,000. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Archrock during the fourth quarter valued at $17,843,000. Numeric Investors LLC boosted its stake in Archrock by 188.6% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 1,923,098 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,385,000 after buying an additional 1,256,792 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Archrock by 50.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,453,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,005,000 after buying an additional 489,098 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Gotham Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Archrock by 122.7% in the third quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC now owns 841,935 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,013,000 after buying an additional 463,820 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 89.93% of the company’s stock. Archrock Company Profile Archrock, Inc is a natural gas contract operations services company. The Company also provides natural gas compression services to customers in the oil and natural gas industry throughout the United States and supplies aftermarket services to customers that own compression equipment in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Archrock Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Archrock Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) to “Buy” Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) to “Buy” Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Tesla Inc (TSLA) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Scotiabank reissued their hold rating on shares of Archrock Inc (NYSE:AROC) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. They currently have a $16.00 price target on the stock. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Archrock in a report on Friday, January 6th. They issued a neutral rating and a $13.00 price objective for the company. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Archrock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $12.46. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) opened at 12.45 on Friday. Archrock has a 12 month low of $5.60 and a 12 month high of $16.40. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $13.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $13.33. The stock’s market cap is $878.20 million. Archrock (NYSE:AROC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported ($0.06) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.03) by $0.03. Archrock had a negative return on equity of 1.48% and a negative net margin of 17.11%. The business earned $152 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $156.60 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.08 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 19.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Archrock will post ($0.08) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/archrock-inc-aroc-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-scotiabank-2.html. In other Archrock news, insider D Bradley Childers sold 18,488 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total value of $244,596.24. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 647,986 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,572,854.78. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CFO David S. Miller sold 3,265 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total value of $43,195.95. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 123,971 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,640,136.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 26,694 shares of company stock valued at $353,076. Company insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Chai Trust Co. LLC acquired a new stake in Archrock during the fourth quarter valued at $21,318,000. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Archrock during the fourth quarter valued at $17,843,000. Numeric Investors LLC boosted its stake in Archrock by 188.6% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 1,923,098 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,385,000 after buying an additional 1,256,792 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Archrock by 50.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,453,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $19,005,000 after buying an additional 489,098 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Gotham Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Archrock by 122.7% in the third quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC now owns 841,935 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,013,000 after buying an additional 463,820 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 89.93% of the company’s stock. Archrock Company Profile Archrock, Inc is a natural gas contract operations services company. The Company also provides natural gas compression services to customers in the oil and natural gas industry throughout the United States and supplies aftermarket services to customers that own compression equipment in the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Archrock Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Archrock Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More Tonight 1° to 4° Tomorrow 11° to 15° Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog News Business Brexit Bites Technology Markets Economy Analysis JPMorgan shareholders to vote again on separate chairman and CEO Updated / Thursday, 6 Apr 2017 08:25 JP Morgan Chase's CEO and Chairman Jamie Dimon facing vote on dual role JPMorgan Chase & Co shareholders will again vote on a proposal calling for the board to select a chairman who is not the company's chief executive. This is according to a proxy statement filed last night for the company's annual meeting on May 16.  The board said in the proxy that it is against the measure, which was proposed by a shareholder who contends that good corporate governance requires an independent chairman.  The board and current Chairman and Chief Executive Jamie Dimon have defeated similar proposals in the past.  A year ago, a similar proposal received only 32.6% of votes cast at the annual meeting of the company, which is the biggest US bank by assets.  The biggest share the measure has won recently was 40% in 2012.  Bank of America, the second-biggest US bank, also has one person who is both chairman and chief executive and will hold a vote on a similar shareholder proposal on April 26.  Wells Fargo & Co and Citigroup, the third and fourth biggest US banks, have different people in the two roles. More on news Business jamie dimon jp morgan chase Read Next German industrial orders recover in February 06 Apr Most Read 1Roaming fees to be abolished in EU from 15 June22:38 2Oil and safe haven assets soar after US Syria airstrike06:35 3Hyundai, Kia to recall more than one million cars06:41 4Central Bank revises growth forecast upwards15:18 5Ryanair to pivot growth away from UK for next 2 years15:06 Source: Reuters Business. Oil and safe haven assets soar after US Syria airstrike Business Twitter refuses US order over anti-Trump account Business No breakthrough at Bus Éireann talks as strike goes on Ireland Hyundai, Kia to recall more than one million cars Business Central Bank revises growth forecast upwards Business ECB guidance change could lead to turbulence - minutes Business Live Register figures fall again in March Business More Business Most Read 1Roaming fees to be abolished in EU from 15 June22:38 2Oil and safe haven assets soar after US Syria airstrike06:35 3Hyundai, Kia to recall more than one million cars06:41 4Central Bank revises growth forecast upwards15:18 5Ryanair to pivot growth away from UK for next 2 years15:06 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) to Announce ($1.15) Earnings Per Share Zacks: AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd (FUJHY) to “Hold” Leoni AG (LNNNF) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Zacks: Prima BioMed Ltd (PBMD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts HAVAS (HAVSF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Mountain Province Diamonds Inc (MPVD) Price Target Cut to C$5.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Teck Resources’ (TECK.B) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Mountain Province Diamonds Inc (MPVD) Price Target Cut to C$5.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Teck Resources’ (TECK.B) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) had its price target lifted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $75.00 to $77.00 in a research note released on Monday. They currently have an overweight rating on the stock. AFL has been the topic of several other reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of AFLAC in a research note on Monday, December 5th. Royal Bank of Canada cut AFLAC from a sector perform rating to an underperform rating and reduced their price target for the stock from $74.00 to $65.00 in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Zacks Investment Research cut AFLAC from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Evercore ISI raised AFLAC from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on AFLAC in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a neutral rating and a $73.00 price target on the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. AFLAC presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $72.08. Shares of AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) opened at 72.19 on Monday. AFLAC has a 12 month low of $62.59 and a 12 month high of $74.50. The firm has a market cap of $28.98 billion, a PE ratio of 11.24 and a beta of 1.01. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $72.00 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.81. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. The firm earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. AFLAC’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.56 earnings per share. Analysts expect that AFLAC will post $6.41 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jpmorgan-chase-co-boosts-aflac-incorporated-afl-price-target-to-77-00.html. In related news, Director Karole Lloyd bought 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $68.42 per share, with a total value of $136,840.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now owns 4,441 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $303,853.22. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider James Todd Daniels sold 1,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.39, for a total value of $101,346.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 15,699 shares in the company, valued at $1,136,450.61. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock worth $3,760,333 over the last three months. Corporate insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC increased its stake in AFLAC by 0.4% in the third quarter. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,041 shares of the company’s stock valued at $219,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. ETRADE Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. ETRADE Capital Management LLC now owns 3,840 shares of the company’s stock worth $276,000 after buying an additional 18 shares during the last quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 4,841 shares of the company’s stock worth $345,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the last quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 11,285 shares of the company’s stock worth $811,000 after buying an additional 56 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sawtooth Solutions LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 1.6% in the third quarter. Sawtooth Solutions LLC now owns 3,665 shares of the company’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 56 shares during the last quarter. 62.45% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esure Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) to Announce ($1.15) Earnings Per Share Zacks: AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd (FUJHY) to “Hold” Leoni AG (LNNNF) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Zacks: Prima BioMed Ltd (PBMD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts HAVAS (HAVSF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) to a neutral rating in a report released on Friday. They currently have GBX 260 ($3.25) price objective on the stock. ESUR has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Deutsche Bank AG cut their target price on Esure Group PLC from GBX 210 ($2.62) to GBX 203 ($2.53) and set a hold rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Shore Capital reaffirmed a sell rating on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC cut their target price on Esure Group PLC from GBX 211 ($2.63) to GBX 210 ($2.62) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a sell rating and set a GBX 176 ($2.20) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an underperform rating and set a GBX 185 ($2.31) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Esure Group PLC presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 238.21 ($2.97). Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) opened at 239.70 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 998.59 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 225.55 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 227.84. Esure Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 183.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 311.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/esure-group-plc-esur-rating-lowered-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 13th will be paid a GBX 10.50 ($0.13) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 13th. This represents a yield of 4.38%. This is a boost from Esure Group PLC’s previous dividend of $3.00. Esure Group PLC Company Profile esure Group plc is a holding company, which provides motor and home insurance products and services through its esure and Sheilas’ Wheels brands. The Company’s segments include motor underwriting, home underwriting, non-underwritten additional services and investments. The Motor underwriting segment includes the revenues and expenses attributable to its motor insurance underwriting activities inclusive of additional insurance products underwritten by it. Receive News & Ratings for Esure Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esure Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Orion Energy Systems, Inc. (OESX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Navios Maritime Partners L.P. (NMM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) to Announce ($1.15) Earnings Per Share Zacks: AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd (FUJHY) to “Hold” Leoni AG (LNNNF) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Zacks: Prima BioMed Ltd (PBMD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts HAVAS (HAVSF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) to a neutral rating in a report released on Friday. They currently have GBX 260 ($3.25) price objective on the stock. ESUR has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Deutsche Bank AG cut their target price on Esure Group PLC from GBX 210 ($2.62) to GBX 203 ($2.53) and set a hold rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Shore Capital reaffirmed a sell rating on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC cut their target price on Esure Group PLC from GBX 211 ($2.63) to GBX 210 ($2.62) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a sell rating and set a GBX 176 ($2.20) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an underperform rating and set a GBX 185 ($2.31) target price on shares of Esure Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Esure Group PLC presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 238.21 ($2.97). Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) opened at 239.70 on Friday. The stock’s market cap is GBX 998.59 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 225.55 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 227.84. Esure Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 183.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 311.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/esure-group-plc-esur-rating-lowered-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co-2.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 13th will be paid a GBX 10.50 ($0.13) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 13th. This represents a yield of 4.38%. This is a boost from Esure Group PLC’s previous dividend of $3.00. Esure Group PLC Company Profile esure Group plc is a holding company, which provides motor and home insurance products and services through its esure and Sheilas’ Wheels brands. The Company’s segments include motor underwriting, home underwriting, non-underwritten additional services and investments. The Motor underwriting segment includes the revenues and expenses attributable to its motor insurance underwriting activities inclusive of additional insurance products underwritten by it. Receive News & Ratings for Esure Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, RCom shares gain after Trai asks Reliance Jio to withdraw 3-month offer Rupee opens 17 paise down at 64.69 against dollar Sensex cracks over 150 points; Nifty50 below 9,250; Adani Ports, Sun Pharma slip ARC funds cap hiked to drive cash sales of NPAs Buy Avenue Supermarts, target Rs 690 : Dr CK Narayan Some cheer for underperforming ABS makers Sell Hindalco Industries, target Rs 185 : Siddharth Bhamre ETMarkets Morning Podcast: Can market rebound today after Thursday's dip? Buy Cadila Healthcare, with a target of Rs 475 – Kotak Securities Limited Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:17 AM | 07 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,872-54.93 NIFTY 50 9,243-18.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,872151.00 USD/INR 64.37-0.16 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Something is wrong with the US: Dimon By Bloomberg | Updated: Apr 06, 2017, 11.07 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » US economy | labour market | JPMorgan Chase | Jamie Dimon Tax Alert: Fake rent receipts won't help you anymore JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon has two big pronouncements as the Trump administration starts reshaping the government: “The United States of America is truly an exceptional country," and “it is clear that something is wrong." In his annual letter to shareholders he notes that America is stronger than ever. Here's the start: Since the turn of the century, the US has dumped trillions of dollars into wars, piled huge debt onto students, forced legions of foreigners to leave after getting advanced degrees, driven millions of Americans out of the workplace with felonies for sometimes minor offences and hob bled the housing market with hastily crafted layers of rules. Labour market participation is low, Dimon wrote. High schools and vocational schools aren't providing skills to get decent jobs. Infrastructure planning and spending is so anemic that the US hasn't built a major airport in more than 20 years. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner Regulate Your Blood Sugar With Diabetes HealthCentral.com 5 Reasons Why Workforce Software Is Going Mobile MitelMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times You will not want to switch off your computer. Register fo.. Vikings: Free Online Game What does a data analytics manager do? Find Your Context The best Strategy Game of 2017! Online Strategy Game Help prepare your business for a cyber breach. Take the te.. Travelers Britannia forms joint venture with Chipita of Greece L&T secures Rs 2,400-crore job orders Gems and jewellery trade ready with GST software EESL dismisses charges of irregularities in LED procurement READ MORE ON » US economy | labour market | JPMorgan Chase | Jamie Dimon To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Just follow these tips; you won’t care if Nifty is at its peak or not RBI drifts from rate focus, targets cash glut, health of banks: Key takeaways RBI D-day guide: Rates seen unchanged; excess cash mop-up in focus Here's why RBI increased reverse repo rate and lowered MSF in policy review ReNew Power plans IPO to raise up to $600 million More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRBI Policy|IPL 2017 BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Bharti Airtel, Idea Cellular, RCom shares gain after Trai asks Reliance Jio to withdraw 3-month offer Rupee opens 17 paise down at 64.69 against dollar Sensex cracks over 150 points; Nifty50 below 9,250; Adani Ports, Sun Pharma slip ARC funds cap hiked to drive cash sales of NPAs Buy Avenue Supermarts, target Rs 690 : Dr CK Narayan Some cheer for underperforming ABS makers Sell Hindalco Industries, target Rs 185 : Siddharth Bhamre ETMarkets Morning Podcast: Can market rebound today after Thursday's dip? Buy Cadila Healthcare, with a target of Rs 475 – Kotak Securities Limited Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:09 AM | 07 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,857-70.50 NIFTY 50 9,236-25.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,857136.00 USD/INR 64.35-0.19 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Dimon's letter offers much to chew on By Bloomberg | Updated: Apr 06, 2017, 11.03 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » US economy | Too Big To Fail | JPMorgan Chase | Jamie Dimon Tax Alert: Fake rent receipts won't help you anymore By Gillian Tan If Jamie Dimon's annual letter to shareholders is any guide, he can play a mean game of whack-a mole. The JPMorgan Chase chairman took a swing at every hot topic in his 45-page missive, from bank regulation, immigration, and infrastructure to taxes, technology and, how "something is wrong" with the US (but banks, freed from pesky regulations, could help make it better). Most of his positions are known - he'd either raised them in last year's letter or during one of his many public appearances. But the addition of some specifics should give Dimon watchers something to chew on. Regulatory Loosening Dimon claims that "too big to fail" has been solved, reiterating his opinion that if one US bank were to collapse, it's unlikely that any others would follow - adding that an overly burdensome regulatory regime is hampering growth. Some of his suggestions on how to fix it are a little idealistic. It's hard to believe, for instance, that Washington will be willing to follow through on his hopes for a single primary regulator, or that regulators will set rules with full consideration of the costs and benefits to banks. But other ideas carry merit. Bemoaning the "enormous buffers" of excess capital that banks are forced to carry on their balance sheets, he rightly said lawmakers could implement less onerous rules to free up those funds for more lending. It's hard to argue against the thought that stress tests should be part of the regular exam process rather than the current annual checkup. Infrastructure It's clear that infrastructure in the US is in need of repair, and the issue has been atop President Trump's to-do list recently. That partly prompted a post-election surge in bank stocks, on the prospect of economic growth driven by hefty infrastructure spending and related job creation. Dimon said infrastructure “should not be expensed as a government debt but should be accounted for as an investment that could be financed separately." Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner Watch: The Latest Developments in HIV Treatment HealthiNation This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated Meet the Easiest Way for Online Shoppers to Get Unbelievab.. Tophatter Windows 10 Laptops Start At $189. Microsoft Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door READ MORE ON » US economy | Too Big To Fail | JPMorgan Chase | Jamie Dimon To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Just follow these tips; you won’t care if Nifty is at its peak or not RBI drifts from rate focus, targets cash glut, health of banks: Key takeaways RBI D-day guide: Rates seen unchanged; excess cash mop-up in focus Here's why RBI increased reverse repo rate and lowered MSF in policy review ReNew Power plans IPO to raise up to $600 million More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRBI Policy|IPL 2017 BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS Buy Avenue Supermarts, target Rs 690 : Dr CK Narayan Some cheer for underperforming ABS makers Sell Hindalco Industries, target Rs 185 : Siddharth Bhamre ETMarkets Morning Podcast: Can market rebound today after Thursday's dip? Buy Cadila Healthcare, with a target of Rs 475 – Kotak Securities Limited 'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Friday, 7 April 2017 Sell Union Bank of India, target Rs 145 : Siddharth Bhamre 15 years on, billions in pre-Euro currencies still elusive Branches to make way for cost-effective banking Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 09:15 AM | 07 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,786-141.45 NIFTY 50 9,216-45.80 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,730-75.0 USD/INR 64.63-0.26 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW We all take what central banks say about equity markets with a grain of salt: James Glassman, JPMorgan Chase By ET Now | Updated: Apr 06, 2017, 09.56 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Wall Street | US | markets | India | europe | et now | economy " The market pretty much is priced to the idea that the Fed is going to move, the Fed wants to raise the rate gradually up to about 3%." Tax Alert: Fake rent receipts won't help you anymore In a chat with ET Now, James Glassman, JPMorgan Chase &Co, says when global economy is doing better, then emerging markets generally do substantially better than the developed economies. Edited excerpts: An interesting takeaway from the Fed minutes is the fact that they are a little concerned about the markets being overvalued. Is that a hint that maybe the rate hikes are going to be more consistent and even larger in the quantum? I do not think their opinion about the equity markets matter that much. We have 7 billion investors potentially around the world that have their own say. Central banks do not know what the market should be. The reason the market is where it is because we have had a change of guard and the market is anticipating things are going to happen. Based on the current reality, the market does look a little expensive. We all take what central banks say about equity markets with a grain of salt; their job is to focus on the fundamental performance of the economy and remove accommodation that is no longer needed. So the market was taken aback by the minutes. I do not know why they would be because we have been talking about the possibility of the Fed starting to wind down their balance sheet sometime later this year or next year and still see radical issues with the Fed. They are speaking about various options but the market reaction is kind of strange because if the central bank is going to wind down its balance sheet, you would think long term interest rates would be moving up because the whole purpose of buying assets was to bring risk on and yet what we have is long rates refusing to budge and it is the equity markets that is taking a response. So in a few days, we will see what the real reaction is. There is nothing that happened today that looks sensible relative to the potential surprise that people thought they saw in the minutes. One of the things we do know is if nothing else, the Fed is going to be very cautious. They have been talking about three hikes this year. They may instead skip on one of the hikes and start the process of not reinvesting or starting the processing of bringing down the balance sheet but that remains to be seen and the key thing is this is all going to be very managed and focussed on the performance of the economy. As long as the economy is slowing, it appears that this process of slowly unwinding monetary accommodation is going to continue. We have already got the idea. The market pretty much is priced to the idea that the Fed is going to move, the Fed wants to raise the rate gradually up to about 3%. What is unknown is what they are going to do about the balance sheet and that has always been sort of the unknown here and it is not until they really start the process that the markets are going to be able to make their judgement on this. Maybe that is why the bond market did react today. In the event that we do see a bit of a u-turn from Wall Street, do you sense that this could hamper the fund flows into emerging markets? For instance, India has seen dollops of money pouring in year to date in the last three months itself? I doubt it. I think this is very momentary thing that we have got in the market and it happens many times. For the emerging markets and particularly for India and China, the region is growing at 6.5-7.5% and that is what we are projecting for this year. With that kind of performance and with monetary accommodation in Japan, US and Europe still very accommodative, it is hard to believe that this is going to stop people from continuing these flows that you have been seeing. So the investor flows are going to be driven more by the fundamentals and as the global economy appears to be picking up again, when the global economy is doing better, then emerging markets generally doing substantially better than the developed economies because they are growing two or three times as fast. The opportunities are still very attractive and that will probably dominate. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner Windshield Recycling? We're Setting Records. Safelite Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack WeldonMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Meet the Easiest Way for Online Shoppers to Get Unbelievab.. Tophatter 8 Activities for Your Summer Bucket List Visit Virginia Beach Clifton: Dinner Delivered? Here's Why I Love Plated Food & Wine for Plated How Time Tracking Adds Up To Exacting Value-Based Pricing Quickbooks Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door READ MORE ON » Wall Street | US | markets | India | europe | et now | economy To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Just follow these tips; you won’t care if Nifty is at its peak or not RBI drifts from rate focus, targets cash glut, health of banks: Key takeaways RBI D-day guide: Rates seen unchanged; excess cash mop-up in focus Here's why RBI increased reverse repo rate and lowered MSF in policy review ReNew Power plans IPO to raise up to $600 million More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRBI Policy|IPL 2017 BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AveXis Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Bonds Drop 1.2% During Trading Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Bonds Drop 1.2% During Trading Middlefield Banc Corp (MBCN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Marathon Patent Group (MARA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Logitech International SA (LOGI) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.05 Marathon Patent Group (MARA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund (JMF) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.27 $0.63 Earnings Per Share Expected for Baidu Inc (BIDU) This Quarter Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells $176,000.00 in Stock bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Insider David Davidson Sells 3,000 Shares Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells $176,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Anticipate Lockheed Martin Co. (LMT) Will Post Earnings of $2.72 Per Share Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.64 Per Share Msci Inc (MSCI) COO Sells $203,030.01 in Stock Msci Inc (MSCI) COO Sells $203,030.01 in Stock Insider Selling: Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Director Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Director Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) VP Sukumar Nagendran sold 1,781 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.13, for a total transaction of $135,587.53. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 1,781 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $135,587.53. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $75.37. 264,527 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. AveXis Inc has a one year low of $20.51 and a one year high of $85.98. The company’s 50-day moving average is $68.82 and its 200 day moving average is $56.78. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.09 billion. AveXis (NASDAQ:AVXS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, March 16th. The company reported ($0.92) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.12. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($1.82) EPS. Equities analysts predict that AveXis Inc will post ($4.10) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/insider-selling-avexis-inc-avxs-vp-sells-1781-shares-of-stock.html. AVXS has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Chardan Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price objective on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $79.00 to $92.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price objective (up from $85.00) on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $91.00 to $108.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AveXis from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $85.33. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 377.1% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 32,444 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,337,000 after buying an additional 25,644 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 7.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 37,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,531,000 after buying an additional 2,475 shares in the last quarter. GAM Holding AG bought a new stake in shares of AveXis during the third quarter worth about $1,212,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 49.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 421,888 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,386,000 after buying an additional 140,363 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 52.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 46,238 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,905,000 after buying an additional 15,852 shares in the last quarter. 68.31% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About AveXis AveXis, Inc, formerly Biolife Cell Bank, Inc, is a clinical-stage gene therapy company. The Company operates through developing and commercializing gene therapy treatments for patients suffering from neurological genetic diseases segment. The Company’s product candidate, AVXS-101, is its gene therapy product candidate that is in a Phase I clinical trial for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) Type 1, which is a genetic disorder characterized by motor neuron loss and associated muscle deterioration. Receive News & Ratings for AveXis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) VP Sukumar Nagendran sold 1,781 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.13, for a total transaction of $135,587.53. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 1,781 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $135,587.53. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $75.37. 264,527 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. AveXis Inc has a one year low of $20.51 and a one year high of $85.98. The company’s 50-day moving average is $68.82 and its 200 day moving average is $56.78. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.09 billion. AveXis (NASDAQ:AVXS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, March 16th. The company reported ($0.92) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.12. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($1.82) EPS. Equities analysts predict that AveXis Inc will post ($4.10) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/insider-selling-avexis-inc-avxs-vp-sells-1781-shares-of-stock.html. AVXS has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Chardan Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price objective on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $79.00 to $92.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price objective (up from $85.00) on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $91.00 to $108.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AveXis from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $85.33. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 377.1% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 32,444 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,337,000 after buying an additional 25,644 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 7.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 37,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,531,000 after buying an additional 2,475 shares in the last quarter. GAM Holding AG bought a new stake in shares of AveXis during the third quarter worth about $1,212,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 49.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 421,888 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,386,000 after buying an additional 140,363 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 52.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 46,238 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,905,000 after buying an additional 15,852 shares in the last quarter. 68.31% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About AveXis AveXis, Inc, formerly Biolife Cell Bank, Inc, is a clinical-stage gene therapy company. The Company operates through developing and commercializing gene therapy treatments for patients suffering from neurological genetic diseases segment. The Company’s product candidate, AVXS-101, is its gene therapy product candidate that is in a Phase I clinical trial for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) Type 1, which is a genetic disorder characterized by motor neuron loss and associated muscle deterioration. Receive News & Ratings for AveXis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Hoosier lawmakers poised to study vehicle emission testing alternatives AP Markets Right Now: An early rally evaporates on Wall Street By The Associated Press Apr 5, 2017 Updated Apr 5, 2017 The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Stocks gave up an early gain and ended lower on Wall Street after the Federal Reserve indicated it could start reducing its bond holdings. Banks led the declines Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase lost 1.3 percent. The market had been broadly higher most of the day but started to turn lower after minutes released from the Fed's last policy meeting indicated the central bank might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. The Fed bought large amounts of bonds during the financial crisis to stimulate the economy. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352. It was up 18 points earlier. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 41 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648. The Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864. ___ 3:45 p.m. An early rally is evaporating as U.S. stocks surrender their gains while banks plunge along with bond yields and interest rates. The sell-off began late Wednesday after the Federal Reserve suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent, down from 2.38 percent shortly before the minutes were released. That helped send banks lower. JPMorgan Chase lost 1 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,356. It was up 18 points earlier. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 29 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,661. The Nasdaq composite fell 30 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,868. ___ Stocks are solidly higher in midday trading, led by gains in industrial companies and retailers. Investors were encouraged Wednesday by a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong last month. Panera Bread soared 13.8 percent after the sandwich and soup chain agreed to be bought by European conglomerate JAB for more than $7 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 12 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,372. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 132 points, or 0.6 percent, to 20,821. The Nasdaq composite increased 24 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,922. ___ 11:45 a.m. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Stocks are solidly higher in midday trading, led by gains in industrial companies and retailers. Investors were encouraged Wednesday by a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong last month. Panera Bread soared 13.8 percent after the sandwich and soup chain agreed to be bought by European conglomerate JAB for more than $7 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 12 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,372. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 132 points, or 0.6 percent, to 20,821. The Nasdaq composite increased 24 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,922. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks and energy companies. Investors were encouraged Wednesday by a report that private employers stepped up hiring in the U.S. last month. Panera Bread jumped 13.6 percent after the company agreed to be acquired by JAB Holdings, which also owns Peet's Coffee & Tea and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,366. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 77 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,771. The Nasdaq composite increased 13 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,912. Bond prices fell slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.37 percent. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Coffee Markets Soft Commodity Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Snacks Manufacturing Food Manufacturing Food, Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Lead Markets Base Metal Markets Metal Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Flour And Baked Goods Manufacturing Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Latest in section Trial concludes for man accused of killing son for insurance Michigan man gets 5 years in prison after talk of attacks Tennessee attorney general questions abortion-ban bill Ohio police kill man with BB gun outside emergency room Trump kicks off Florida meetings with Chinese president More on this topic Trial concludes for man accused of killing son for insurance Michigan man gets 5 years in prison after talk of attacks Tennessee attorney general questions abortion-ban bill Ohio police kill man with BB gun outside emergency room Trump kicks off Florida meetings with Chinese president Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Community tips lead to arrest in Portage rape Valparaiso man dies in Merrillville car crash Child sex extortion investigation launched in LaPorte County Chesterton police make arrest in string of burglaries Police investigating sexual assault at Portage park Currents Food and Cooking The Thai food capitals of America Basketball March Madness 2017: Predicting the Final Four +8 National News WWI transformed America from an isolationist nation into a world power — at tremendous cost Today’s top pics: Severe weather in the Southeast and more Your daily 6: A wet and wild Masters, a nuclear showdown Today's Birthdays, April 6: Paul Rudd Today In History, April 6: World War I Slow Cooker Teriyaki Chicken Louisiana orchestra performs on moving boats on a lake Davidson, Soto power White Sox past Tigers, 11-2 Stuck out! Ball clings to Molina, Cubs rally past Cardinals Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Doelling Decorating Center 753 Washington, Valparaiso, IN 46383 Meyer's Heating & Air Conditioning 100 N GRIFFITH BLVD, Griffith, IN 46319 Illiana Heating & Cooling 11407 Wicker Ave, Cedar Lake, IN 46303 PARADISE WORLDWIDE TRAVEL AGENCY 4901 EAST 81ST AVENUE, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Kouder Electric Looking to revamp your lighting? Call Kouder Electric for incredible rebates! Updated 2 hrs ago Lawn Doctor of West Lake County You Can Have the Best Lawn On the Block. Call Lawn Doctor of West Lake County Today for a FREE On Site Evaluation Today 219-440-7098 Updated 1 hr ago Tim's Landscaping FREE consultation for all your landscaping dreams! Call Tim's Landscape Services today! Updated 1 hr ago Ryan Spangler- State Farm #1 in Customer Satisfaction! Request a Quote with Ryan Spangler - State Farm and get a FREE GIFT CARD! *Mention This Ad* Updated 1 hr ago E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD Search ... Sidebar × Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive Top menu HOME COMMUNITY NOTICES / EVENTS OBITUARIES VACANCIES SUPPLEMENTS OUT 'N ABOUT Pic Page HEALTH & BEAUTY KIDS WEEKENDER TV-WEEK SPECIALS VIDEOS CLASSIFIEDS READ CLASSIFIEDS ORDER A CLASSIFIED About Us CONTACT INFO MASTHEAD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten 07 Fri, Apr Home Editorial ISLANDS PEOPLE REGIONAL U.S. News INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SPORTS Local Sports International Sports OPINION Letters to the Editor Queenie SUBSCRIBERS Online-Subscriptions Printery Clients Subscription-form Archive Search Old Articles PDF Archive ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches Details 07 April 2017 Next Article BP cuts CEO's pay package after shareholder backlash Tools  Print  Email Share This VALLETTA--The European Central Bank has proposed that large branches of foreign banks in the European Union be subject to tighter regulation and capital requirements, a move that would increase U.S. and Asian lenders' costs and also hit British banks after Brexit. The ECB proposal to European Union states, seen by Reuters, says that a draft piece of legislation on foreign bank regulation already under discussion among the 28 EU members should be toughened further. The draft rules, proposed by the EU executive commission in November, require foreign lenders with a major presence in the EU to combine their businesses in the region into a separately capitalised holding company. The proposal is aimed at ensuring that foreign banks classed as globally systemic lenders or those with at least 30 billion euros of assets in the EU are able to sustain significant losses without support from their headquarters. It has already been met with strong opposition from non-EU banks who say it would significantly raise the cost and bureaucracy of operating in the EU. But now the ECB is proposing the law goes further and requires branches of foreign banks to be included in the EU holding company, a move that would likely raise foreign lenders' capital requirements. The draft law had exempted branches. The ECB said it was making the proposal more comprehensive as it was concerned that the draft law could lead to "regulatory arbitrage" where banks booked important transactions in branches in order to reduce the level of assets that would be subject to the holding company's capital requirements. The changes it proposes would also bring the draft EU law in line with similar rules faced by large foreign banks in the U.S, it said. Currently, big lenders such as Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America or the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, carry out significant operations through branches in the EU rather than subsidiaries, the paper said, meaning the capital reserves they keep inside the bloc are lower, posing a higher risk to financial stability. The ECB is also proposing that the holding companies be regulated by whoever supervises the largest individual entity within the group, which in practice would most often be the ECB. This would mark a broadening of the central bank's supervisory reach, partly at the expense of national securities watchdogs inside the EU. The proposal, that was drafted together with the EU's banking liquidation body, the Single Resolution Board, is also aimed at facilitating the SRB task of preparing resolution plans for banks operating in the EU, so that in case they fail, their creditors' funds can be used to prop them up, instead of taxpayers' money. EU envoys last week had a first exchange of views on the paper, dated March 28. The issue may be discussed at a regular meeting of the bloc's finance ministers in Malta on Friday and Saturday although it is not formally on the agenda. The ECB move was welcomed by France, whose large banks have been lately hit by U.S. competitors, and also pleased smaller EU countries where branches of foreign banks operate, because it would reduce lenders' risks by stepping up controls and the transparency of their operations, officials briefed on the envoys' meeting said. But the legislative change would hit EU's larger financial centres making them likely less attractive to foreign banks as headquarters for their continent-wide operations. Britain "strongly disagreed" with the ECB proposal, the source said. Britain and Luxembourg, which host Europe's biggest financial hubs, have already protested against the original proposals made by the European Commission. In a joint paper, sent to EU countries and seen by Reuters, they said the requirement to set up a holding company in the EU would increase costs for foreign banks, "risking significant disruption" to economic functions provided by these companies to EU businesses and households. They cited in particular risks posed to asset management activities of U.S. banks in the EU. British banks are also likely to see the costs of their EU activities soaring after Brexit as they would be treated as foreign lenders. Next Article BP cuts CEO's pay package after shareholder backlash Home MSFT GOOG AAPL IBM ORCL EMC NOK INTC RDS-A Microsoft Corporation NMS : MSFT - 06 Apr, 4:00pm 65.73 +0.17 (+0.26%) After Hours: Open 65.60 Mktcap 507.93B High 66.06 52wk Hight 66.35 Low 65.48 52wk Low 48.03 Vol 18.10M Avg Vol 22.73M Eps 2.97 P/e 30.93 Currency: USD Alphabet Inc. NMS : GOOG - 06 Apr, 4:00pm 827.88 -3.53 (-0.42%) After Hours: Open 832.40 Mktcap 572.41B High 836.39 52wk Hight 853.50 Low 826.46 52wk Low 663.28 Vol 1.25M Avg Vol 1.49M Eps 33.26 P/e 29.70 Currency: USD Apple Inc. NMS : AAPL - 06 Apr, 4:00pm 143.66 -0.36 (-0.25%) After Hours: Open 144.26 Mktcap 753.72B High 144.52 52wk Hight 145.46 Low 143.45 52wk Low 89.47 Vol 21.15M Avg Vol 27.17M Eps 8.95 P/e 17.25 Currency: USD International Business Machines NYQ : IBM - 06 Apr, 4:01pm 172.45 -0.43 (-0.25%) After Hours: Open 173.47 Mktcap 162.66B High 173.47 52wk Hight 182.79 Low 172.25 52wk Low 142.50 Vol 3.44M Avg Vol 3.76M Eps 13.79 P/e 13.93 Currency: USD Oracle Corporation Common Stock NYQ : ORCL - 06 Apr, 4:00pm 44.18 -0.31 (-0.70%) After Hours: Open 44.53 Mktcap 181.79B High 44.53 52wk Hight 46.99 Low 44.14 52wk Low 37.62 Vol 11.56M Avg Vol 13.34M Eps 2.63 P/e 20.90 Currency: USD EMC Corporation NYQ : EMC - 06 Sep, 4:00pm 29.05 +0.00 (+0.00%) After Hours: Open Mktcap High 52wk Hight 29.13 Low 52wk Low 22.99 Vol 0 Avg Vol 14.38M Eps 1.84 P/e Currency: USD Nokia Corporation Sponsored Ame NYQ : NOK - 06 Apr, 4:02pm 5.23 +0.05 (+0.97%) After Hours: Open 5.23 Mktcap 29.92B High 5.29 52wk Hight 6.31 Low 5.22 52wk Low 4.04 Vol 10.64M Avg Vol 12.15M Eps 0.24 P/e Currency: USD Intel Corporation NMS : INTC - 06 Apr, 4:00pm 36.03 -0.19 (-0.52%) After Hours: Open 36.13 Mktcap 170.35B High 36.28 52wk Hight 38.45 Low 36.03 52wk Low 29.50 Vol 20.20M Avg Vol 24.33M Eps 2.80 P/e 17.00 Currency: USD Royal Dutch Shell PLC Royal Dut NYQ : RDS-A - 06 Apr, 4:02pm 53.10 +0.45 (+0.85%) After Hours: Open 52.88 Mktcap 216.26B High 53.29 52wk Hight 56.39 Low 52.83 52wk Low 46.42 Vol 2.76M Avg Vol 3.41M Eps 3.72 P/e 45.78 Currency: USD The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten Copyright © 2015 Joomla!. All Rights Reserved. Powered by The Daily Herald Newspaper St. Maarten - Designed by JoomlArt.com. Bootstrap is a front-end framework of Twitter, Inc. Code licensed under Apache License v2.0. Font Awesome font licensed under SIL OFL 1.1.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Offer Predictions for Zions Bancorp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ZION) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Axa SA (CS) a €24.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Short Interest in AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Decreases By 0.1% Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Short Interest Up 0.7% in March JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Davita Inc (DVA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at Canaccord Genuity Benchmark Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for InVitae Corp (NVTA) -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Expected for MINDBODY Inc (MB) This Quarter 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €78.00 ($82.98) target price on Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on SU. Bank of America Corp set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Morgan Stanley set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Societe Generale set a €80.00 ($85.11) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €70.00 ($74.47) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €72.00 ($76.60) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €69.29 ($73.72). Shares of Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 69.16 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of €38.38 billion and a PE ratio of 22.38. Schneider Electric SE has a one year low of €49.50 and a one year high of €69.57. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €66.28 and its 200-day moving average is €64.70. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts-give-schneider-electric-se-su-a-78-00-price-target-2.html. About Schneider Electric SE Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Offer Predictions for Zions Bancorp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (ZION) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Axa SA (CS) a €24.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Schneider Electric SE (SU) a €78.00 Price Target Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Short Interest in AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Decreases By 0.1% Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Short Interest Up 0.7% in March JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Davita Inc (DVA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at Canaccord Genuity Benchmark Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for InVitae Corp (NVTA) -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Expected for MINDBODY Inc (MB) This Quarter 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Axa SA (CS) a €24.00 Price Target April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €24.00 ($25.53) price target on Axa SA (EPA:CS) in a research report report published on Tuesday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also commented on CS. BNP Paribas set a €24.00 ($25.53) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. DZ Bank AG reiterated a buy rating on shares of Axa SA in a research note on Monday, February 27th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €23.50 ($25.00) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating on shares of Axa SA in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €27.50 ($29.26) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €24.74 ($26.32). Axa SA (EPA:CS) opened at 23.83 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of €57.65 billion and a PE ratio of 10.37. Axa SA has a 1-year low of €16.11 and a 1-year high of €25.05. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €23.43 and a 200-day moving average of €22.44. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts-give-axa-sa-cs-a-24-00-price-target.html. Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Short Interest in AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Decreases By 0.1% Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) Short Interest Up 0.7% in March JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) a €16.50 Price Target Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Hold” Rating for Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates Buy Rating for Cidara Therapeutics Inc (CDTX) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Given “Hold” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Oaktree Capital Group LLC (OAK) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Davita Inc (DVA) Raised to “B-” at TheStreet BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target BMO Capital Markets Analysts Give Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) a C$41.00 Price Target Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) PT Lowered to C$11.00 at Canaccord Genuity Benchmark Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for InVitae Corp (NVTA) -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Expected for MINDBODY Inc (MB) This Quarter 8Point3 Energy Partners LP (CAFD) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.26 Per Share Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Granite Real Estate (GRP.U) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Zacks: Addus Homecare Co. (ADUS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Traders purchased shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) on weakness during trading on Wednesday following insider selling activity. $55.15 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $39.30 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $15.85 million into the stock. Of all stocks tracked, AFLAC had the 27th highest net in-flow for the day. AFLAC traded down ($0.29) for the day and closed at $72.32Specifically, insider Hiroshi Yamauchi sold 19,850 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.00, for a total transaction of $1,409,350.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 93,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,645,174. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Audrey B. Tillman sold 900 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.96, for a total transaction of $64,764.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 31,185 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,244,072.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333. Corporate insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on AFL shares. Citigroup Inc started coverage on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price objective for the company. Evercore ISI raised shares of AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $71.71 to $75.00 in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Royal Bank of Canada cut shares of AFLAC from a “sector perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and reduced their price target for the company from $74.00 to $65.00 in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $72.08. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $72.05 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.83. The firm has a market cap of $29.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.36 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. The business earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.65 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $1.56 EPS. AFLAC’s revenue was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.41 EPS for the current year. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. raised its stake in AFLAC by 0.4% in the third quarter. Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. now owns 16,782 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,206,000 after buying an additional 66 shares during the last quarter. iAB Financial Bank raised its stake in AFLAC by 3.6% in the third quarter. iAB Financial Bank now owns 17,295 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,243,000 after buying an additional 600 shares during the last quarter. Dearborn Partners LLC raised its stake in AFLAC by 10.8% in the third quarter. Dearborn Partners LLC now owns 5,113 shares of the company’s stock worth $367,000 after buying an additional 500 shares during the last quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL raised its stake in AFLAC by 2.6% in the third quarter. IFC Holdings Incorporated FL now owns 4,988 shares of the company’s stock worth $357,000 after buying an additional 127 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Kwmg LLC raised its stake in AFLAC by 4.0% in the third quarter. Kwmg LLC now owns 25,490 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,832,000 after buying an additional 980 shares during the last quarter. 62.45% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. WARNING: “Traders Buy AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) on Weakness Following Insider Selling” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/traders-buy-aflac-incorporated-afl-on-weakness-following-insider-selling.html. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 7 April 2017 | MYT 11:00 AM As millennials ‘Venmo’ each other money, banks fight back with their own mobile apps by james rufus koren Apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other. — Dreamstime/TNS Odds are, you've at least heard of Venmo, but there's also a good chance you haven't used the mobile app or anything else like it to send money to family or friends.  But that's likely to change over the next few years, as banks, payment companies and even the likes of Google and Facebook push so-called peer-to-peer, or p2p, payment systems – a medium of exchange with revolutionary potential.  The apps and online tools could someday overtake cash and checks as the primary way individuals pay each other, and they even could make inroads at the cash register and with businesses that send refunds and other payments to their customers.  These systems will get a boost later this year when a coalition of the nation's biggest banks roll out Zelle, a mobile and online money-transfer network that will let any customer of nearly every US bank send money to customers of any other bank using only a phone number or e-mail address.  Analysts say the bank-led system – and the related marketing push – should bring online and mobile peer-to-peer payments to a larger audience. Even competitors, notably the popular money transfer app Venmo, say the Zelle rollout could boost their fortunes by making digital-money transfers more mainstream.  "We don't see it as a winner-take-all scenario," said Josh Criscoe, a spokesman for Venmo owner PayPal. "We welcome any effort to move folks to more digital payments and move toward the smartphone as the central point of financial life. The common enemy is cash."  Online and mobile peer-to-peer payment systems have grown rapidly over the last few years, and analysts expect that to continue. In a report published in March, finance industry research firm Aite Group estimated that Americans made about US$147bil (RM652.16bil) in digital p2p transfers last year, up from US$100bil (RM443.65bil) the year before.  Those are big numbers, to be sure, but last year's sum still only accounted for about 12% of the more than US$1.2tril (RM5.32tril) that Americans paid each other that year, mostly in cash.  That means there's still plenty of growth ahead, said Talie Baker, an analyst at Aite Group. In her report, she estimated that the volume of digital p2p payments will more than double by 2020, topping US$316bil (RM1.40tril).  "Not that many consumers are using mobile payments yet," Baker said, noting that though these payments are more common among young consumers in big coastal cities, they're not so ubiquitous elsewhere. "I'm a Gen-X person and I live in Denver – I hadn't heard of Venmo until 2015."  There are plenty of players in the p2p game.  Square Inc, the payments company behind the tiny white credit card reader that plugs into a smartphone, has a p2p service of its own, Square Cash, which launched in 2013.  Following the geometric theme, there's also Circle, a Boston firm that started the same year and specialises in cross-border p2p transfers in dollars, euros and British pounds.  Facebook and Google, too, allow users to send money to friends. Google has Google Wallet, which started as a mobile wallet app but became a p2p payment tool in 2015, and Facebook users have been able to send money through Facebook Messenger since 2015.  Square, Google and Facebook don't report the volume of payments made through their p2p systems, but Facebook in regulatory filings has said that only "a relatively small percentage" of its users have used the payments feature.  Venmo is arguably the biggest name in peer-to-peer transfers. It even has the coveted status, like Google, Uber and a few others, of becoming a verb – as in "Venmo me."  Founded in 2009, the company was acquired in 2012 by payment services provider Braintree, which was acquired the following year by online payments giant PayPal – which offers p2p payments under its own name too.  But the biggest players in the market are still the banks.  Last year, Venmo users transferred US$17.6bil (RM78.08bil). That's more than double the volume from 2015, but it's also much less than the $28 billion transferred in 2016 through QuickPay, JPMorgan Chase's peer-to-peer payment system. And that's just one bank.  Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo and other major financial institutions have had their own p2p transfer programs for years, though it can sometimes be clunky for bank customers to send money to people with accounts at other financial institutions.  Aite Group estimates that of all the digital p2p transfers Americans made last year, non-bank systems such as Venmo accounted for only about 17% of that. Banks accounted for the rest, though much of that likely was made through banks' websites, not mobile apps, and much of it was money transferred between customers of the same bank.  In part, that's a statement about who uses different systems, and what they are used for. Venmo and other non-bank systems are accessed about twice as often as bank systems, but for much smaller transactions, according to Aite Group. The average money transfer on a non-bank system is US$135 (RM599); the average for bank systems is US$1,359 (RM6,029), according to the report.  That might suggest that parents sending money to a student for college tuition, for instance, might be more likely to transfer money through a bank, while students are much more likely to split a restaurant bill or bar tab using Venmo.  The payment app is also a social network in its own right, with users sending messages to friends when they transfer money – a feature Venmo pioneered. Those messages shed light on what's behind each transaction and indicate that Venmo is most often used among friends over food and drink, said Criscoe, the Venmo spokesman.  "Pizza is the No. 1 emoji on Venmo; beer is a close follow," he said, adding that other messages suggest users are splitting bigger-ticket items too, such as rent.  Though Venmo and other non-bank payment systems are still a small part of the p2p market, banks want to make sure they keep their place in the financial order and keep their customers.  This summer, Early Warning, a company owned by some of the nation's largest banks, will release Zelle, a payment system built to compete with Venmo and others – and, banks hope, to make digital p2p payments more mainstream.  Along with the release, Early Warning will kick off a marketing campaign showing not only how Zelle works but how it might be used. Lou Anne Alexander, president of Early Warning's payments group, said the focus will be on appealing to older consumers who might not have tried p2p payments.  "We're trying to take (p2p) from millennials to the mainstream_customers might use a product like this," Alexander said. "That might be managing contributions to the high school marching band or it might be renting a home on the beach with friends or family."  Zelle traces it roots back to 2011, when Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase set out to build a system – initially called ClearXchange – that would allow their customers to send money to each other using only phone numbers and email addresses. Before, customers could only transfer money to friends and family by entering account and routing numbers – information customers often didn't know and might be concerned about sharing.  Zelle is essentially a souped-up, rebranded version of ClearXchange. It will be available to anyone with a US bank account, and it aims to overcome some of the limitations and confusion around the ClearXchange system.  Sarah Grotta of research and consulting firm Mercator Advisory Group said banks didn't do a great job of explaining that ClearXchange would allow customers to send money to customers of other banks.  Part of the problem, she said, was that every bank has its own name for its ClearXchange-powered p2p system, including Chase QuickPay, Wells Fargo SurePay and Capital One P2P Payments.  "It wasn't well-marketed that someone at Chase could pay someone at Bank of America because they had different marketing and different branding," Grotta said. "You could pay someone at any financial institution, but people never realized that."  To address that problem, banks over the next few months will begin rebranding their p2p transfer systems to include Zelle in the name. Chase, for instance, will start calling its system "QuickPay with Zelle." Customers of more than a dozen big banks – representing most US account holders – will be able to transfer money through the banks' mobile apps. For other banks and credit unions, customers will be able to do so through the Zelle mobile app, set to be released this summer.  Once the system is running and the marketing campaign kicks off, Grotta expects Zelle to be a hit.  "This is going to be a much better user experience than the banks had before," she said. "I think it will start to catch on once people see that they can in fact send money to another person at another financial institution."  For banks, the stakes are high. Though Venmo and other money transfer apps are tiny by comparison, Baker said banks are rightfully worried about what might happen if their customers interact more often with outside payment companies.  If a customer opens an outside p2p payment app once a day and their mobile banking app just once a week, the payment company has more opportunities to sell that customer on products and services the bank would otherwise provide, she said.  "Once Venmo builds up a strong enough customer base, then it can say, 'Hey, come get a credit card from us,' or 'Come get a home loan from us,'" Baker said. "That's the approach some providers are hoping to take."  Banks see other advantages too. Mary Harman, an executive in Bank of America's consumer payments division, said it's expensive for banks to process checks and move cash around, so an increase in digital p2p payments could cut costs.  She said banks also want to give customers the services and options they want. Some customers, she said, might prefer using Venmo; others might prefer the implied security of managing financial transactions exclusively through their bank.  "We serve 65-million households in the US, and not everyone will act the same way," Harman said. We have to recognise that and have different products available in different places." — Los Angeles Times/Tribune News Service Related Stories You May Be Interested UTAR among top young varsities Speculation driving up tech stocks on Bursa, but many don't want to miss the party Joy over bumper harvest Don't tear down Ampang Park for MRT, say traders Where to find a cuddly quokka for your selfie Craft yourself a new career by embracing digital learning Others Also Read Pedalling from Kangar to Putrajaya to spread obesity message Copter ‘quietly’ attracts interest Heartfelt rewards await mothers advertisement Latest News Facebook starts to educate users on how to spot fake news Alphabet moves two top Google Fiber executives off project Trump sued by Twitter over bid to unmask @Alt-Agency handle Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar China's Ant seeks to allay MoneyGram security fears Most Viewed in Tech Trump sued by Twitter over bid to unmask @Alt-Agency handle Intel CEO pay rises to US$19.1mil as security costs climb Alphabet moves two top Google Fiber executives off project Adidas to mass-produce 3D-printed shoe with Silicon Valley startup Forget Apple; Xiaomi CEO now wants to be more like Costco Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar Udacity self-driving taxi spin-off Voyage takes aim at Uber Facebook starts to educate users on how to spot fake news China's Ant seeks to allay MoneyGram security fears Emirates joins Etihad, Qatar in US cabin laptop ban workaround Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Zacks: Addus Homecare Co. (ADUS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Ultra Petroleum Corp. (UPL) Bonds Trading 3% Higher Ultra Petroleum Corp. (UPL) Bonds Trading 3% Higher Insider Buying: CareView Communications Inc (CRVW) Director Acquires 200,000 Shares of Stock Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.15 Per Share $0.08 EPS Expected for Baozun Inc (BZUN) This Quarter Zacks: Osram Licht Ag (OSAGF) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts $0.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for EQT GP Holdings LP (EQGP) This Quarter Insider Selling: AlarmCom Hldg Inc (ALRM) Insider Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Box Inc (BOX) COO Sells 20,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Insider Sells 21,100 Shares of Stock TRI Pointe Group Inc (TPH) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Quantenna Communications Inc (QTNA) Receives $24.60 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Shares Gap Up After Strong Earnings Fred's, Inc. (FRED) Trading Up 13.9% After Earnings Beat Valvoline Inc (VVV) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Valvoline Inc (VVV) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Bonavista Energy Corp (BNP) Receives C$5.68 Average PT from Brokerages Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by equities researchers at Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. They presently have a $33.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s target price would suggest a potential upside of 7.88% from the stock’s previous close. IVZ has been the topic of several other reports. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Invesco in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Morgan Stanley restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a report on Saturday, December 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Invesco from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $30.00 to $37.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Invesco from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $34.70. Shares of Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) traded up 1.02% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $30.59. The stock had a trading volume of 1,870,704 shares. Invesco has a 52 week low of $23.01 and a 52 week high of $33.46. The stock has a market cap of $12.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.85 and a beta of 1.82. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $31.59 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.97. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.59 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.58 by $0.01. Invesco had a net margin of 18.04% and a return on equity of 11.79%. The firm had revenue of $1.19 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $867.07 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.58 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Invesco will post $2.41 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/invesco-ltd-ivz-receives-buy-rating-from-jefferies-group-llc.html. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Trust Co raised its stake in Invesco by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Trust Co now owns 21,590 shares of the company’s stock valued at $655,000 after buying an additional 293 shares during the last quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. raised its stake in Invesco by 1.9% in the first quarter. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 347,892 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,656,000 after buying an additional 6,517 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. raised its stake in Invesco by 2.3% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 318,071 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,651,000 after buying an additional 7,223 shares during the last quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Invesco by 155.8% in the fourth quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 55,775 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,692,000 after buying an additional 155,775 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund acquired a new stake in Invesco during the fourth quarter valued at about $401,000. 80.85% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Invesco Company Profile Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: How U.S. Bancorp Climbed to the Top of the Bank Industry The Minneapolis-based bank has emerged as the biggest and most profitable regional bank in the country. Motley Fool Staff Apr 6, 2017 at 7:33PM The past decade has been anything but smooth sailing for the banking industry. Hundreds of banks failed during and after the financial crisis. And many of the banks that didn't fail were bruised and battered in the downturn so much that they've spent the last eight years retreating and retrenching as opposed to forging ahead. U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB) is one of the rare exceptions to this. Listen to the following segment of Industry Focus: Financials as The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and John Maxfield discuss how the Minneapolis-based bank not only survived the financial crisis but actually thrived as a result of it. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on March 27, 2017. Gaby Lapera: Talking about other people who have had big accomplishments, you did an interview with the U.S. [Bancorp] CEO, Richard Davis. Davis is actually stepping down from his position soon, but it's a really well thought-out, long-planned move, much like everything Davis has done before. But this is a really good time to talk to him, and talk to him about how he saw his role at one of America's best banks. John Maxfield: Yeah, and if you think about it, to put Richard Davis in perspective, U.S. Bank is the fifth-largest commercial bank in the United States. Why would you dedicate a whole podcast to U.S. Bancorp? If you're in banking, you would know. But if you're not in banking, the big question is, "Why would you do that?" And the answer is twofold. First, Davis, if you just think about the greatest bankers of our generation, you have Robert Wilmers at M&T Bank, you have Jamie Dimon at JPMorgan Chase, you have a guy named William Demchak at PNC Financial, and you have Richard Davis. Richard Davis is literally one of the greatest bankers of the current generation. So, what can we learn from him? We are all investors. What can investors learn about being able to identify not only really good bankers, but also really good banks to invest in? Lapera: Yeah. A little background on Richard Davis, Davis started at U.S. Bancorp in 2006, 10 years ago, when everything was rosy and great for the banking industry, and it turned around pretty quickly, as I think most listeners know. U.S. Bancorp sailed through the financial crisis without much of a problem. In fact, they managed to take their solidity through the financial crisis and grow and outperform a bunch of other banks, which is a very impressive thing to do, when everyone else around you is failing, for you to be like, "I'm fine, and not only am I fine, but I'm going to do great." Maxfield: One clarification, in December of 2006 was when he was promoted to CEO. Davis has actually been with U.S. Bancorp for a little bit longer, because he was part of that original group -- there was a transformative merger in 2000 between Firststar and U.S. Bancorp that then created the U.S. Bancorp that we know today. And Richard Davis was kind of the No. 2 guy in that deal, and he finished his ascent through the ranks, and in December 2006 is when he took over. To your point, when he took over, U.S. Bancorp was already one of the most profitable banks in the country, and everything looked absolutely fantastic to them. But it was not too long after that that all dominos started tumbling in the financial crisis. Most banks, over 500 banks, failed during and after the financial crisis. And the banks that didn't fail, a lot of them got picked up for pennies on the dollar by better-positioned banks. And the banks that either didn't fail or didn't get acquired by better-positioned banks really struggled in the financial crisis, and lost a lot of money, like Bank of America and Citigroup. U.S. Bancorp was one of those few banks that didn't fail, wasn't picked up for pennies on the dollar by a competitor, didn't suffer enormous losses, and actually, to your point, emerged from the financial crisis in a stronger competitive position relative to its peers than it entered it. Gaby Lapera owns shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and US Bancorp. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 6, 2017 at 7:33PM Financials Stocks US Bancorp NYSE:USB $51.35 up $0.31 (0.61%) Read More An Interview With Richard Davis -- Chairman and CEO of U.S. Bancorp U.S. Bancorp's Enviable Problem Richard Davis' Twin Pillars of Prudent and Profitable Banking Bank Stocks and the Warren Buffett Premium The Top-Performing Big Bank Stocks From the Past Decade Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current How U.S. Bancorp Climbed to the Top of the Bank Industry @themotleyfool #stocks $USB
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Friday, April 7, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News U.S. Strikes Syria Over Chemical Attack More Than 50 Missiles Launched at Government Base By MICHAEL R. GORDON, HELENE COOPER and MICHAEL D. SHEAR 11:53 PM ET The United States fired 59 Tomahawk missiles at an air base in response to the Syrian government’s chemical weapons attack this week that killed more than 80 civilians. It was the first time the White House has ordered military action against forces loyal to the Syrian president.  Comments News Analysis For Trump, Strike Carries Risks, and Opportunities By DAVID E. SANGER 12:07 AM ET The strike could shape the future of Mr. Trump’s foreign policy after weeks of apparent disorganization and a hacking scandal involving Russia. Doug Mills/The New York Times   The Grim Logic Behind Assad Targeting Civilians By ANNE BARNARD The idea, analysts say, is to demoralize Mr. Assad’s foes, showing them that their cause is hopeless and that no one will come to their aid. Trump’s Far-Right Supporters Turn on Him Over Strike Transcript: Trump Speaks About the Strikes Map: The Targets 1:31 How the Missile Strike Happened By ROBIN LINDSAY and DAVE HORN What we know and don’t know about the U.S. military action on the Syrian air base » G.O.P. Deploys ‘Nuclear Option’ to Clear Gorsuch’s Path By MATT FLEGENHEIMER The move changes longstanding rules to bypass Democrats’ filibuster of President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee. Judge Neil M. Gorsuch can be confirmed with a simple majority vote, which is expected on Friday.  Comments How the Senators Voted Congressional Memo Fallout: The Senate Will Survive By JENNIFER STEINHAUER After the judicial filibuster was put to rest, senators on both sides talked about finding common ground to prove that the chamber still functioned. C.I.A. Had Early Evidence of Russian Effort to Help Trump By ERIC LICHTBLAU Former government officials said the agency told senior lawmakers last summer that it had information indicating that Russia was working to help get President Trump elected. Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Clearance Forms 9:14 PM ET Nunes to Step Aside From House Russia Investigation In a House Divided, Bannon’s Feud With Kushner Escalates By MAGGIE HABERMAN, JEREMY W. PETERS and PETER BAKER 9:42 PM ET The clash between Stephen K. Bannon and Jared Kushner is central to the direction of the Trump presidency, but hope of a middle ground seems to be fading. Bharara Links Firing to Trump Team’s ‘Incompetence’ By BENJAMIN WEISER and WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM In his first interview since being ousted as the United States attorney in Manhattan, Preet Bharara described a series of events preceding his firing that still has him confused. White House to Take Harder Tack on Trade With China By MARK LANDLER and MICHAEL D. SHEAR 10:05 PM ET President Trump planned to sign an executive order targeting steel dumping, a measure aimed at China and a potential victory for his hard-line advisers. Trump Recycles Overstated Campaign Claims About China and Trade 2:40 AM ET How Trump Can Improve Their Economic Relationship Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Your Evening Briefing By KAREN ZRAICK and SANDRA STEVENSON 11:10 PM ET Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Europe Edition Your Friday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 2:32 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Listen in as two Times reporters question President Trump about Susan Rice, Syria and Bill O’Reilly. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living 9 Podcast Episodes Worth Discussing A short playlist to kickstart your podcast listening and an invitation to join The New York Times Podcast Club. Your Money Our Best Guidance for Filing Your Tax Return By TIM HERRERA How to make filing your taxes just a little bit less painful. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Clinton Says Hacking Had ‘Great Effect’ on Election By SARAH MASLIN NIR 9:10 PM ET Hillary Clinton called for an independent investigation into Russian involvement and spared no criticism of the Trump White House during remarks at a women’s conference in New York. Fears of Online Backlash Force Brands to Show Values By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM and SAPNA MAHESHWARI 9:04 PM ET Advertisers are in the cross hairs of activists, aided by social media, who are demanding that they quickly take positions on issues. Twitter Sues U.S. Government to Keep Account Private By MIKE ISAAC 9:03 PM ET Twitter said it had a received a summons to reveal those behind an account that was critical of President Trump, and whose owners say they are dissident current or former government workers. Don Rickles, Who Made Comedy of Insults, Dies at 90 By PETER KEEPNEWS and RICHARD SEVERO For over half a century, Mr. Rickles made outrageously derisive comments about people’s looks, their ethnicity or anything else he could think of.  Comments Close to Half of American Adults Have Genital HPV By NICHOLAS BAKALAR High-risk strains of the virus — a cause of cervical and vaginal cancers, and cancer of the penis — infect 25.1 percent of men and 20.4 percent of women, a study found. Amtrak Said It Knew of Flaw That Led to Derailment By EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS and NICK CORASANITI Amtrak’s chief executive admitted that the railroad was aware that timber ties beneath the tracks at Pennsylvania Station had weakened, but did not recognize the severity of the problem. The Daily 360 1:43 The Very Tiny Dancers Kirsten Luce for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Brainy Special Ops Fight Destruction of the Amazon Hoffman Grabs Four-Stroke First-Round Lead in Masters F.D.A. to Allow Public Sale of Genetic Tests for Disease Risk Tesla Has Something Hotter Than Cars to Sell: Its Story Bomb Defused in St. Petersburg, Days After Attack The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. A Great Indian Novel Reaches American Shores Vivek Shanbhag’s “Ghachar Ghochar” is the first novel in Kannada, a language spoken by 40 million people, to be translated into English and published in America. Dutch Men Hold Hands to Support Attacked Couple Regardless of their sexual orientation, many in the Netherlands rallied in defense of two gay men who described being targeted by youths in the city of Arnhem. Tuscany Travel Tips From Massimo Ferragamo The chairman of Ferragamo USA recommends winery visits, hiking and biking, and beach time. (He also likes winter. No crowds.) The Opinion Pages Op-Ed | Antony J. Blinken After the Missiles, We Need Smart Diplomacy President Trump did the right thing in striking the Assad regime for using nerve gas in Syria. The hard part comes next.  Comments Editorial: The Regulatory Wrecking Ball Blow: Creeping Toward Crisis Kristof: My Most Unpopular Idea: Be Nice to Trump Voters Edsall: Trump Bets the House Bannon’s Out. But Did H.R. McMaster Win? Steve Bannon Isn’t a Genius Downsizing Mr. Bannon By THE EDITORIAL BOARD With the removal of an extremist political adviser comes a chance to build a more disciplined National Security Council.  Comments Dispatch What Do Donald Trump, Bill O’Reilly and Roger Ailes Have in Common? By SUSAN CHIRA 9:22 PM ET They’ve all been accused of sexual harassment.  Comments Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions The Times Chief Fashion Critic on the Mystery in her Closet Live Chat: Cultivating Mindfulness in Challenging Times Times Insider » The Times Chief Fashion Critic on the Mystery in her Closet The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story N.Y. / Region Exploring the Decade When New York Grew Up Opinion Learning to Love the Nuclear Option Entrepreneurship Toddlers’ Toy Doubles as Code Bootcamp N.Y. / Region Turning 107, and Sipping (Brandy) in the Bronx Opinion Will Mexico Get Half of Its Territory Back? Book Review New Books for Kids Explore the Nighttime Times Insider The Truths Locked Inside a Child Soldier Opinion Should America Have Entered World War I? Multimedia/Photos Letting Photos Reveal Themselves in Haiti Theater Forging Drama From Diplomacy Opinion The Wrong Move on Student Loans Book Review Novel Makes Diversity an Understatement Sections World » Disrespect Intended: Mechanic-Candidate Bursts French Political Elite’s Bubble State of emergency: Foes on the Run as Erdogan Makes Power Personal Mud Erased a Village in Peru, a Sign of Larger Perils in South America Business Day » Trump and Warren Agree? Maybe, on Plan to Shrink Big Banks As Anger at O’Reilly Builds, Activists Use Social Media to Prod Advertisers DealBook: Wall Street and Washington: A New Love Affair Opinion » Antony J. Blinken: After the Missiles, We Need Smart Diplomacy Editorial: President Trump’s Most Important Meeting Charles M. Blow: Creeping Toward Crisis U.S. » Quadruplets Offer Colleges Package Deal. Harvard and Yale Buy It. ‘Don’t Open the Door’: How Fear of an Immigration Raid Gripped a City Hillary Clinton Says Russia Used Hacking ‘to Great Effect’ in Her Defeat Technology » Twitter Sues the Government to Block the Unmasking of an Account Critical of Trump Lyft Gets $500 Million in New Funding as Its Rival Uber Wobbles State of the Art: The Online Ad Industry Is Undergoing Self-Reflection. That’s Good News. Arts » Native American Treasures Head to the Met, This Time as American Art Frederick Wiseman: The Filmmaker Who Shows Us Ourselves Don Rickles, Comedy’s Equal Opportunity Offender, Dies at 90 Politics » What We Know and Don’t Know About the Syria Airstrikes In Battle for Trump’s Heart and Mind, It’s Bannon vs. Kushner Kushner Omitted Meeting With Russians on Security Clearance Forms Fashion & Style » Women, Fashion Has You Covered Social Q’s: Feeling the Pull of Mom’s Judgment Add Festival Season to the Fashion Calendar Movies » Frederick Wiseman: The Filmmaker Who Shows Us Ourselves Review: ‘Colossal,’ With Anne Hathaway, Jason Sudeikis and Giant Monsters Anatomy of a Scene: Bill Condon Narrates a Scene From ‘Beauty and the Beast’ New York » Murder in the 4-0: In the South Bronx, Lives Marred and Erased by Firearms Preet Bharara Links Firing to Trump Team’s ‘Helter-Skelter Incompetence’ Cuomo Tries to Broker Budget Deal, With the Senate Out of Town Sports » On Golf: Jordan Spieth Discovers That Disaster Always Lurks at the Masters Charley Hoffman Grabs Four-Stroke First-Round Lead at Windy Augusta On Soccer: Where Have All the Goals Gone in the Bundesliga? Theater » Review: Kevin Kline Serves Ham in Soignée Silk in ‘Present Laughter’ Review: ‘Gently Down the Stream,’ a Romance and a Gay History Tour From ‘Camp David’ to ‘Oslo,’ Forging Drama from Diplomacy Science » Trilobites: Ancient Cannibals Didn’t Eat Just for the Calories, Study Suggests Trilobites: The Mucus-Shooting Worm-Snail That Turned Up in the Florida Keys Trilobites: A Genetic Oddity May Give Octopuses and Squids Their Smarts Obituaries » Don Rickles, Comedy’s Equal Opportunity Offender, Dies at 90 Arthur Bisguier, Brash, Self-Taught Bronx Chess Champion, Dies at 87 Lolis Elie, Lawyer Who Helped Desegregate New Orleans, Dies at 87 Television » Best of Late Night: ‘The Daily Show’ Names the ‘Greatest Trump Tweet of All Time’ Feature: CNN Had a Problem. Donald Trump Solved It. Watching: The Best TV Shows and Movies New to Netflix, Amazon and More in April Health » Close to Half of American Adults Infected With HPV, Survey Finds F.D.A. Will Allow 23andMe to Sell Genetic Tests for Disease Risk to Consumers Phys Ed: Why Deep Breathing May Keep Us Calm Travel » 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Cyprus Heads Up: Well-Made Coffee Migrates to Midtown Manhattan Pursuits: Off Belize, a Hunt for Saltwater Fly-Fishing’s Top Prizes Books » American Beauties: Illuminating the Beats From Their Shadow Telling Trump’s Story to Children: For Book Publishers, It’s Tricky Books of The Times: ‘Unwanted Advances’ Tackles Sexual Politics in Academia Education » My Perfect Imperfect Gap Year Strategy: 6 Reasons You May Not Graduate on Time Education Life: It Takes a Suburb: A Town Struggles to Ease Student Stress Food » Hungry City: Simple Taiwanese Food, Full of Secrets, at Mama Lee in Queens Fighting Eviction, a Gardener Turns to Organic Industry Giants for Help Wines of The Times: New Beaujolais, but Not Nouveau Sunday Review » Opinion: How Scared Should People on the Border Be? Editorial: Pick Your Favorite Ethics Offender in Trumpland Frank Bruni: Manhood in the Age of Trump Real Estate » Exclusive: Roy Lichtenstein’s Son Lists His Home for $25 Million The Hunt: Just the Right Amount of Space in Williamsburg What You Get: $2 Million Homes in California, Massachusetts and Texas The Upshot » Imperfect Partners: How Trump Can Improve the Messy U.S.-Chinese Economic Relationship Political Calculus: Democrats Are Bad at Midterm Turnout. That Seems Ready to Change. Cost of Carbon: What Financial Markets Can Teach Us About Managing Climate Risks Magazine » Feature: In the Shadow of a Fairy Tale Eat: Egg, Cheese and Toast, Mumbai Style Letter of Recommendation: Letter of Recommendation: Berliner Fernsehturm Automobiles » As U.S. Targets Berlin on Trade, German Manufacturers Lobby Trump Driven: Video Review: Hardtop MX-5 Miata RF Gains Elegance but Loses Openness Wheels: Soon, Your Car May Be Able to Read Your Expressions T Magazine » Perfect Strangers: When Father John Misty Met Patton Oswalt Men’s Fashion: The Simple Tank Top Sign of the Times: Why Are We So Obsessed With the End of the World? Times Insider » When a Reporter Breaks the News — To the Source The Times Chief Fashion Critic on the Mystery in her Closet Looking Back: 1986 | ‘Ms.’ Joins The Times’s Vocabulary Real Estate » The Hunt Just the Right Amount of Space in Williamsburg By JOYCE COHEN A Washington area transplant working in information technology finds a sweet spot along the J/M/Z subway line. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Stocks end higher as retailers and smaller companies rise April 6, 2017 • Business NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks inched higher Thursday as smaller retailers and banks traded higher and energy companies rose with fuel prices. Once again, the market was unable to hang on to more substantial gains from earlier in the day. Strong reports from companies including L Brands, the parent of Victoria’s Secret, and Bed Bath & Beyond helped retailers. Energy companies rose with the prices of oil and natural gas, and banks recovered some of the sharp losses they took a day ago. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 98 points early in the [auth] afternoon. However high-dividend stocks like phone companies and utilities skidded and technology companies also fell. Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist for U.S. Bank Wealth Management, said investors are feeling uncertain, and that may hold true for at least a few weeks. After a weak auto sales report on Monday, he said investors are wondering how fast the economy is growing and what that will mean for company earnings. “We expect volatility to be higher than what we experienced in the first quarter,” he said. It was the second day in a row that stocks slumped during afternoon trading, although the slip Thursday was far less dramatic than the one the day before. That slide started after the Federal Reserve said it may stop buying new bonds later this year and said its policymakers were grappling with whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 4.54 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,357.49. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 14.80 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,662.95. The Nasdaq composite gained 14.47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,878.95. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks performed far better. It climbed 12.28 points, or 0.9 percent, to 1,364.43. About three-fourths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange rose Thursday, but stocks are mostly down this week. The Russell 2000 has fallen 1.6 percent. Investors will get an updated picture of the economy in the coming weeks, including the government’s March report on employment Friday. Next week the Commerce Department will give a report on retailer sales and companies including JPMorgan Chase, Delta Air Lines and Netflix will report their earnings. L Brands jumped $4.75, or 11 percent, to $47.85 after it reported strong March sales. Bed Bath & Beyond surpassed analysts’ earnings estimates and climbed $1.28, or 3.4 percent, to $39.08. Department stores and mall-based retailers like Kohl’s, Nordstrom and Gap traded higher. Discount retailers Fred’s and Five Below made hefty gains after Fred’s announced its own quarterly results. Retail stocks have been hit hard for months as shoppers spend more money online and less at stores, especially ones based in malls. Bond prices recovered from an early decline. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.34 percent. Companies that pay big dividends, like phone companies and utilities, traded lower. Investors often sell those stocks when bond yields rise, as they did earlier in the day. U.S. crude oil added 55 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $51.70 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, the international standard, rose 53 cents, or 1 percent, to $54.89 a barrel in London. Wine, liquor and beer maker Constellation Brands jumped after it reported a larger profit and better sales than analysts expected. The company said its beer business, which includes Corona and Modelo, had a strong quarter, and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Its stock gained $10.37, or 6.4 percent, to $171.77. Sunoco climbed after it agreed to sell most of its convenience stores to 7-Eleven. Sunoco will get $3.3 billion and 7-Eleven will acquire 1,100 stores, mostly in the East Coast and Texas. Sunoco also struck a fuel supply deal with a 7-Eleven subsidiary and it plans to sell 200 more convenience stores in a separate deal. Shares of Sunoco jumped $4.83, or 20.2 percent, to $28.69. Consumer products giant Unilever said it will shake up its business after it rejected a $143 billion takeover effort from Kraft Heinz. It plans to sell its spreads business, which makes I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter and Country Crock, combine its food and refreshment divisions, and return more than $5 billion to investors by buying back stock and raising its dividend. Its shares gained 44 cents to $49.55. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 1 cent to $1.73 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.61 per gallon. Natural gas jumped 7 cents, or 2 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $4.80 to $1,253.30 an ounce. Silver added 6 cents to $18.25 an ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.66 a pound. The dollar fell to 110.78 yen from 110.86 yen. The euro fell to $1.0646 from $1.0667. France’s CAC 40 jumped 0.6 percent and the FTSE 100 index in Britain fell 0.4 percent. Germany’s DAX rose 0.1 percent. In Japan the benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 1.4 percent, and the Kospi of South Korea lost 0.4 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng fell 0.6 percent. Related Posts About the Author: - Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « City Council to consider opening Cahoon pool; Mayor Dennis Kintigh puts temporary reopening on April 13 council agenda Dog attacks on mail carriers hit 6,755 as online sales boom » Business Review GTO Beef Jerky Dining Guide Peppers Grill & Bar Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico to require officers to carry overdose antidote April 6, 2017 New Mexico governor acts on wide variety of bills April 6, 2017 Parts of New Mexico national forest temporarily closed April 6, 2017 Man gets life in prison for fatal stabbing of Clovis woman April 6, 2017 Los Alamos National Bank warns of ATM data skimmers April 6, 2017 Albuquerque Schools approve budget cuts, possible layoffs April 5, 2017 Truck, freight train collide at eastern New Mexico crossing April 5, 2017 Man accused of killing officer sentenced on weapons charges April 5, 2017 New Mexico, Texas seek licenses to store spent nuclear fuel April 5, 2017 Santa Fe gallery company closes bronze foundry in Tesuque April 5, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
zrefdqdq Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 4? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 4? Email for new password What is 0 + 4? Home » Financial Advisor » FA Online » Wall Street Doubts Trump Wants to Split Up Big U.S. Banks April 7, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article Print | Reprint | Share Wall Street Doubts Trump Wants To Split Up Big U.S. Banks April 6, 2017 • Zeke Faux and Donal Griffin Loading Other Articles... President Donald Trump and his advisers have vowed to bring back a Depression-era law that would cleave the biggest U.S. lenders in half by separating commercial and investment banking operations. Wall Street doesn’t expect that to happen. After chief economic adviser Gary Cohn reiterated the administration’s stance toward the Glass-Steagall Act in a private meeting with lawmakers on Wednesday, analysts said they viewed any radical regulatory changes as unlikely. Shares of Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co., which would be most affected by the rule, rose Thursday after Bloomberg first reported on Cohn’s comments. Reinstating Glass-Steagall, which was created after the banking crises of the 1930s and repealed in 1999, would require a rewriting of U.S. banking rules. The Dodd-Frank Act took more than a year of work by Congress. The Trump administration hasn’t put forward a detailed plan and the revisions proposed by House Republicans don’t involve the return of Glass-Steagall. “Anything resembling Glass-Steagall is so far from happening that it’s hard to envision,” said Ian Katz, an analyst at Capital Alpha Partners LLC. “It simply isn’t a priority issue in Congress.” The Republicans who control the House and the Senate want to loosen banking regulations, not make them stricter, Katz wrote. The Republican Party made restoring Glass-Steagall part of its platform, and Trump sometimes criticized the big banks during the campaign, saying “I’m not going to let Wall Street get away with murder.” Since taking office, he’s appointed Cohn and several other former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. bankers to top posts, and said that he’ll look to JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon for advice about regulatory reform. Splitting up the banks would be “a major mistake,” former Wells Fargo & Co. CEO Richard Kovacevich said Thursday in a Bloomberg Television interview. “When we had Glass-Steagall, investment banks were by themselves, unregulated and they were a very important reason why crises occurred,” Kovacevich said. “Why would we want to resurrect that?” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said during his confirmation hearing that he opposes the old Glass-Steagall, but supports a “21st Century” version. He didn’t elaborate on what he meant. “If you’ve listened to all the rhetoric on regulation, we’ve no real guidance on where we are going,” said Christopher Wheeler, an Atlantic Equities LLP analyst in London. “The uncertainty is immense and what you have to believe is that things will continue as they are.” First « 1 2 » Next To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you agree with the DOL's decision to review the fiduciary rule? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive Dow closes up 15 points Thursday Apr 6, 2017 at 4:56 PM Apr 6, 2017 at 4:56 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — U.S. stocks inched higher Thursday as smaller retailers and banks traded higher and energy companies rose with fuel prices. Once again, the market was unable to hang on to more substantial gains from earlier in the day. Strong reports from companies including L Brands, the parent of Victoria's Secret, and Bed Bath & Beyond helped retailers. Energy companies rose with the prices of oil and natural gas, and banks recovered some of the sharp losses they took a day ago. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 98 points early in the afternoon. However high-dividend stocks like phone companies and utilities skidded and technology companies also fell. Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist for U.S. Bank Wealth Management, said investors are feeling uncertain, and that may hold true for at least a few weeks. After a weak auto sales report on Monday, he said investors are wondering how fast the economy is growing and what that will mean for company earnings. "We expect volatility to be higher than what we experienced in the first quarter," he said. It was the second day in a row that stocks slumped during afternoon trading, although the slip Thursday was far less dramatic than the one the day before. That slide started after the Federal Reserve said it may stop buying new bonds later this year and said its policymakers were grappling with whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 4.54 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,357.49. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 14.80 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,662.95. The Nasdaq composite gained 14.47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,878.95. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks performed far better. It climbed 12.28 points, or 0.9 percent, to 1,364.43. About three-fourths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange rose Thursday, but stocks are mostly down this week. The Russell 2000 has fallen 1.6 percent. Investors will get an updated picture of the economy in the coming weeks, including the government's March report on employment Friday. Next week the Commerce Department will give a report on retailer sales and companies including JPMorgan Chase, Delta Air Lines and Netflix will report their earnings. L Brands jumped $4.75, or 11 percent, to $47.85 after it reported strong March sales. Bed Bath & Beyond surpassed analysts' earnings estimates and climbed $1.28, or 3.4 percent, to $39.08. Department stores and mall-based retailers like Kohl's, Nordstrom and Gap traded higher. Discount retailers Fred's and Five Below made hefty gains after Fred's announced its own quarterly results. Retail stocks have been hit hard for months as shoppers spend more money online and less at stores, especially ones based in malls. Bond prices recovered from an early decline. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.34 percent. Companies that pay big dividends, like phone companies and utilities, traded lower. Investors often sell those stocks when bond yields rise, as they did earlier in the day. U.S. crude oil added 55 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $51.70 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, the international standard, rose 53 cents, or 1 percent, to $54.89 a barrel in London. Wine, liquor and beer maker Constellation Brands jumped after it reported a larger profit and better sales than analysts expected. The company said its beer business, which includes Corona and Modelo, had a strong quarter, and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Its stock gained $10.37, or 6.4 percent, to $171.77. Sunoco climbed after it agreed to sell most of its convenience stores to 7-Eleven. Sunoco will get $3.3 billion and 7-Eleven will acquire 1,100 stores, mostly in the East Coast and Texas. Sunoco also struck a fuel supply deal with a 7-Eleven subsidiary and it plans to sell 200 more convenience stores in a separate deal. Shares of Sunoco jumped $4.83, or 20.2 percent, to $28.69. Consumer products giant Unilever said it will shake up its business after it rejected a $143 billion takeover effort from Kraft Heinz. It plans to sell its spreads business, which makes I Can't Believe It's Not Butter and Country Crock, combine its food and refreshment divisions, and return more than $5 billion to investors by buying back stock and raising its dividend. Its shares gained 44 cents to $49.55. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 1 cent to $1.73 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.61 per gallon. Natural gas jumped 7 cents, or 2 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $4.80 to $1,253.30 an ounce. Silver added 6 cents to $18.25 an ounce. Copper slipped 2 cents to $2.66 a pound. The dollar fell to 110.78 yen from 110.86 yen. The euro fell to $1.0646 from $1.0667. France's CAC 40 jumped 0.6 percent and the FTSE 100 index in Britain fell 0.4 percent. Germany's DAX rose 0.1 percent. In Japan the benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 1.4 percent, and the Kospi of South Korea lost 0.4 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.6 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel T&G Santa Woo Challenge Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Careers at the T&G Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RWE AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Forecasted to Post FY2019 Earnings of $1.50 Per Share Imperial Capital Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Abeona Therapeutics Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (ABEO) FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Storage Vault Canada Inc (SVI) Issued By Cormark Analysts Offer Predictions for Alkermes Plc’s FY2018 Earnings (ALKS) Jefferies Group Weighs in on J.Jill Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (JILL) National Bank Financial Comments on Storage Vault Canada Inc’s FY2018 Earnings (SVI) Mogo Finance Technology Inc (MOGO) Insider Michael A. Wekerle Acquires 10,000 Shares Brokerages Anticipate AngioDynamics, Inc. (ANGO) to Announce $0.15 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Set RWE AG (RWE) Target Price at $15.75 Brokerages Set Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Price Target at $24.25 ACI Worldwide Inc (ACIW) Receives $24.50 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Windstream Holdings, Inc. (WIN) Target Price at $6.50 Fulton Bank N.A. Decreases Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fulton Bank N.A. Cuts Position in GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shares Bought by Confluence Investment Management LLC Analysts Set Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Target Price at $37.78 Analysts Set Virtusa Co. (VRTU) PT at $37.60 Haverty Furniture Companies (HVT) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.23 Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set RWE AG (RWE) Target Price at $15.75 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of RWE AG (FRA:RWE) have received an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twenty-four brokerages that are covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, nine have given a hold recommendation and fourteen have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is €15.75 ($16.76). A number of equities analysts recently commented on the company. Kepler Capital Markets set a €16.00 ($17.02) price objective on RWE AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €13.30 ($14.15) price objective on RWE AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Commerzbank Ag set a €15.00 ($15.96) price objective on RWE AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a €14.70 ($15.64) price objective on RWE AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Finally, Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of RWE AG in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Shares of RWE AG (FRA:RWE) traded up 0.68% during trading on Monday, hitting €15.62. 22,130 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is €9.60 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of €14.20 and a 200-day moving average of €13.19. RWE AG has a 52 week low of €10.87 and a 52 week high of €16.45. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Brokerages Set RWE AG (RWE) Target Price at $15.75” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/brokerages-set-rwe-ag-rwe-target-price-at-15-75.html. About RWE AG RWE AG is a Germany-based electricity and gas company. It diversifies its activities into seven divisions: Germany, which consists of the Power Generation and Sales and Distribution Networks business area; Netherlands/Belgium; Great Britain; The Central Eastern and South Eastern Europe; Renewables; Upstream Gas and Oil, and Trading/Gas Midstream. Receive News & Ratings for RWE AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RWE AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Danone SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Expect W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Will Post Earnings of $0.78 Per Share Brokerages Expect W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Will Post Earnings of $0.78 Per Share Zacks: xG Technology Inc (XGTI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts TPI Composites Inc (TPIC) Receives $22.50 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Equinix, Inc. (EQIX) Research Coverage Started at Macquarie Analysts Set Athabasca Oil Corp (ATH) Price Target at $2.56 Zacks: xG Technology Inc (XGTI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set NiSource Inc. (NI) Target Price at $25.00 Brokerages Set NiSource Inc. (NI) Target Price at $25.00 Analysts Set Athabasca Oil Corp (ATH) Price Target at $2.56 Danone SA (BN) Receives €68.95 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set $66.67 Price Target for Innospec Inc. (IOSP) County Bancorp Inc (ICBK) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts UCP Inc (UCP) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate M/I Homes Inc (MHO) to Announce $0.38 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Set $7.00 Price Target for Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc (EGLE) Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.63 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts UCP Inc (UCP) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Monarch Casino & Resort, Inc. (MCRI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Banco de Chile (BCH) Receives $76.38 Average PT from Analysts Danone SA (BN) Receives €68.95 Consensus Price Target from Analysts April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Danone SA (EPA:BN) have earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the twenty brokerages that are covering the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is €68.95 ($73.35). A number of research analysts have recently commented on BN shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €64.00 ($68.09) price target on Danone SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. BNP Paribas set a €73.00 ($77.66) price target on Danone SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. S&P Global Inc set a €65.00 ($69.15) price target on Danone SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €56.00 ($59.57) price target on Danone SA and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 20th. Finally, Berenberg Bank set a €64.00 ($68.09) price target on Danone SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Shares of Danone SA (EPA:BN) traded up 0.46% on Monday, reaching €63.89. 1,039,703 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of €39.42 billion and a PE ratio of 22.90. Danone SA has a 52-week low of €57.66 and a 52-week high of €70.53. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €62.63 and a 200-day moving average of €61.60. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/danone-sa-bn-receives-68-95-consensus-price-target-from-analysts.html. About Danone SA Danone SA is engaged in holding directly or indirectly companies, and coordination of the main functions and activities. The Company operates through four segments: Fresh Dairy Products Division, Waters Division, Early Life Nutrition Division and Medical Nutrition Division. The Fresh Dairy Products Division is engaged in the production and distribution of yogurts, fermented dairy products and other fresh dairy specialties. Receive News & Ratings for Danone SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor This "Baby Berkshire" May Be Unlovable, but Its Profit Potential Is Undeniable Here at Private Briefing, we love targeting quality stocks that have fallen out of favor on Wall Street. Over the years, I’ve become an “emissary” for “Contrarian” stock-picking: It’s a strategy I really believe in, and is a subject I never get tired of talking about. It gives me a chance to explain the real “essence” of Contrarian investing – while also dispelling the single-biggest misconception to this investing approach. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: This Is How Trump's Economic Advisor Wants to Radically Change Wall Street Message: URL: https://mney.co/2o7c8Tb 3  −   =  2 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: This Is How Trump's Economic Advisor Wants to Radically Change Wall Street Message: URL: https://mney.co/2o7c8Tb 6  ×   =  fifty four Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Breaking Storiesone response Wall Street This Is How Trump's Economic Advisor Wants to Radically Change Wall Street By Casey Wilson, Associate Editor, Money Morning • April 6, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 5  +  1  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Gary Cohn at the World Economic Forum in Davos, January 2015 In a private meeting with lawmakers yesterday (April 5), Trump's economic advisor Gary Cohn said he supported a policy that could radically reshape Wall Street. You see, the former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) exec now supports a re-imposition of the Glass-Steagall Act – an idea that the U.S.' two main political parties support — but that the country's top banks loathe. This is a change of heart for Cohn. In February, the investment banker voiced his disdain for bank regulation measures when he said it was time to "attack the red tape of Dodd-Frank" in a FOX Business interview. Dodd-Frank is a less onerous regulation than Glass-Steagall. Bank stocks soared as investors considered the prospect of billions of dollars flowing back into their pockets. In fact, Goldman Sachs saw a jump of 1.29%. However, now the White House National Economic Council director is calling for more bank regulation… What Is Glass-Steagall? The Glass-Steagall Act is the Depression-era law that kept brick-and-mortar lending separate from investment banking for more than six decades. In other words, regular banks – the ones most Americans use to store their money – had to be separate from the banks that performed investing duties like security underwriting and trading. In theory, this kept big banks from gambling with your money. "Glass-Steagall became the law of the land on the heels of 5,000 banks failing between 1929 and 1933," said Money Morning Capital Wave Strategist – and Wall Street expert — Shah Gilani to Members in December. "Those failures hit depositors with more than $400 million in losses." Don't Miss: This investing strategy has delivered 217 double- and triple-digit peak-gain winners since 2011. And you can get access for just pennies a day. Learn more… However, the law was repealed in 1999 under former president Bill Clinton. Banks such as Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC), and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) gobbled up rivals and expanded into new businesses, becoming "one-stop-shopping financial behemoths," wrote Bloomberg on April 6. Now, Trump and members of his team – including Cohn – are aiming to bring the act back… Some Banks Will Fail, Others Will Flourish Dismantling the nation's banking giants isn't a partisan issue, which is one reason why Wall Street fears the idea could gain traction. You see, prior to Glass-Steagall, banks were "totally free" to traffic in securities, said Shah. However, Shah pointed out that Wall Street had a "culture of recklessness, cronyism, and fraud in the use of depositor funds and in the promotion of securities for sale to the public" before the act. Regardless, both political parties — and many voters — still resent that taxpayers had to rescue the industry with a $700 billion bailout during the 2008 financial crisis, according to Bloomberg. You see, advocates for bringing the law back claim that smaller banks could be allowed to fail without threatening the overall U.S. economy or needing expensive bailouts. However, Wall Street execs who are against Glass-Steagall counter that it would make U.S. lending less competitive with overseas mega-banks. Indeed, bringing the law back would have consequences for banks, both large and small… "A separation of investment and commercial banking would have a potentially bigger impact on global firms that have a big consumer banking unit," Brian Gardner, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette and Woods said in a research note on April 6. In fact, Goldman Sachs – Cohn's former employer of over 20 years – is an example of a firm that doesn't do much consumer lending while its peers, such as JPMorgan Chase, would be forced to make more dramatic changes. "What Trump said on the campaign trail versus what he's saying now – and what his cabinet picks are likely telling him – will have a huge impact on how this goal is achieved, and what – if any – upside there is for investors," said Shah to members in December. In fact, Shah outlined his own five-step plan – one that included reintroducing Glass-Steagall – for Money Morning Members. Here's how Trump can deregulate the banks without crashing the economy and shocking Wall Street… Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (1) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: donald trump Paul Livingston | April 6, 2017 Not so sure about bank regulations but do know this. America will never be great again with the federal tax based on production (income, savings and investment). America's Big Solution is the FAIRtax bill HR 25 / S 18. The FAIRtax moves the tax base from production to consumption with one simple progressive sales/consumption tax system with only one tax break, called the Prebate, that helps most the impoverished and lower income. With companion legislation the FAIRtax will renew our lost Freedom, Liberty and Civil Rights with the repeal of the 16th Amendment that enables direct taxation. Learn more and join the real/true tax reform cause at bigsolution.org and #FAIRtax Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website one  ×  9  =  Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT This "Baby Berkshire" May Be Unlovable, but Its Profit Potential Is Undeniable Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Breaking Stories (this article) Politics Alerts (this article) Financial Regulation Alerts (this article) Best Investments Alerts Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 6, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Push Higher as Weekly Jobless Claims Record Biggest Drop in Nearly Two Years April 6, 2017 By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment This Bullish Silver Price News Supports Our Bold Forecast April 6, 2017 By Casey Wilson 1 Comment This Is How Trump's Economic Advisor Wants to Radically Change Wall Street Trending Posts 3889 Reads 10 Likes Top Penny Stock Gainers to Watch in April 2017 The top penny stock gainers of March 2017 will be the biggest stocks to watch in April. Here are the 10 best performers, one of which posted a 98.5% return... 3682 Reads 14 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (April 3) There's exciting news about the top marijuana stocks to watch this week. In fact, there's one pot stock that could climb 201% over the next year... Today's Markets DJIA 14.80 (0.07%) 20,662.95 NASDAQ 14.47 (0.25%) 5,878.95 S&P 4.54 (0.19%) 2,357.49 GS 0.98 (0.43%) 228.64 C 0.30 (0.50%) 59.89 BAC 0.09 (0.39%) 23.26 JPM 0.29 (0.34%) 86.48 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Breaking Stories (this article) Politics Alerts (this article) Financial Regulation Alerts (this article) Best Investments Alerts View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pagegroup PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Carillion (CIOIF) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Receives GBX 445 Average Target Price from Brokerages Encana Corp (ECA) Receives $13.78 Average Price Target from Analysts Pimco CA Muni. Income Fund III (PZC) Plans $0.06 Monthly Dividend PCM Fund, Inc. (PCM) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 11th Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Pimco CA Municipal Income Fund (PCQ) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.08 PCM Fund, Inc. (PCM) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 11th Zacks: Pharma Mar (PHMMF) Given Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages HALMA (HLMAF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Airbus Group SE (EAD) Given a €84.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Graco Inc. (GGG) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Hill & Smith Holdings PLC (HILS) Given New GBX 1,450 Price Target at Peel Hunt First Bancorp’s (FBP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Brokerages Set Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Target Price at $212.92 Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages FY2017 EPS Estimates for Mullen Group Ltd Reduced by National Bank Financial (MTL) Eastmain Resources Inc (ER) Director Purchases C$31,605.00 in Stock Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Given “Buy” Rating at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Pagegroup PLC (MPI) Receives GBX 445 Average Target Price from Brokerages April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Pagegroup PLC (LON:MPI) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the fourteen brokerages that are presently covering the stock. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, seven have assigned a hold recommendation and five have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month price objective among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 430.42 ($5.37). A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the company. Royal Bank of Canada upped their target price on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 400 ($4.99) to GBX 430 ($5.37) and gave the stock a “sector performer” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 440 ($5.49) target price on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 360 ($4.49) to GBX 390 ($4.87) and gave the stock an “underweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 390 ($4.87) target price on shares of Pagegroup PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc upped their target price on Pagegroup PLC from GBX 440 ($5.49) to GBX 490 ($6.12) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/pagegroup-plc-mpi-receives-gbx-445-average-target-price-from-brokerages.html. About Pagegroup PLC PageGroup plc, formerly Michael Page International plc, is engaged in the recruitment consultancy and other ancillary services. The Company’s segments include EMEA, United Kingdom, Asia Pacific and Americas. The Company is organized into approximately three brands operating at various levels of the market: Michael Page, Page Personnel and Page Executive. Receive News & Ratings for Pagegroup PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pagegroup PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Asian markets on edge as US strikes Syria amid Xi summit - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Call for Action Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Asian markets on edge as US strikes Syria amid Xi summit 2017-04-07T04:28:25Z2017-04-07T04:28:25Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan). In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Global stocks traded in narrow ranges Thursday, April 6, 2017, as investors nervously awaited the first meeting between President Don... By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stock indexes were mixed Friday after the U.S. fired missiles at Syria during President Donald Trump's first meeting with China's president, leaving investors on edge over the global outlook. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.6 percent to 18,700.11 after dipping earlier in the day. The Shanghai Composite index added 0.3 percent to 3,289.09. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.1 percent to 2,150.74. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 0.6 percent to 24,137.11 and Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.2 percent to 5,846.20. AIRSTRIKES: U.S. warships fired about 60 cruise missiles at a Syrian air base in retaliation for a horrific chemical attack against civilians. The attack was a reversal for Trump, who had previously warned against involvement in the Syrian war but now says it is in the "vital national security interest" of the United States. US-CHINA SUMMIT: The strikes came as Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping opened a high-stakes summit in Florida. Tensions over trade and North Korea's nuclear ambitions are among big topics on the agenda for the first meeting between the leaders of the world's two biggest economies. Trump appeared lighthearted as he greeted Xi ahead of a dinner on Thursday evening before the two were to tackle specifics the next day. MARKET VIEW: "Formalities have been exchanged in the first day between the two leaders," said Jingyi Pan of IG in Singapore. "The second day is when the two sides are expected to delve into more market moving issues. Any tense outcomes could jeopardize potential gains for markets from positive economic data." SAMSUNG'S QUARTER: The South Korean electronics giant posted a 48 percent jump in profits for the first three months of the year, beating analyst forecasts. Samsung released an upbeat earnings preview despite unprecedented crises including criminal charges for top executives linked to a political scandal and a fire-prone smartphone. Full numbers are due later in the month. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks ended slightly higher. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 0.2 percent to 2,357.49. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.1 percent to 20,662.95. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2 percent to 5,878.95. ENERGY: U.S. benchmark crude oil rose 81 cents to $52.51 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added 55 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $51.70 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 74 cents to $55.61 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 110.55 yen from 110.80 yen. The euro rose to $1.0649 from $1.0645. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signs voucher bill Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey signs voucher bill Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 3:01 AM EDT2017-04-07 07:01:53 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 3:01 AM EDT2017-04-07 07:01:53 GMT A yearslong effort by school choice advocates to expand a private school voucher program to all 1.1 million Arizona schoolchildren appeared poised for success Thursday after a key Republican Senate opponent...More >> A yearslong effort by school choice advocates to expand a private school voucher program to all 1.1 million Arizona schoolchildren appeared poised for success Thursday after a key Republican Senate opponent negotiated a growth cap he called permanent.More >> Funding concern factored in public radio firing Funding concern factored in public radio firing University officials who fired a Chattanooga public radio reporter for not identifying herself in sessions with Tennessee lawmakers were worried about losing state funding if they didn't take action.More >> University officials who fired a Chattanooga public radio reporter for not identifying herself in sessions with Tennessee lawmakers were worried about losing state funding if they didn't take action.More >> Former AG Lynch returns to Harvard for black policy forum Former AG Lynch returns to Harvard for black policy forum Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 12:33 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:33:25 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 12:33 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:33:25 GMT Former U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch is returning to Harvard _ her alma mater.More >> Former U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch is returning to Harvard _ her alma mater.More >> Full New York rail service expected, 4 days after derailment Full New York rail service expected, 4 days after derailment Posted: Friday, April 7 2017 12:28 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:28:43 GMT Updated: Friday, April 7 2017 12:28 AM EDT2017-04-07 04:28:43 GMT Four days after a train derailed at New York's Penn Station and created major headaches for commuters, service is expected to return to normal.More >> Four days after a train derailed at New York's Penn Station and created major headaches for commuters, service is expected to return to normal.More >> Trump kicks off Florida meetings with Chinese president Trump kicks off Florida meetings with Chinese president Posted: Thursday, April 6 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-04-07 03:38:48 GMT Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-04-07 03:38:48 GMT China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Florida for meetings with President Donald Trump.More >> China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Florida for meetings with President Donald Trump.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Array Biopharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Target Price at $212.92 Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages FY2017 EPS Estimates for Mullen Group Ltd Reduced by National Bank Financial (MTL) Eastmain Resources Inc (ER) Director Purchases C$31,605.00 in Stock Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Given “Buy” Rating at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Given New $60.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Goldman Sachs Group’s (GS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Meta Financial Group Inc. (CASH) Receives Buy Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Price Target Lowered to $107.00 at Pivotal Research Gigamon (GIMO) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports PrivateBancorp (PVTB) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Director Michael J. Pellini Sells 1,700 Shares of Stock Healthequity Inc (HQY) Insider Jon Kessler Sells 30,000 Shares Experian plc’s (EXPGY) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG WOOD GROUP (JOHN) (WDGJF) Now Covered by Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Given New $125.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc (PTI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Petrofac (POFCF) Given Underperform Rating at Sanford C. Bernstein Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY) has earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the ten analysts that are presently covering the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and seven have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $11.10. Several research firms have recently issued reports on ARRY. Vetr cut Array Biopharma from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $10.50 target price on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Array Biopharma from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $10.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research cut Array Biopharma from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $15.00 target price on Array Biopharma and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $15.00 target price (up from $10.00) on shares of Array Biopharma in a research note on Friday, February 10th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/array-biopharma-inc-arry-receives-consensus-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Shares of Array Biopharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) traded up 0.12% during trading on Thursday, reaching $8.49. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,729,172 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $10.46 and its 200 day moving average is $8.70. The firm’s market cap is $1.43 billion. Array Biopharma has a one year low of $2.60 and a one year high of $13.40. Array Biopharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.14) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.18) by $0.04. The business had revenue of $44.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $31.90 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted ($0.17) earnings per share. Array Biopharma’s quarterly revenue was up 25.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Array Biopharma will post ($0.71) EPS for the current fiscal year. In related news, Director Charles M. Baum sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.27, for a total value of $231,750.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $278,100. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 2.60% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Aperio Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Array Biopharma by 13.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 16,494 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 1,978 shares during the last quarter. Palisade Capital Management LLC NJ purchased a new stake in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter valued at $148,000. Fred Alger Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Array Biopharma during the fourth quarter valued at $176,000. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Array Biopharma by 2.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 34,502 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $233,000 after buying an additional 848 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Deltec Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter valued at $270,000. 88.58% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Array Biopharma Array BioPharma Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer. The Company’s programs include approximately three cancer drugs, binimetinib, encorafenib and selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca, PLC). Receive News & Ratings for Array Biopharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 42° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Clear. Tonight A clear sky. Low 31F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 6, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking US launches attack against Syrian air base Close Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Global stocks traded in narrow ranges Thursday, April 6, 2017, as investors nervously awaited the first meeting between President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, a day after minutes to the last meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve showed policymakers discussing how to unwind crisis-era policy measures. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP Asian markets edgy as US strikes Syrian base amid Xi summit By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer Apr 6, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 Mark Lennihan In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Global stocks traded in narrow ranges Thursday, April 6, 2017, as investors nervously awaited the first meeting between President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, a day after minutes to the last meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve showed policymakers discussing how to unwind crisis-era policy measures. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stock indexes sank Friday as the U.S. fired missiles at a Syrian air base during President Donald Trump's first meeting with China's president, leaving investors on edge over the global outlook. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index fell 0.2 percent to 18,553.33 while South Korea's Kospi lost 0.4 percent to 2,143.66. Hong Kong's Hang Seng shed 1.1 percent to 24,016.40 and the Shanghai Composite in mainland China dipped 0.1 percent to 3,279.21. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.1 percent to 5,852.90. AIRSTRIKES: U.S. warships fired about 60 cruise missiles at a Syrian airbase in retaliation for a horrific chemical attack against civilians. The attack was a reversal for Trump, who had previously warned about getting involved in the Syrian war but now said that it was in the "vital national security interest" of the United States. US-CHINA SUMMIT: The strikes came as Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping opened a high-stakes summit in Florida. Tensions over trade and North Korea's nuclear ambitions are among big topics on the agenda for the first meeting between the leaders of the world's two biggest economies. Trump appeared lighthearted as he greeted Xi ahead of a dinner on Thursday evening before the two delve into the details the next day. MARKET VIEW: "Formalities have been exchanged in the first day between the two leaders," said Jingyi Pan of IG in Singapore. "The second day is when the two sides are expected to delve into more market moving issues. Any tense outcomes could jeopardize potential gains for markets from positive economic data." SAMSUNG'S QUARTER: The South Korean electronics giant posted a 48 percent jump in profits for the first three months of the year, beating analyst forecasts. Samsung released an upbeat earnings preview despite unprecented crises including criminal charges against top executives tied to a political scandal and a fire-prone smartphone. Full numbers are due later in the month. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks ended slightly higher. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 0.2 percent to 2,357.49. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.1 percent to 20,662.95. The Nasdaq composite gained 0.2 percent to 5,878.95. ENERGY: U.S. benchmark crude oil rose 85 cents to $52.55 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added 55 cents, or 1.1 percent, to settle at $51.70 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 88 cents to $55.77 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 110.27 yen from 110.80 yen. The euro rose to $1.0652 from $1.0645. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Financial Markets Brewery Operation Alcoholic Beverage Manufacturing Beverage Manufacturing Food, Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Japanese Yen Currency Markets Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Sausages and coffee cakes are focus of Bushy’s and Buff’s Steve Cahalan: Law firm moving to former chamber office building Need milk? Dozens of Wisconsin dairy farmers scrambling to find buyers in saturated market Shoe chain Payless files for bankruptcy protection; La Crosse stores to remain open Where do You Get Your Money's Worth from State Taxes? Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Given “Buy” Rating at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Given New $60.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Goldman Sachs Group’s (GS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Meta Financial Group Inc. (CASH) Receives Buy Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Liberty Broadband Corp (LBRDA) Price Target Lowered to $107.00 at Pivotal Research Gigamon (GIMO) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports PrivateBancorp (PVTB) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Director Michael J. Pellini Sells 1,700 Shares of Stock Healthequity Inc (HQY) Insider Jon Kessler Sells 30,000 Shares Experian plc’s (EXPGY) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG WOOD GROUP (JOHN) (WDGJF) Now Covered by Analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Given New $125.00 Price Target at Canaccord Genuity Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Proteostasis Therapeutics Inc (PTI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Petrofac (POFCF) Given Underperform Rating at Sanford C. Bernstein Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Downgraded by William Blair to Market Perform BNP Paribas SA (BNPQY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Rayonier Advanced Materials Inc (RYAM) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Vetr Inc. Goldman Sachs Group’s (GS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG restated their buy rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) in a research report released on Wednesday morning. Credit Suisse Group AG currently has a $260.00 target price on the investment management company’s stock. GS has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Daiwa Capital Markets upgraded Goldman Sachs Group from a hold rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Argus restated a hold rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Vetr downgraded Goldman Sachs Group from a hold rating to a sell rating and set a $219.84 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, December 26th. HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating and issued a $291.00 target price on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $226.40. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) traded up 0.99% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $229.91. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,943,088 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $242.56 and its 200 day moving average is $218.04. Goldman Sachs Group has a 12 month low of $138.20 and a 12 month high of $255.15. The company has a market cap of $95.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.12 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.82 by $0.26. The firm earned $8.17 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $7.80 billion. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $4.68 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.30 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/goldman-sachs-groups-gs-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd were paid a $0.65 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.14%. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently 15.89%. In related news, EVP Alan M. Cohen sold 5,599 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.16, for a total value of $1,400,645.84. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,135 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,296,091.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, EVP John F.W. Rogers sold 32,325 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $250.06, for a total value of $8,083,189.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 94,458 shares in the company, valued at approximately $23,620,167.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 128,590 shares of company stock worth $30,926,594. 2.61% of the stock is owned by insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GS. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 0.9% in the third quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 9,265 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $1,494,000 after buying an additional 82 shares in the last quarter. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 11.1% in the third quarter. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. now owns 7,155 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $1,154,000 after buying an additional 712 shares in the last quarter. Greenleaf Trust purchased a new position in Goldman Sachs Group during the third quarter worth approximately $241,000. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 2.2% in the third quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 838 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $135,000 after buying an additional 18 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 887.5% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 20,865 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $3,365,000 after buying an additional 18,752 shares in the last quarter. 72.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FirstCash Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Invesco Dynamic Credit Opportunities Fd (VTA) to Issue $0.07 Monthly Dividend Eaton Vance Municipal Income Trust (EVN) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.06 FirstCash Inc (FCFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Director Sells $34,227.20 in Stock Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Director Sells $34,227.20 in Stock Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts FirstCash Inc (FCFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Eaton Vance Municipal Income Trust (EVN) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Invesco Dynamic Credit Opportunities Fd (VTA) to Issue $0.07 Monthly Dividend DXC Technology Company Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share (DXC) DXC Technology Company Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share (DXC) Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Crdt Opptys Fd (NZF) Given Media Impact Score of 0.31 Performance Sports Group (PSG) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.35 Mindray Medical International (MR) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Effect ReneSola (SOL) Share Price Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Blackrock Muniyield Quality Fund II Inc. (MQT) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 11th Analysts Set Kellogg Company (K) PT at $83.43 FirstCash Inc (FCFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the nine ratings firms that are covering the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, three have assigned a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $52.33. A number of research firms recently issued reports on FCFS. JMP Securities decreased their price target on shares of FirstCash from $57.00 to $52.00 and set a “mkt outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Wedbush decreased their price target on shares of FirstCash from $53.00 to $50.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of FirstCash in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Stephens started coverage on shares of FirstCash in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $44.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of FirstCash from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of FCFS. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in FirstCash by 83.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,354,858 shares of the company’s stock worth $157,947,000 after buying an additional 1,525,120 shares during the last quarter. Fiduciary Management Inc. WI boosted its position in FirstCash by 3.3% in the fourth quarter. Fiduciary Management Inc. WI now owns 2,374,410 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,597,000 after buying an additional 75,506 shares during the last quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC boosted its position in FirstCash by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC now owns 1,684,580 shares of the company’s stock worth $79,175,000 after buying an additional 23,337 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in FirstCash by 158.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,550,538 shares of the company’s stock worth $73,000,000 after buying an additional 951,670 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. boosted its position in FirstCash by 1.4% in the third quarter. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. now owns 1,419,166 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,814,000 after buying an additional 19,400 shares during the last quarter. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/firstcash-inc-fcfs-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. Shares of FirstCash (NASDAQ:FCFS) opened at 48.25 on Monday. FirstCash has a 52 week low of $39.80 and a 52 week high of $53.29. The company has a market cap of $2.33 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.08 and a beta of 0.90. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $45.05 and its 200-day moving average is $45.90. FirstCash (NASDAQ:FCFS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.76 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $462.04 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $451.64 million. FirstCash’s revenue for the quarter was up 141.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.69 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that FirstCash will post $2.53 earnings per share for the current year. About FirstCash FirstCash, Inc, formerly First Cash Financial Services, Inc, is an operator of retail-based pawn stores in the United States and Mexico. The Company’s primary business is the operation of pawn stores, which make small pawn loans secured by personal property. Its pawn stores generate retail sales from the merchandise acquired through collateral forfeitures and over-the-counter purchases from customers. Receive News & Ratings for FirstCash Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FirstCash Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Invesco Dynamic Credit Opportunities Fd (VTA) to Issue $0.07 Monthly Dividend Eaton Vance Municipal Income Trust (EVN) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.06 FirstCash Inc (FCFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Director Sells $34,227.20 in Stock Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Director Sells $34,227.20 in Stock Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts FirstCash Inc (FCFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Eaton Vance Municipal Income Trust (EVN) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.06 Invesco Dynamic Credit Opportunities Fd (VTA) to Issue $0.07 Monthly Dividend DXC Technology Company Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share (DXC) DXC Technology Company Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.77 Per Share (DXC) Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Crdt Opptys Fd (NZF) Given Media Impact Score of 0.31 Performance Sports Group (PSG) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.35 Mindray Medical International (MR) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Effect ReneSola (SOL) Share Price Pacific Continental Co. (PCBK) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Blackrock Muniyield Quality Fund II Inc. (MQT) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 11th Analysts Set Kellogg Company (K) PT at $83.43 FirstCash Inc (FCFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet FirstCash Inc (NASDAQ:FCFS) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the nine ratings firms that are covering the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, three have assigned a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $52.33. A number of research firms recently issued reports on FCFS. JMP Securities decreased their price target on shares of FirstCash from $57.00 to $52.00 and set a “mkt outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Wedbush decreased their price target on shares of FirstCash from $53.00 to $50.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating on shares of FirstCash in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Stephens started coverage on shares of FirstCash in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $44.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of FirstCash from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of FCFS. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in FirstCash by 83.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,354,858 shares of the company’s stock worth $157,947,000 after buying an additional 1,525,120 shares during the last quarter. Fiduciary Management Inc. WI boosted its position in FirstCash by 3.3% in the fourth quarter. Fiduciary Management Inc. WI now owns 2,374,410 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,597,000 after buying an additional 75,506 shares during the last quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC boosted its position in FirstCash by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC now owns 1,684,580 shares of the company’s stock worth $79,175,000 after buying an additional 23,337 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in FirstCash by 158.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,550,538 shares of the company’s stock worth $73,000,000 after buying an additional 951,670 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. boosted its position in FirstCash by 1.4% in the third quarter. Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. now owns 1,419,166 shares of the company’s stock worth $66,814,000 after buying an additional 19,400 shares during the last quarter. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/firstcash-inc-fcfs-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-brokerages-2.html. Shares of FirstCash (NASDAQ:FCFS) opened at 48.25 on Monday. FirstCash has a 52 week low of $39.80 and a 52 week high of $53.29. The company has a market cap of $2.33 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.08 and a beta of 0.90. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $45.05 and its 200-day moving average is $45.90. FirstCash (NASDAQ:FCFS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.77 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.76 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $462.04 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $451.64 million. FirstCash’s revenue for the quarter was up 141.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.69 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that FirstCash will post $2.53 earnings per share for the current year. About FirstCash FirstCash, Inc, formerly First Cash Financial Services, Inc, is an operator of retail-based pawn stores in the United States and Mexico. The Company’s primary business is the operation of pawn stores, which make small pawn loans secured by personal property. Its pawn stores generate retail sales from the merchandise acquired through collateral forfeitures and over-the-counter purchases from customers. Receive News & Ratings for FirstCash Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FirstCash Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Latest Popular Search Sign in My Account | Sign Out TNY Store The U.S. Air Strike in Syria: First Thoughts by The New Yorker “Amélie” Arrives on Broadway by Michael Schulman “Colossal”: A Monster Movie Hiding Ugly Romantic Passions by Richard Brody Gorsuch Wins, the Filibuster Loses by Amy Davidson The U.S. Air Strike in Syria: First Thoughts by The New Yorker Steve Bannon Is Losing to the Globalists by John Cassidy Where Prince Charles Went Wrong by Zoë Heller The Reclusive Hedge-Fund Tycoon Behind the Trump Presidency by Jane Mayer Go Sign in My Account | Sign Out News Culture Books Business & Tech Humor Cartoons Magazine Video Audio Archive Goings On Search Close Adam Davidson What Jamie Dimon Is Trying to Say to Trump By Adam Davidson   April 6, 2017 Jamie Dimon’s list of economic problems came from the progressive wing of the Democratic Party, but his solutions were out of the Republican handbook.CreditPHOTOGRAPH BY DYLAN MARTINEZ / REUTERS In March, 2003, I was living in Amman, Jordan, as the Iraq War was being fought across the border, and I remember interviewing a group of currency traders in the basement of a decrepit shopping mall. They were strong Islamists, confident that Saddam Hussein would destroy the American Army. They used the phrase “rivers of American blood.” Their trades told a different story; they were buying American dollars and selling Iraqi dinars, a trade that made sense only if they believed that the U.S., not Iraq, would win the war. When I pointed this out, one of them told me that the trades were business and shouldn’t be confused with what they said. That was a rare instance of traders not talking their book, Wall Street slang for aligning your words with your particular investment strategy—that is, your “book.” Shorts—people who bet against stocks—are always bad-mouthing companies, while any investor who owns a lot of a firm’s stock will surely extol that company’s greatness. During the Obama Administration, I had a conversation with Jeffrey Immelt, the C.E.O. of G.E., who was at the time the head of a White House panel trying to improve employment. Immelt pressed a solution, rooted in his book: the President should help G.E. sell more heavy equipment to other countries. Talking your book was on my mind when I read a recent letter to shareholders from Jamie Dimon, the C.E.O. of JPMorgan Chase, a document that got a lot of attention on Wall Street this week. In addition to the usual corporate spin about how well the bank is performing, there was a surprising section, titled “Public Policy.” “The United States of America is truly an exceptional country,” Dimon wrote, listing several reasons, from the grand (strongest military, longest democracy, rule of law) to the trite (“great work ethic and can-do attitude”). But the letter then turns to a surprisingly searing analysis of the American economy: “It is clear that something is wrong—and it’s holding us back.” Dimon writes like a more restrained Bernie Sanders. He laments the disappearing middle class. He points to household median wages, which are lower today than they were in 1999, and to the “dramatically increased student defaults” owing to the sudden explosion of student debt. “We should be ringing the national alarm bell that inner city schools are failing our children,” he opines. In a line that could have come directly from a MoveOn.org appeal, he notes, “Over the last 16 years, we have spent trillions of dollars on wars when we could have been investing that money productively.” The letter received a lot of attention on Twitter. One tweet referred to Dimon as a “New Deal Democrat.” He has, indeed, given hundreds of thousands of dollars to Democratic candidates, including Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama, but the tone of the letter seemed to go to another level. After reading the list of complaints against America, I thought, Why would a banker—whose mix of investment depends on growth and optimism—be so flagrantly talking against his book? The answer came in the letter’s solutions. While his recitation of the problems came from the progressive wing of the Democratic Party, his solutions were entirely out of the Trump and G.O.P. handbook. “Reducing corporate taxes would incent business investment and job creation,” he wrote. Not satisfied with mere job creation, he asserted that “counterintuitively, reducing corporate taxes would also improve wages.” Most urgently, he called for a dramatic cutback in regulation. He said that regulations cost two trillion dollars a year, or “approximately $15,000 per U.S. household annually,” as if the best way to understand regulation is that it is a cost coming out of each American’s pocket. (It isn’t.) For Dimon’s book—the banking industry—regulation is definitely a hassle, and has become more of one since the passage of the Dodd-Frank financial reforms. He bemoans the fact that “since the financial crisis, thousands of new rules and regulations have been put into place by multiple regulators in the United States and around the world.” This has cost banks money. He doesn’t note that the explicit goal of much banking regulation is to protect consumers from bankers seeking profit, and to protect against another financial crisis. Dimon is late to the analysis of inequality in America. It is a topic that has fixated economists and the public for at least a decade. Most other analyses focus on many of the same problems but look to other causes, like the shift of wealth and income over the past forty years from labor to capital, from workers to owners, from the poor to the rich. This is the fundamental change in our economic system over the past generation, not a sudden increase in regulation and taxation. In fact, the tax burden on the very rich and on corporations is at near-record lows since the dawn of our modern tax system. The name Trump does not appear in the letter, but it hovers over every word. Dimon dances lightly with the President, turning Trump’s concerns into his own, with a slightly different rhythm. Yes, Dimon admits, he supports trade with Mexico, “a long-standing peaceful neighbor.” But he puts his support in Trumpian terms. Trade with Mexico, “actually reduces immigration,” he argues, and will help prevent Mexico from being “hijacked by populist and anti-American leaders (like Chavez did in Venezuela).” Dimon on China is, essentially, Trump on China, expressed more clearly: “The United States has some serious trade issues with China, which have grown over the years—from cybersecurity and the protection of intellectual property to tariffs, non-tariff trade barriers and non-fulfillment of World Trade Organization obligations.” I have found one—and only one—economist who broadly agrees with Trump’s approach to the U.S. economy. Even those many Republican-leaning thinkers who embrace lower taxes and less regulation are horrified by Trump’s “America First” language, manifest in policies that are anti-immigration, anti-trade, and anti-global-institutions. Aside from whatever else might be wrong with them, these policies are widely seen as a deep threat to America’s economic health. Dimon barely touches on them. He, briefly, addresses his non-addressing of immigration: “I’m not going to write about immigration in this letter—we have always supported proper immigration—it is a vital part of the strength of America, and, properly done, it enhances the economy and the vitality of the country.” Even there, the repeated use of “proper” is clearly a nod to Trump, allowing this light slap at his anti-immigration policies to be reinterpreted as an embrace. It has been a wonderful few months for Dimon. His company, which is the largest bank in the U.S., has seen its stock rise thirty per cent since the election. Bank stocks can go up for a variety of reasons, but one reason is that investors believe that they will be able to receive a larger share of the nation’s wealth. In a still slow-growing economy, this means that wealth will come from others. That is certainly the expectation in a Trump economy, and Dimon, in addressing his letter to his investors, but also to Trump and his Administration, seems to recognize that. He presented his expertise on what the government needs to do to improve Americans’ lives, and his solutions largely benefit the very rich, especially those who make money from trading financial instruments; in short, he talked his book. Adam Davidson is a staff writer at The New Yorker. More More: Donald Trump Jamie Dimon Sign up for the daily newsletter: The best of The New Yorker every day. Enter e-mail address Go Please enter a valid e-mail address Submitting... Thank you for subscribing. You’ll receive your first newsletter soon. View all newsletters » Most Popular The U.S. Air Strike in Syria: First Thoughts By The New Yorker Steve Bannon Is Losing to the Globalists By John Cassidy Where Prince Charles Went Wrong By Zoë Heller The Reclusive Hedge-Fund Tycoon Behind the Trump Presidency By Jane Mayer The Infantilizing Ways We Talk About Women’s Ambition By Jia Tolentino Our thirty most popular Do you have a tip for The New Yorker that requires anonymity and security? Send it via SecureDrop. » More From the New Yorker Currency Trump’s Muse on U.S. Trade with China Adam Davidson A Reporter at Large Donald Trump’s Worst Deal Adam Davidson News Desk The U.S. Air Strike in Syria: First Thoughts The New Yorker John Cassidy Steve Bannon Is Losing to the Globalists John Cassidy Link your subscription Link your subscription Have a login? Sign In Already have a login? Sign in Link Your Subscription Have a login? Sign in About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store SecureDrop About About Careers Cartoon Bank Contact Customer Care FAQ Media Kit On The Town Press Reprints RSS Site Map Store Strongbox Condé Nast Digital © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. Our sites Allure Architectural Digest Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides.com Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Teen Vogue Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and privacy policy (effective 1/2/2016). Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IRIDEX (IRIX) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.31 Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Likely to Effect Landstar System (LSTR) Share Price MEDNAX (MD) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 Forrester Research (FORR) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Hanger (HGR) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.28 Heat Biologics (HTBX) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 Humana (HUM) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Houston Wire & Cable Company (HWCC) Receiving Critical Press Coverage, Study Finds KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Herman Miller (MLHR) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.04 Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.02 Merlin Entertainme Spon (MERLY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Rating Increased to Buy at Summit Redstone Old National Bancorp (ONB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Rockwell Medical Inc (RMTI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Edenred Unspon (EDNMY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research First Business Financial Services Inc (FBIZ) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Loomis Ab (LOIMF) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research CNH Industrial NV (CNHI) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Given a $21.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. MEDNAX (MD) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.06 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) have been trending somewhat positive on Thursday, Alpha One reports. Alpha One, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. MEDNAX earned a coverage optimism score of 0.06 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news articles about MEDNAX an impact score of 91 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. A number of brokerages have recently commented on MD. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of MEDNAX from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Robert W. Baird downgraded shares of MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Friday, March 10th. Jefferies Group LLC downgraded shares of MEDNAX from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price target for the stock from $75.00 to $70.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Friday, December 9th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price target for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have issued a hold rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $69.00. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded down 0.92% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $67.64. 145,267 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $6.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.38 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX has a 52-week low of $59.36 and a 52-week high of $76.96. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $69.95 and its 200 day moving average price is $67.13. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. The company earned $831 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a net margin of 10.21% and a return on equity of 13.59%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.13 EPS. Equities analysts predict that MEDNAX will post $4.25 earnings per share for the current year. In other MEDNAX news, Director Md Pascal J. Goldschmidt sold 25,294 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.82, for a total value of $1,715,439.08. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 14,173 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $961,212.86. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Enrique Sosa sold 10,668 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.65, for a total transaction of $743,026.20. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 21,923 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,526,936.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 96,296 shares of company stock valued at $6,668,891 in the last quarter. 2.40% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/mednax-md-earns-daily-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-06.html. About MEDNAX MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://blogs.barrons.com/focusonfunds/2017/04/06/banks-yesterdays-losers-are-todays-winners/ Focus on Funds Banks: Yesterday’s Losers Are Today’s Winners By Crystal Kim April 6, 2017 3:27 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large The S&P 500's 0.31% loss yesterday wasn't even the biggest decline this year, but the intra-day reversal of 1% from peak to trough, was rough. Financial stocks were hit hard yesterday, but are making up for some of those losses today. The Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) and the SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) has gained 0.51% and 1.05%, respectively. Photo by Evening Standard/Getty Images All but two bank constituents in SPDR S&P Bank have risen so far. Meanwhile the Financial Select Sector is being dragged down by the insurers and insurance services companies.Travelers Companies (TRV) has declined 0.31% to $120. Allstate (ALL) has fallen 0.14% to $81, and Progressive (PGR), 0.31%, to $39. Marsh & McLennan (MMC) has declined 0.20% to $73. It might be time to put some chips back on the table for banks, says JPMorgan's Vivek Juneja. Bank stocks' recent crunch helped make valuations more attractive relative to the market. Despite the sector's post-election surge, banks are now trading in the middle of the range seen in recovery periods over the past quarter century. Juneja thinks March-quarter earnings will be "tepid," but he expects rising net interest margins to offset the loan growth slowdown. He says: Capital markets were mixed in 1Q but March saw near record underwriting volumes in equities and high yield in two years. Importantly, the regulatory tone seems to be beginning to change, as seen in outgoing Gov. Tarullo's recent comments. Bank stocks have been weak recently due to concerns about potential for regulatory and tax reform and sharp drop in loan growth. Credit quality should hold up overall with little seasoning and modest increases in chargeoffs and there is likely to be some one time EPS benefit from FAS123R for several banks. On relative P/E to S&P 500, bank stocks are trading in the middle of the range seen in prior growth periods - hence not expensive versus the market. Looking past weak 1Q, banks are poised to benefit from further rate hikes and some improvement on regulatory front - hence we recommend the group medium term. Text Size Regular Medium Large FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR ETF SPDR S&P BANK ETF Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS Bizarro! Amazon is Down, Macy's is Up NEXT ETF Flopper: Short-Term VIX Futures Slip Most Popular AMD Drops on Goldman ‘Sell’ Call, But We Say Buy Two IPhone 8 Suppliers Set to Gain Are We Flirting With Irrational Exuberance? In Search of the Next Facebook or Alphabet Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DCT Industrial Trust Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DCT Industrial Trust Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Target Price at $46.00 Analysts Expect Genpact Limited (G) to Post $0.29 Earnings Per Share Analysts Set GigPeak Inc (GIG) PT at $4.47 KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Receives $89.17 Average Target Price from Brokerages Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Receives $43.82 Average Price Target from Analysts -$0.12 Earnings Per Share Expected for Transenterix Inc (TRXC) This Quarter Cavium (CAVM) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.15 BWX Technologies (BWC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Bazaarvoice (BV) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Oxford Biomedica (OXBDF) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Boston Private Financial Hldg Inc (BPFH) Trueblue Inc (TBI) Given Sell Rating at BMO Capital Markets Hasbro’s (HAS) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc VMware, Inc. (VMW) Receives “Hold” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Ply Gem Holdings (PGEM) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35 Manning & Napier Advisors LLC Sells 2,134,224 Shares of Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Universal Health Services (UHS) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports 16,512 Shares in Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Acquired by Leith Wheeler Investment Counsel Ltd. Anadarko Petroleum Co. (APC) Shares Sold by CENTRAL TRUST Co Independence Advisors LLC Raises Position in PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Analysts Set DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Target Price at $46.00 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of DCT Industrial Trust Inc (NYSE:DCT) have earned an average rating of “Hold” from the nine research firms that are covering the firm. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $46.00. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the company. Capital One Financial Corp. upgraded DCT Industrial Trust from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $50.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut DCT Industrial Trust from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $47.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded DCT Industrial Trust from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. DCT Industrial Trust (NYSE:DCT) traded up 0.75% on Monday, reaching $49.61. 230,950 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market cap of $4.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 48.26 and a beta of 0.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $47.34 and its 200 day moving average is $46.78. DCT Industrial Trust has a 52 week low of $39.18 and a 52 week high of $50.57. DCT Industrial Trust (NYSE:DCT) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.59 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.02. DCT Industrial Trust had a return on equity of 4.82% and a net margin of 23.65%. The firm had revenue of $102.23 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $101.68 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.53 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 14.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that DCT Industrial Trust will post $0.57 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.31 per share. This represents a $1.24 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.52%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. DCT Industrial Trust’s payout ratio is 120.39%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Analysts Set DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Target Price at $46.00” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/analysts-set-dct-industrial-trust-inc-dct-target-price-at-46-00.html. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in DCT. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of DCT Industrial Trust by 13.4% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 129,003 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,177,000 after buying an additional 15,242 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in shares of DCT Industrial Trust by 37.3% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 223,425 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,698,000 after buying an additional 60,717 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of DCT Industrial Trust during the fourth quarter worth approximately $37,886,000. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in shares of DCT Industrial Trust by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 54,443 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,607,000 after buying an additional 850 shares during the last quarter. Finally, United Capital Financial Advisers LLC raised its stake in shares of DCT Industrial Trust by 8.2% in the fourth quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC now owns 19,850 shares of the company’s stock worth $950,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the last quarter. 97.18% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. DCT Industrial Trust Company Profile DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) is an industrial real estate company. The Company specializes in the ownership, acquisition, development, leasing and management of bulk-distribution and light-industrial properties located in various distribution markets in the United States. The Company operates through three segments: East, Central and West. Receive News & Ratings for DCT Industrial Trust Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DCT Industrial Trust Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business» U.S. Business Some were surprised by Gary Cohn’s remarks, coming from a former Wall Street executive. (Fred Lum/Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail) Some were surprised by Gary Cohn’s remarks, coming from a former Wall Street executive. (Fred Lum/Fred Lum/The Globe and Mail) Trump economic adviser backs separation of Wall Street business lines: source Add to ... Elizabeth Dexheimer Bloomberg News Published Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 2:50PM EDT Last updated Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 2:51PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print In a private meeting with lawmakers, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he supports a policy that could radically reshape Wall Street’s biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks, said people with direct knowledge of the matter. Cohn, the ex-Goldman Sachs Group Inc. executive who is now advising President Donald Trump, said he generally favours banking going back to how it was when firms like Goldman focused on trading and underwriting securities, and companies such as Citigroup Inc. primarily issued loans, according to the people, who heard his comments. The remarks surprised some senators and congressional aides who attended the Wednesday meeting, as they didn’t expect a former top Wall Street executive to speak favorably of proposals that would force banks to dramatically rethink how they do business. Yet Cohn’s comments echo what Trump and Republican lawmakers have previously said about wanting to bring back some version of the Glass-Steagall Act, the Depression-era law that kept bricks-and-mortar lending separate from investment banking for more than six decades. Simplified Banking Cohn was reiterating the Trump administration’s view that the banking system should be simplified with a focus on helping business grow and create jobs, a White House official said. In the years after Glass-Steagall’s 1999 repeal, banks such as Citigroup, Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. gobbled up rivals and pushed into all sorts of new businesses, becoming one-stop-shopping financial behemoths. Many banking executives believed that the inclusion of former finance executives like Cohn in Trump’s White House would temper major changes such as a Glass-Steagall return. But his Wednesday remarks suggest he could be a wild card should Congress get serious about reinstating the law. A split of investment and commercial banking would have a disparate impact on Wall Street, as firms with substantial consumer lending operations would probably be hit the hardest by any changes, Brian Gardner, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette and Woods, said in a research note. Goldman has a limited footprint in consumer lending, while it’s a big part of JPMorgan’s business. Why Now? Bob Doll, chief equity strategist at Nuveen, said separating banks’ business lines now makes little sense, because regulation has increased substantially since the 2008 financial crisis on everything from mortgage lending to derivatives. “We need a healthy banking system,” Doll said Thursday in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “That’s yes, of course, good for Wall Street, but it’s also really good for Main Street.” White House officials haven’t said what an updated version of Glass-Steagall might look like. Getting Congress to pass any significant financial regulation legislation would be difficult, as lawmakers are currently bogged down by other issues including health care and taxes. “We fully expect Glass-Steagall headlines to persist, but we see neither the political will nor the legislative capacity necessary for passage of legislation reshaping the nation’s banking framework,” said Isaac Boltansky, a financial regulation analyst at Compass Point Research & Trading. Bipartisan Issue Cohn’s remarks were prompted by a question about his views on Glass-Steagall from Senator Elizabeth Warren, one of the finance industry’s most relentless critics, said the people who asked not to be named because Cohn’s meeting with Senate Banking Committee members was private. After Cohn answered, Senator Robert Corker, a Tennessee Republican, pressed him to clarify his views. Spokesmen for Warren and Corker didn’t respond to requests for comment. Dismantling the nation’s banking giants isn’t a partisan issue, which is one reason why Wall Street fears the idea could gain traction. Both political parties -- and many voters -- still resent that taxpayers had to rescue the industry with a $700 billion bailout during the crisis. Republicans included a return of Glass-Steagall in the party platform they approved in July during their national convention. Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, has proposed legislation with Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona called the “21st Century Glass-Steagall Act.” No Bailouts Advocates for bringing the law back say smaller banks could be allowed to fail without threatening the economy or needing bailouts. They also argue that a less powerful finance industry wouldn’t have as much influence over Washington policy. Wall Street executives counter that it would be impossible for broken-up lenders to compete with overseas mega-banks and that the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act has made the industry much safer. “There is broad agreement, including among all our bank regulatory agencies, that Glass-Steagall would not have prevented the crisis or the housing market collapse,” Rob Nichols, president of the American Bankers Association, said in an emailed statement. “America’s economy depends on banks of all sizes to meet the needs of a large and diverse group of clients, customers and communities.” Wednesday’s Capitol Hill meeting with Cohn was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo of Idaho, and included lawmakers from both political parties and their staffs. The discussion covered a wide range of topics, including financial regulations and overhauling the tax code, the people said. A Crapo spokeswoman declined to comment. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 (The Globe and Mail)   C-NCitigroup Inc Latest Price$59.89 0.00 (0.00%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$228.64 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 6 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Trump’s Goldman Sachs duo can’t pull off a miracle Reality check: Dismantling Dodd-Frank far from a done deal JAMES SAFT Evidence of a Dodd-Frank loan drought is thin Topics Banking Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Trump's 'great wall': A look at the bizarre ideas for the controversial project News What you need to know about Stephen Bannon, the heart of Trump's inner circle News Trump orders military strikes against Assad airbase in Syria Arts Don Rickles, king of insult comedy, dies at 90 Globe Drive Why electric cars are popular in one Quebec region News Justin Trudeau calls Syria chemical attack a ‘war crime’ Technology LiFi tech turns light bulbs into Internet transmitters Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 News Trump: Syria attack was 'a disgrace to humanity' News GOP go 'nuclear' to put Gorsuch on high court Report on Business Money Monitor: What your financial adviser’s qualifications mean ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business How Lego can get employees thinking outside the blocks Life Tobacco companies may be working to undermine tobacco control initiatives: Philpott Most popular U.S. launches missiles on Syria in response to deadly gas attack Illegal but legitimate? The consequences of U.S. action in Syria April 7: Your daily horoscope Gut check: Why and how I worked off my belly Assad’s endless war and infinite depravity X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
News & Features Latest News▶ Opinion▶ Features▶ Galleries▶ Topics▶ Investments Alternative Investments Bonds / Fixed Income International Investing REITs Socially Conscious Investing Insurance Annuities Health Care Life Insurance Variable Annuities Broker-dealers Independent Broker-dealers Regional Brokerages Wirehouses Retirement 401(k) Defined Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plans IRAs Social Security Your Practice Client Prospecting Client Servicing Staffing / Personnel Succession Planning Video INTV Vanguard's Bogle: Fiduciary rule bureaucracy is a problem Events Advisers react: How are plan sponsors reacting to the new fiduciary rule? Smarter in 60 Seconds Factor Investing: Experience Counts Gadget Girl Gadget Girl: The case of airborne efficiency Secrets Behind Success A financial planning pioneer Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business. B-D Data Center Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings. The Adviser Center Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. Advisers on the Move Track the latest teams of advisers and brokers changing firms and view recruiting activity at wirehouses, regional brokerages, RIAs and IBDs. More White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research Adviser Research Dashboard This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. Adviser Technology A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms. Financial Performance Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms. Data Store Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets. More Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events Icons & Innovators On April 3rd, InvestmentNews will honor this years Icons and Innovators recipients at our inaugural Icons and Innovators Awards luncheon at the Essex House in NYC. Retirement Income Summit April 24-25, 2017 | Chicago. At the 11th annual Summit, learn the latest strategies to create a sustainable retirement for your clients. Women Adviser Summit April 26, 2017 Chicago | July 11, 2017 Boston | Nov. 9, 2017 San Francisco | For sophisticated female advisers who want to take their personal and professional self to the next level. Webcasts Check out the latest webcasts available covering the most important topics in the industry. Many qualify for CE credits. More Best Practices Alternative Investments Women to Watch Subscribe Author: - All - Jeff Benjamin Mary Beth Franklin Greg Iacurci Bruce Kelly Mark Schoeff Jr. Liz Skinner John Waggoner  Sections News & Features Latest News Opinion Features Galleries Topics Video INTV ETF Exchange Events Practice Makeover Wealthtrack Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus B-D Data Center The Adviser Center Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center Data Library Research & Studies Adviser Research Dashboard Adviser Technology Financial Performance Data Store Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events All Events Icons & Innovators Retirement Income Summit Women Adviser Summit Webcasts Best Practices Alternative Investments Women to Watch Judge in Putnam 401(k) suit deals potential setback to plaintiffs using Vanguard as fee benchmark The lawsuit is the first among similar cases to proceed to hearings on summary judgment, and may be telling as to how future judges rule Apr 6, 2017 @ 2:00 pm By Greg Iacurci + Zoom (Bloomberg News) A federal judge has seemingly dealt a blow to plaintiffs bringing claims against financial services companies for excessive retirement plan fees, following a recent ruling in a self-dealing lawsuit involving Putnam Investments' 401(k) plan. Specifically, the judge shot down arguments that Putnam received excessive management fees from their proprietary mutual funds, saying plaintiffs' comparison of Putnam fund fees to those of Vanguard Group's passively managed funds was "flawed." Similar self-dealing lawsuits against fund managers have proliferated of late, often using Vanguard and other … Most Popular 1 Top 10 financial firms ranked by investor satisfaction 2 New Orleans appeals court denies emergency injunction to stop DOL fiduciary rule 3 Opponents troubled by mere 60-day delay of DOL fiduciary rule Sponsored financial news X Subscribe and Save 60% Premium Access Print + Digital Learn more Subscribe to Print Newsletter Sign-up Register Now in print This week's issue To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here. Past Issues March 27, 2017 March 20, 2017 March 13, 2017 Subscribe to Print Get daily news & intel The pulse of the financial advisory industry. Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox. view all newsletters Connect with us Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data Follow @newsfromIN Follow @eventsfromIN Follow @statsfromIN Follow InvestmentNews Financial Adviser Group Retirement Income Summit Group Alternative Investments Conference 40 Under 40 Like us on Facebook Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. Latest News & Opinion Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. About Contact Staff Help Center Editorial Calendar Media Kit Reprints Content Strategy Studio Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Federal Reserve The Fed Get email alerts Fed’s Kashkari: Jamie Dimon is wrong on too-big-to-fail issue By Greg Robb Published: Apr 6, 2017 2:38 p.m. ET Share Minneapolis Fed president also disagrees with J.P. Morgan boss over how much capital banks should hold By GregRobb Senior economics reporter Bloomberg Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari said large banks need to be able to withstand 20% loss on their assets. Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari said Thursday that J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon was wrong to say the problem of too-big-to-fail banks has been solved. In a blog post posted on his bank’s website, Kashkari said history shows the federal government will not allow creditors of a too-big-to-fail bank to take losses during a crisis because of the risk of contagion. Only true equity should be considered loss-absorbing in a crisis, the Minneapolis Fed president said. In his annual letter to shareholders released earlier this week, the J.P. Morgan JPM, +0.34%  chief JPM, +0.34% said taxpayers were right to demand that if a major bank failed, they would not have to pay for it. “In my view, these demands have now been met,” he added. Last November, Kashkari released a proposal to prevent future bailouts by forcing the biggest banks to have more capital. The measure would require legislation. In his letter, Dimon said banks already have “too much capital.” The Fed’s latest stress test shows that total losses in a crisis of 33 major banks would add up to less than 10% of the banks’ combined capital. “This definitively proves that there is excess capital in the system,” he added. Kashkari disagreed, saying “regulators have taken it easy on the large banks” and estimated they only have about half the equity they need. “Large banks need to be able to withstand around a 20% loss on their assets to protect against taxpayer bailouts in a downturn like the Great Recession,” Kashkari said, citing a Fed study. “Doubling the equity capital requirements for the largest banks would substantially address the too-big-to-fail problem and protect taxpayers,” the Minneapolis Fed president concluded. More from MarketWatch Gillette Slashing Razor, Blade Prices By as Much as 20% Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you AMD stock plummets after Goldman Sachs says rally is unsustainable Related Topics U.S. Economy Federal Reserve Housing Employment Inflation Quote References JPM +0.29 +0.34% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. MarketWatch Partner Center Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.48 +0.29 (+0.34%) Volume 14.1M Open $85.98 High $86.91 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 13.97 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap 307.9B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.48 +0.29 (+0.34%) Volume 14.1M Open $85.98 High $86.91 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 13.97 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap 307.9B
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Enhanced Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content EY Trep Talk General Counsel Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Corporate Accounting Outlook 2017 Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Wealth Management TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Politics April 6, 2017 2:10 p.m. Updated 04/06/2017 Cohn says he wants to keep Wall Street lines separate The White House economic adviser took a somewhat surprising stance on keeping investment banks like Goldman Sachs apart from traditional lenders Bloomberg News Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News The White House has yet to say what an updated version of Glass-Steagall might look like. To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Council bill would mandate discrimination in ... Countering Trump, city tries to lure... Emotions run high as unhappy drivers pack... Discrimination claims in NYC take a year and ... New York state budget talks collapse Most Popular These curbside relics drive the FDNY crazy Ralph Lauren to close flagship Fifth Avenue... The local firms bidding to build Trump's... Consensus to close Rikers Island suddenly... Can a self-made magnate from the Bronx make... Related News Trump and the Fed endanger NYC exports—and the economy Countering Trump, city tries to lure Mexicans New York state budget talks collapse Council bans all city employers from asking about salary history A judge wants Rudy Giuliani to disclose who's paying him in Iran sanctions case Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Latest News Dow 20,663 +14.80 +0.07% Nasdaq 5,879 +14.47 +0.25% S&P 500 2,357 +4.54 +0.19% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.5% lower at 12,177.39 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC opens 0.4% lower at 5,101.33 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.2% lower at 7,287.01 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.3% lower at 379.54 2:25 A.M. ET Updated Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria 2:16 A.M. ET Japanese consumers' inflation expectations rise 2:16 A.M. ET Bets against U.K. retailers jump on Brexit jitters 12:53 A.M. ET June gold futures up $11.50, or 0.9%, to $1,264.80 an ounce 12:51 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures down 11.25 points, or 0.2%, to 5,411 12:50 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures drop 4.7 points, or 0.2%, to 2,348 12:50 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 48 points, or 0.2%, to 20,556 12:50 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures pare losses in wake of U.S. airstrike against Syria 4/06 Updated Syrian media say air base suffered significant damage, casualties 4/06 Updated U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack 4/06 Updated U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures 4/06 FCC chairman said to be planning rollback of net-neutrality regulations 4/06 Asian markets reverse early gains after U.S. airstrike 4/06 Updated How to hit a bulls-eye with your target-date mutual funds 4/06 Updated U.S. launches cruise missiles against Syria 4/06 Wal-Mart de Mexico sales growth sputters in Q1 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Economy & Politics Federal Reserve The Fed Get email alerts Fed’s Kashkari: Jamie Dimon is wrong on too-big-to-fail issue By Greg Robb Published: Apr 6, 2017 2:38 p.m. ET Share Minneapolis Fed president also disagrees with J.P. Morgan boss over how much capital banks should hold By GregRobb Senior economics reporter Bloomberg Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari said large banks need to be able to withstand 20% loss on their assets. Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari said Thursday that J.P. Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon was wrong to say the problem of too-big-to-fail banks has been solved. In a blog post posted on his bank’s website, Kashkari said history shows the federal government will not allow creditors of a too-big-to-fail bank to take losses during a crisis because of the risk of contagion. Only true equity should be considered loss-absorbing in a crisis, the Minneapolis Fed president said. In his annual letter to shareholders released earlier this week, the J.P. Morgan JPM, +0.34%  chief JPM, +0.34% said taxpayers were right to demand that if a major bank failed, they would not have to pay for it. “In my view, these demands have now been met,” he added. Last November, Kashkari released a proposal to prevent future bailouts by forcing the biggest banks to have more capital. The measure would require legislation. In his letter, Dimon said banks already have “too much capital.” The Fed’s latest stress test shows that total losses in a crisis of 33 major banks would add up to less than 10% of the banks’ combined capital. “This definitively proves that there is excess capital in the system,” he added. Kashkari disagreed, saying “regulators have taken it easy on the large banks” and estimated they only have about half the equity they need. “Large banks need to be able to withstand around a 20% loss on their assets to protect against taxpayer bailouts in a downturn like the Great Recession,” Kashkari said, citing a Fed study. “Doubling the equity capital requirements for the largest banks would substantially address the too-big-to-fail problem and protect taxpayers,” the Minneapolis Fed president concluded. More from MarketWatch U.S. strikes Syrian air base with cruise missiles after chemical attack Oil futures leap after U.S. missile strikes on Syria When Bike Sharing Goes Wrong Related Topics U.S. Economy Federal Reserve Housing Employment Inflation Quote References JPM +0.29 +0.34% Most Popular U.S. airstrike against Syria rattles stock-market futures Amazon will create 30,000 part-time jobs, but Americans are desperate to work full-time This image of Jared Kushner is blowing up the internet Tesla fans, Barclays has a ‘reality pill’ for you Think you would win an argument with a robot? Watch this. Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. MarketWatch Partner Center Greg Robb Greg Robb is a senior reporter for MarketWatch in Washington. Follow him on Twitter @grobb2000. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.48 +0.29 (+0.34%) Volume 14.1M Open $85.98 High $86.91 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 13.97 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap 307.9B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.48 +0.29 (+0.34%) Volume 14.1M Open $85.98 High $86.91 Low $85.25 P/E Ratio 13.97 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap 307.9B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spark Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Susan Wojcicki Purchases 1,209 Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stock Analysts Set Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) PT at $68.13 Joel Clinton Peterson Sells 5,120 Shares of JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Stock Endo International plc – (ENDP) Receives $20.43 Average PT from Analysts Community Health Systems (CYH) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Downgraded to “Neutral” at BTIG Research Centene Corp (CNC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT) PT Raised to $31.00 Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Buy Rating for Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) TASER International, Inc. (TASR) Earns In-Line Rating from Imperial Capital Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. (DPS) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Buy at Nomura Goldman Sachs Group Inc Cuts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Price Target to GBX 375 Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co American National BankShares (AMNB) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Antero Midstream Partners (AM) Given Media Impact Score of 0.12 Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings (SPWH) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings (SPWH) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Western Digital Corp (WDC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Western Digital Corp (WDC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Analysts Set Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) PT at $68.13 April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Spark Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ONCE) has earned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the fourteen analysts that are currently covering the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12-month target price among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is $68.13. A number of research analysts have weighed in on ONCE shares. Vetr downgraded Spark Therapeutics from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $62.50 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Zacks Investment Research raised Spark Therapeutics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $57.00 price objective on shares of Spark Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $82.00 price objective on Spark Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus raised their price objective on Spark Therapeutics from $73.00 to $76.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/analysts-set-spark-therapeutics-inc-once-pt-at-68-13.html. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) opened at 51.085 on Monday. Spark Therapeutics has a one year low of $28.65 and a one year high of $65.99. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $58.07 and its 200 day moving average price is $56.71. The stock’s market cap is $1.59 billion. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported ($1.21) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.12) by $0.09. Spark Therapeutics had a negative net margin of 441.05% and a negative return on equity of 28.28%. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($0.22) earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Spark Therapeutics will post ($5.21) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In related news, General Counsel Barge Joseph La sold 5,000 shares of Spark Therapeutics stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.41, for a total transaction of $322,050.00. Following the sale, the general counsel now owns 10,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $665,033.25. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Anand Mehra sold 25,334 shares of Spark Therapeutics stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.06, for a total value of $1,648,230.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 222,519 shares of company stock worth $14,405,052 in the last ninety days. Corporate insiders own 9.60% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of ONCE. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its stake in shares of Spark Therapeutics by 113.5% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 2,675 shares of the company’s stock valued at $160,000 after buying an additional 1,422 shares during the period. Pacad Investment Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at about $160,000. Argentus Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at about $293,000. Endurant Capital Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at about $348,000. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System increased its stake in shares of Spark Therapeutics by 4.1% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 8,204 shares of the company’s stock valued at $409,000 after buying an additional 320 shares during the period. 83.97% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Spark Therapeutics Spark Therapeutics, Inc is a gene therapy company. The Company focuses on treating orphan diseases. It has a pipeline of product candidates targeting multiple rare blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Its pipeline includes a product candidate targeting choroideremia (CHM), which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial and a product candidate for hemophilia A, which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial. Receive News & Ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Community Health Systems (CYH) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Downgraded to “Neutral” at BTIG Research Centene Corp (CNC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (SRPT) PT Raised to $31.00 Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Buy Rating for Motorpoint Group PLC (MOTR) TASER International, Inc. (TASR) Earns In-Line Rating from Imperial Capital Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. (DPS) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Buy at Nomura Goldman Sachs Group Inc Cuts Virgin Money Holdings PLC (VM) Price Target to GBX 375 Keysight Technologies Inc (KEYS) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co American National BankShares (AMNB) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Antero Midstream Partners (AM) Given Media Impact Score of 0.12 Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings (SPWH) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings (SPWH) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Western Digital Corp (WDC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Western Digital Corp (WDC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Mizuho Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) QAD Inc. (QADA) Short Interest Update Alliance Trust PLC (ATST) Insider Buys £165.36 in Stock N+1 Singer Reiterates ” Corporate” Rating for Mysale Group PLC (MYSL) Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) Upgraded to Buy at Nomura April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Nomura upgraded shares of Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (NASDAQ:PTEN) from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research report released on Wednesday morning. Several other research firms also recently weighed in on PTEN. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $33.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Guggenheim downgraded shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a buy rating and set a $35.00 target price on shares of Patterson-UTI Energy in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Stephens raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from an underweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Patterson-UTI Energy from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $14.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and seventeen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Patterson-UTI Energy currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $27.08. Shares of Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) traded up 2.186% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $25.199. 1,500,152 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $3.70 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $25.90 and its 200-day moving average price is $25.36. Patterson-UTI Energy has a 52-week low of $16.45 and a 52-week high of $29.76. Patterson-UTI Energy (NASDAQ:PTEN) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The company reported ($0.53) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.54) by $0.01. The company had revenue of $247 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $228.83 million. Patterson-UTI Energy had a negative net margin of 34.79% and a negative return on equity of 13.25%. Patterson-UTI Energy’s revenue was down 27.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($0.40) EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Patterson-UTI Energy will post ($1.30) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/patterson-uti-energy-inc-pten-upgraded-to-buy-at-nomura.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 8th were given a dividend of $0.02 per share. This represents a $0.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.32%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 6th. Patterson-UTI Energy’s dividend payout ratio is presently -3.69%. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of PTEN. Van ECK Associates Corp boosted its position in Patterson-UTI Energy by 33.6% in the fourth quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 8,545,470 shares of the company’s stock worth $230,044,000 after buying an additional 2,151,132 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Patterson-UTI Energy by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,789,528 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,512,000 after buying an additional 205,298 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in Patterson-UTI Energy by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 4,141,885 shares of the company’s stock worth $111,502,000 after buying an additional 53,727 shares in the last quarter. Prudential PLC boosted its position in Patterson-UTI Energy by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Prudential PLC now owns 3,343,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $89,996,000 after buying an additional 27,400 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in Patterson-UTI Energy by 5.8% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,758,926 shares of the company’s stock worth $61,717,000 after buying an additional 150,721 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 98.84% of the company’s stock. About Patterson-UTI Energy Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc is an oilfield services company. The Company owns and operates a fleet of land-based drilling rigs and a fleet of pressure pumping equipment in the United States. The Company’s segments include Contract Drilling, Pressure Pumping and Other operations. The Contract Drilling segment markets its contract drilling services to independent and other oil and natural gas operators. Receive News & Ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Patterson-UTI Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance KAZ Minerals PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Offer Predictions for Panera Bread Co’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNRA) DZ Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Zalando Se (ZLDSF) Petmed Express Inc (PETS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research New Relic Inc (NEWR) CFO Sells $129,360.00 in Stock Kathryn Mccarthy Sells 2,500 Shares of SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Stock Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Unit Co.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UNT) Brokerages Set RH (RH) Price Target at $40.65 KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Stock Rating Upgraded by Peel Hunt Neovasc Inc (US) (NVCN) Earns Outperform Rating from JMP Securities POWERSHARES GLBAL FUNDS IRELAND PLC POWERSHARES EQQQ NASDAQ-100 UCITS ETF (IRELAND) Cut to Sell at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Short Interest in Liberty Braves Group (BATRK) Declines By 2.6% Woodstock Corp Has $838,000 Position in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC Takes Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Debt Trading 2.9% Higher Rent-A-Center Inc (RCII) Debt Trading 2.9% Higher Triangle Securities Wealth Management Has $238,000 Stake in Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Woodstock Corp Continues to Hold Stake in GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Woodstock Corp Has $718,000 Stake in Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Earns “Buy” Rating from Scotiabank Lgo Energy PLC’s (LGO) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at VSA Capital KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Stock Rating Upgraded by Peel Hunt April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet KAZ Minerals PLC (LON:KAZ) was upgraded by equities researchers at Peel Hunt to a “buy” rating in a research report issued on Tuesday. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Deutsche Bank AG upped their target price on shares of KAZ Minerals PLC from GBX 260 ($3.25) to GBX 350 ($4.37) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of KAZ Minerals PLC in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Liberum Capital restated a “sell” rating and set a GBX 100 ($1.25) target price on shares of KAZ Minerals PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating on shares of KAZ Minerals PLC in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 370 ($4.62) target price on shares of KAZ Minerals PLC in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 275 ($3.43). KAZ Minerals PLC (LON:KAZ) opened at 487.592 on Tuesday. KAZ Minerals PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 115.84 and a 12 month high of GBX 610.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 2.18 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 507.74 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 391.46. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/kaz-minerals-plc-kaz-stock-rating-upgraded-by-peel-hunt.html. About KAZ Minerals PLC KAZ Minerals PLC is an investment holding company principally engaged in mining businesses. The Company operates through three segments. East Region Operations segment is mainly engaged in the mining, processing, marketing and sales of copper and other metals. Other metals include gold, silver and zinc concentrate, among others. Receive News & Ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for KAZ Minerals PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (DLB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Diageo plc (DEO) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research BancorpSouth, Inc. (BXS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Dana Inc (DAN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for PNC Financial Services Group Inc Raised by Analyst (PNC) Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PGNX) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.16) Per Share Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for PNC Financial Services Group Inc Raised by Analyst (PNC) Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (PGNX) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.16) Per Share MEG Energy Corp (MEG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Summit Midstream Partners LP (SMLP) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Endo International plc – (ENDP) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokers Offer Predictions for Panera Bread Co’s Q1 2017 Earnings (PNRA) DZ Bank AG Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Zalando Se (ZLDSF) Petmed Express Inc (PETS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research New Relic Inc (NEWR) CFO Sells $129,360.00 in Stock Kathryn Mccarthy Sells 2,500 Shares of SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Stock Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Unit Co.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UNT) Brokerages Set RH (RH) Price Target at $40.65 Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Cullen/Frost's shares outperformed the Zacks categorized Southwest Banks industry over the last six months. Also, the company’s organic growth remains on track with increasing loans and deposits balances. With further rise in interest rates and improving non-interest bearing deposits, the company's net interest income and net interest margin will grow. However, rising costs stemming mainly from expanding franchise are likely to deter bottom-line growth to some extent. Also, substantial exposure to real estate loans and stringent regulations remain near-term threats. Nonetheless, Cullen/Frost’s strong capital position keeps it well poised to continue capital deployment activities.” CFR has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Maxim Group upped their target price on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from $85.00 to $95.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the company from $67.00 to $95.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. upgraded shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $94.00 target price on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. began coverage on shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers in a research note on Thursday. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Cullen/Frost Bankers presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $82.83. Shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) traded up 1.11% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $88.92. 188,118 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $90.64 and its 200 day moving average price is $84.04. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.90 and a beta of 1.20. Cullen/Frost Bankers has a 52-week low of $51.43 and a 52-week high of $96.62. Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.22 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $338.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $305.52 million. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a net margin of 26.73% and a return on equity of 10.39%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.90 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Cullen/Frost Bankers will post $5.09 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Tuesday, February 28th were given a dividend of $0.54 per share. This represents a $2.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.46%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Friday, February 24th. Cullen/Frost Bankers’s dividend payout ratio is presently 45.96%. WARNING: “Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Cullen/Frost Bankers news, insider Annette M. Alonzo sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $92.03, for a total value of $552,180.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 2,676 shares in the company, valued at approximately $246,272.28. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Chairman Phillip D. Green sold 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $93.56, for a total transaction of $1,871,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chairman now owns 47,367 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,431,656.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 46,940 shares of company stock valued at $4,372,799. Insiders own 8.03% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 158.6% in the third quarter. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. now owns 23,998 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,724,000 after buying an additional 14,719 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 2.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,635,409 shares of the company’s stock valued at $117,651,000 after buying an additional 38,944 shares during the period. Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 10.0% in the third quarter. Rowland & Co. Investment Counsel ADV now owns 56,461 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,062,000 after buying an additional 5,144 shares during the period. Retirement Systems of Alabama boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 1.2% in the third quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 71,229 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,124,000 after buying an additional 859 shares during the period. Finally, Northern Trust Corp boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 5.2% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 520,005 shares of the company’s stock valued at $37,409,000 after buying an additional 25,909 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.64% of the company’s stock. About Cullen/Frost Bankers Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding company and a bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of products and services throughout Texas markets. The Company’s segments include Banking, Frost Wealth Advisors and Non-Banks. The Banking segment includes both commercial and consumer banking services, and Frost Insurance Agency. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cullen/Frost Bankers (CFR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Exclusive: ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches Add to ... By Francesco Guarascio VALLETTA — Reuters Published Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 12:09PM EDT Last updated Thursday, Apr. 06, 2017 12:09PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The European Central Bank has proposed that large branches of foreign banks in the European Union be subject to tighter regulation and capital requirements, a move that would increase U.S. and Asian lenders' costs and also hit British banks after Brexit. The ECB proposal to European Union states, seen by Reuters, says that a draft piece of legislation on foreign bank regulation already under discussion among the 28 EU members should be toughened further. The draft rules, proposed by the EU executive commission in November, require foreign lenders with a major presence in the EU to combine their businesses in the region into a separately capitalized holding company. The proposal is aimed at ensuring that foreign banks classed as globally systemic lenders or those with at least 30 billion euros of assets in the EU are able to sustain significant losses without support from their headquarters. It has already been met with strong opposition from non-EU banks who say it would significantly raise the cost and bureaucracy of operating in the EU. But now the ECB is proposing the law goes further and requires branches of foreign banks to be included in the EU holding company, a move that would likely raise foreign lenders' capital requirements. The draft law had exempted branches. The ECB said it was making the proposal more comprehensive as it was concerned that the draft law could lead to "regulatory arbitrage" where banks booked important transactions in branches in order to reduce the level of assets that would be subject to the holding company's capital requirements. The changes it proposes would also bring the draft EU law in line with similar rules faced by large foreign banks in the U.S, it said. Currently, big lenders such as Goldman Sachs <GS.N>, JP Morgan Chase <JPM.N>, Bank of America <BAC.N> or the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China <601398.SS>, carry out significant operations through branches in the EU rather than subsidiaries, the paper said, meaning the capital reserves they keep inside the bloc are lower, posing a higher risk to financial stability. The ECB is also proposing that the holding companies be regulated by whoever supervises the largest individual entity within the group, which in practice would most often be the ECB. This would mark a broadening of the central bank's supervisory reach, partly at the expense of national securities watchdogs inside the EU. The proposal, that was drafted together with the EU's banking liquidation body, the Single Resolution Board, is also aimed at facilitating the SRB task of preparing resolution plans for banks operating in the EU, so that in case they fail, their creditors' funds can be used to prop them up, instead of taxpayers' money. CLASH OF VIEWS EU envoys last week had a first exchange of views on the paper, dated March 28. The issue may be discussed at a regular meeting of the bloc's finance ministers in Malta on Friday and Saturday although it is not formally on the agenda. The ECB move was welcomed by France, whose large banks have been lately hit by U.S. competitors, and also pleased smaller EU countries where branches of foreign banks operate, because it would reduce lenders' risks by stepping up controls and the transparency of their operations, officials briefed on the envoys' meeting said. But the legislative change would hit EU's larger financial centers making them likely less attractive to foreign banks as headquarters for their continent-wide operations. Britain "strongly disagreed" with the ECB proposal, the source said. Britain and Luxembourg, which host Europe's biggest financial hubs, have already protested against the original proposals made by the European Commission. In a joint paper, sent to EU countries and seen by Reuters, they said the requirement to set up a holding company in the EU would increase costs for foreign banks, "risking significant disruption" to economic functions provided by these companies to EU businesses and households. They cited in particular risks posed to asset management activities of U.S. banks in the EU. British banks are also likely to see the costs of their EU activities soaring after Brexit as they would be treated as foreign lenders. (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$86.48 0.00 (0.00%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$228.64 0.00 (0.00%) BAC-NBank of America Corp Latest Price$23.26 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 6 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Reuters AG European Central Bank Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Ltd. United States of America The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. European Union JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bank of America Corporation Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business This tiny Toronto house sold for $370,000 over asking News Trump's 'great wall': A look at the bizarre ideas for the controversial project News What you need to know about Stephen Bannon, the heart of Trump's inner circle News Trump orders military strikes against Assad airbase in Syria Arts Don Rickles, king of insult comedy, dies at 90 Globe Drive Why electric cars are popular in one Quebec region News Justin Trudeau calls Syria chemical attack a ‘war crime’ Technology LiFi tech turns light bulbs into Internet transmitters Report on Business Inside the Market: Three things investors should pay attention to in Q2 News Trump: Syria attack was 'a disgrace to humanity' News GOP go 'nuclear' to put Gorsuch on high court Report on Business Money Monitor: What your financial adviser’s qualifications mean ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business How Lego can get employees thinking outside the blocks Life Tobacco companies may be working to undermine tobacco control initiatives: Philpott Most popular U.S. launches missiles on Syria in response to deadly gas attack Illegal but legitimate? The consequences of U.S. action in Syria April 7: Your daily horoscope Gut check: Why and how I worked off my belly Assad’s endless war and infinite depravity X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Exclusive: ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Apr 6, 2017 | 12:07pm EDT Exclusive: ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches FILE PHOTO: The headquarters of the European Central Bank (ECB) are illuminated with a giant euro sign at the start of the ''Luminale, light and building'' event in Frankfurt, Germany, March 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach/File Photo By Francesco Guarascio | VALLETTA VALLETTA The European Central Bank has proposed that large branches of foreign banks in the European Union be subject to tighter regulation and capital requirements, a move that would increase U.S. and Asian lenders' costs and also hit British banks after Brexit. The ECB proposal to European Union states, seen by Reuters, says that a draft piece of legislation on foreign bank regulation already under discussion among the 28 EU members should be toughened further. The draft rules, proposed by the EU executive commission in November, require foreign lenders with a major presence in the EU to combine their businesses in the region into a separately capitalized holding company. The proposal is aimed at ensuring that foreign banks classed as globally systemic lenders or those with at least 30 billion euros of assets in the EU are able to sustain significant losses without support from their headquarters. It has already been met with strong opposition from non-EU banks who say it would significantly raise the cost and bureaucracy of operating in the EU. But now the ECB is proposing the law goes further and requires branches of foreign banks to be included in the EU holding company, a move that would likely raise foreign lenders' capital requirements. The draft law had exempted branches. The ECB said it was making the proposal more comprehensive as it was concerned that the draft law could lead to "regulatory arbitrage" where banks booked important transactions in branches in order to reduce the level of assets that would be subject to the holding company's capital requirements. The changes it proposes would also bring the draft EU law in line with similar rules faced by large foreign banks in the U.S, it said. Currently, big lenders such as Goldman Sachs (GS.N), JP Morgan Chase (JPM.N), Bank of America (BAC.N) or the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (601398.SS), carry out significant operations through branches in the EU rather than subsidiaries, the paper said, meaning the capital reserves they keep inside the bloc are lower, posing a higher risk to financial stability. The ECB is also proposing that the holding companies be regulated by whoever supervises the largest individual entity within the group, which in practice would most often be the ECB. This would mark a broadening of the central bank's supervisory reach, partly at the expense of national securities watchdogs inside the EU. The proposal, that was drafted together with the EU's banking liquidation body, the Single Resolution Board, is also aimed at facilitating the SRB task of preparing resolution plans for banks operating in the EU, so that in case they fail, their creditors' funds can be used to prop them up, instead of taxpayers' money. CLASH OF VIEWS EU envoys last week had a first exchange of views on the paper, dated March 28. The issue may be discussed at a regular meeting of the bloc's finance ministers in Malta on Friday and Saturday although it is not formally on the agenda. The ECB move was welcomed by France, whose large banks have been lately hit by U.S. competitors, and also pleased smaller EU countries where branches of foreign banks operate, because it would reduce lenders' risks by stepping up controls and the transparency of their operations, officials briefed on the envoys' meeting said. But the legislative change would hit EU's larger financial centers making them likely less attractive to foreign banks as headquarters for their continent-wide operations. Britain "strongly disagreed" with the ECB proposal, the source said. Britain and Luxembourg, which host Europe's biggest financial hubs, have already protested against the original proposals made by the European Commission. In a joint paper, sent to EU countries and seen by Reuters, they said the requirement to set up a holding company in the EU would increase costs for foreign banks, "risking significant disruption" to economic functions provided by these companies to EU businesses and households. They cited in particular risks posed to asset management activities of U.S. banks in the EU. British banks are also likely to see the costs of their EU activities soaring after Brexit as they would be treated as foreign lenders. (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Lyft valued at $7.5 billion in new funding round: source SAN FRANCISCO Ride services company Lyft Inc has nearly completed a funding round of at least $500 million, valuing the company at $7.5 billion, according to a source close to the company. Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A LONDON/NEW YORK The stream of U.S. energy companies going public at the start of 2017 has dried up on concerns over the future direction of oil prices, but private buyers seeking mergers and acquisitions are ready to take advantage of the volatility to secure cheap deals. U.S. weekly jobless claims post largest drop in almost two years WASHINGTON U.S. job growth likely slowed in March after unseasonably mild weather boosted hiring over the prior two months, but the pace of gains should underscore the economy's strength despite a recent slowdown in economic growth. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures America in the Great War Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
07/04/2017 Select edition English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Search Live 1 Latest Live Coverage Live Syria 07/04/2017 US forces launch 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield Live - Tv Live Broadcast Watch Euronews live stream Bulletin Weather All views World 07/04/2017 World reacts to US strike on Syrian airbase Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Iran strongly condemns any such unilateral strikes... Such measures will strengthen terrorists in Syria" Bahram Qasemi Iranian foreign minsiter spokesman World 06/04/2017 Hungary defends border 'container camps' for migrants Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If I want to protect my home, the people out on the street can still move freely... but I do not want them to come into my home" Sandor Pinter Hungarian Interior Minister Culture 06/04/2017 Flórez revamps Werther Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "...Werther is like a god falling on Earth and causing turmoil, and his energy puts other things in movement." Tatjana Gürbaca Stage director Culture 06/04/2017 The climax that is Werther Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "You have permission to really wade in and just open up the voice." Anna Stéphany Mezzo-soprano Business 06/04/2017 New British law could be major boost in womens' fight to close gender pay gap Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet World 06/04/2017 Talk about depression on World Health Day Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""unresolved mental health problems lie at the heart of some of our greatest social challenges" (Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, and Prince Harry)" World 06/04/2017 US Secretary of State Tillerson blames Syria regime for gas deaths Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""five minutes later, we started smelling a strange odour"" Abdel Hameed al-Youssef. Grieving father of twins World 05/04/2017 Pepsi withdraws advert after social media backlash Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""Clearly we missed the mark"" Pepsi more quotes Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Exclusive - ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches Aa Aa Now Reading: Exclusive - ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches 06/04/2017 Exclusive - ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches REUTERS 06/04/2017 By Francesco Guarascio VALLETTA (Reuters) – The European Central Bank has proposed that large branches of foreign banks in the European Union be subject to tighter regulation and capital requirements, a move that would increase U.S. and Asian lenders’ costs and also hit British banks after Brexit. The ECB proposal to European Union states, seen by Reuters, says that a draft piece of legislation on foreign bank regulation already under discussion among the 28 EU members should be toughened further. The draft rules, proposed by the EU executive commission in November, require foreign lenders with a major presence in the EU to combine their businesses in the region into a separately capitalised holding company. The proposal is aimed at ensuring that foreign banks classed as globally systemic lenders or those with at least 30 billion euros of assets in the EU are able to sustain significant losses without support from their headquarters. It has already been met with strong opposition from non-EU banks who say it would significantly raise the cost and bureaucracy of operating in the EU. But now the ECB is proposing the law goes further and requires branches of foreign banks to be included in the EU holding company, a move that would likely raise foreign lenders’ capital requirements. The draft law had exempted branches. The ECB said it was making the proposal more comprehensive as it was concerned that the draft law could lead to “regulatory arbitrage” where banks booked important transactions in branches in order to reduce the level of assets that would be subject to the holding company’s capital requirements. The changes it proposes would also bring the draft EU law in line with similar rules faced by large foreign banks in the U.S, it said. Currently, big lenders such as Goldman Sachs <GS.N>, JP Morgan Chase <JPM.N>, Bank of America <BAC.N> or the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China <601398.SS>, carry out significant operations through branches in the EU rather than subsidiaries, the paper said, meaning the capital reserves they keep inside the bloc are lower, posing a higher risk to financial stability. The ECB is also proposing that the holding companies be regulated by whoever supervises the largest individual entity within the group, which in practice would most often be the ECB. This would mark a broadening of the central bank’s supervisory reach, partly at the expense of national securities watchdogs inside the EU. The proposal, that was drafted together with the EU’s banking liquidation body, the Single Resolution Board, is also aimed at facilitating the SRB task of preparing resolution plans for banks operating in the EU, so that in case they fail, their creditors’ funds can be used to prop them up, instead of taxpayers’ money. CLASH OF VIEWS EU envoys last week had a first exchange of views on the paper, dated March 28. The issue may be discussed at a regular meeting of the bloc’s finance ministers in Malta on Friday and Saturday although it is not formally on the agenda. The ECB move was welcomed by France, whose large banks have been lately hit by U.S. competitors, and also pleased smaller EU countries where branches of foreign banks operate, because it would reduce lenders’ risks by stepping up controls and the transparency of their operations, officials briefed on the envoys’ meeting said. But the legislative change would hit EU’s larger financial centres making them likely less attractive to foreign banks as headquarters for their continent-wide operations. Britain “strongly disagreed” with the ECB proposal, the source said. Britain and Luxembourg, which host Europe’s biggest financial hubs, have already protested against the original proposals made by the European Commission. In a joint paper, sent to EU countries and seen by Reuters, they said the requirement to set up a holding company in the EU would increase costs for foreign banks, “risking significant disruption” to economic functions provided by these companies to EU businesses and households. They cited in particular risks posed to asset management activities of U.S. banks in the EU. British banks are also likely to see the costs of their EU activities soaring after Brexit as they would be treated as foreign lenders. (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories Syria 07/04/2017 US missiles strike Syria regime airbase BREAKING NEWS world news 07/04/2017 World reacts to US strike on Syrian airbase Syria 07/04/2017 Trump says strike was in the 'vital national security interest of US' Most viewed Live Syria 07/04/2017 US forces launch 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield world news 07/04/2017 ETA militant group 'a disarmed organization' world news 06/04/2017 Ukrainians granted visa-free travel in the EU Syria 06/04/2017 Chemical killer slays 22 members of the same Syrian family world news 06/04/2017 Talk about depression on World Health Day Editor's choice world news 06/04/2017 Talk about depression on World Health Day Greece 05/04/2017 Livadia a home from home for refugees View 06/04/2017 Eurozone crisis: what the EU leaders need to do to put European integration... Flashback: one year ago world news 07/04/2016 Dilemma for Dutch PM Rutte after voters reject EU-Ukraine partnership deal Greece 07/04/2016 Greek public sector protest against pension reforms world news 07/04/2016 Idomeni: it's impossible to continue living like this brussels bureau 07/04/2016 Ukraine envoy calls Dutch vote 'a referendum for eurosceptics' Sport 07/04/2016 First Asian woman takes to the green baise in world snooker qualifier Editor's choice world news 06/04/2017 Talk about depression on World Health Day Greece 05/04/2017 Livadia a home from home for refugees View 06/04/2017 Eurozone crisis: what the EU leaders need to do to put European integration... world news 05/04/2017 New York City's Eleven Madison Park crowned World's Best Restaurant 2017 world news 06/04/2017 Far-right, fake jobs and all you need to know about France's pivotal election View 28/03/2017 How the city of Ghent copes with increased numbers of refugees? world news 06/04/2017 Everything you need to know about the Central European University controversy world news 06/04/2017 'Peace Through the Eye of a Needle' world news 03/04/2017 360°: How avalanches are triggered to keep skiers safe 1 Live Bulletin Top videos My weather Latest Live Live Syria 07/04/2017 US forces launch 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airfield Live - Tv Watch Euronews live stream Browse today's tags Russia Syria Donald Trump USA Chemical Attack Italy Law European Union Verticals News European affairs Lifestyle Knowledge Quotes Programs Adventures Aid Zone Boarding Pass Business Line Business Planet Cinema COP22 Cult Focus Futuris Gravity Insiders Insight Learning World Life Markets Metropolitans MIPTV – MIPCOM Musica No Comment Postcards Real Economy Sci-tech Smart Care Space Speed State Of The Union Target The Corner The Global Conversation View World News Channels Euronews TV Africanews Euronews radio Widgets & Services Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 News World Business Sport European affairs Europe Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech no comment Programmes Join Us English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates GBX 60 Price Target for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG HC Wainwright Reaffirms Buy Rating for Endeavour Silver Corp (EXK) Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Masco Corp (MAS) Upgraded by Longbow Research to “Buy” Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Kohl's Co. (KSS) Rexahn Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RNN) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Rodman & Renshaw FBR & Co Raises Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Price Target to $3.00 Bonness Enterprises Inc. Has $2,664,000 Position in Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) 1,697 Shares in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Acquired by Bridges Investment Management Inc. TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Stake Lowered by Curbstone Financial Management Corp 1,697 Shares in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Acquired by Bridges Investment Management Inc. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $86,180,000 Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Bridges Investment Counsel Inc. Sells 8,548 Shares of Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Stake Boosted by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. 13,784 Shares in FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Acquired by Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Increases Position in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Buys Shares of 5,660 Ball Co. (BLL) FedEx Co. (FDX) Position Increased by Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Chevy Chase Trust Holdings Inc. Has $52,408,000 Position in American Express Company (AXP) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates GBX 60 Price Target for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 60 ($0.75) price objective on Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) in a research report released on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other equities analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Shore Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 70 ($0.87) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC to an overweight rating and boosted their target price for the stock from GBX 55 ($0.69) to GBX 75 ($0.94) in a research report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 68 ($0.85) to GBX 70 ($0.87) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Finally, BNP Paribas reaffirmed an underperform rating and set a GBX 57 ($0.71) target price on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 70.70 ($0.88). Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 63.91 on Monday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 45.12 billion. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 47.10 and a 12-month high of GBX 74.00. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 67.87 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 62.20. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/goldman-sachs-group-inc-reiterates-gbx-60-price-target-for-lloyds-banking-group-plc-lloy.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a GBX 2.20 ($0.03) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 3.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This is an increase from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. In other news, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.86), for a total value of £100,621.32 ($125,603.94). Insiders bought a total of 784 shares of company stock worth $52,758 in the last 90 days. Lloyds Banking Group PLC Company Profile Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 131/10 (18) - BAN 176/9 (20) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home Money EXCLUSIVE-ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches Shares1 Thu, 6 Apr 2017-09:20pm , Reuters The European Central Bank has proposed that large branches of foreign banks in the European Union be subject to tighter regulation and capital requirements, a move that would increase U.S. and Asian lenders' costs and also hit British banks after Brexit. The ECB proposal to European Union states, seen by Reuters, says that a draft piece of legislation on foreign bank regulation already under discussion among the 28 EU members should be toughened further. The draft rules, proposed by the EU executive commission in November, require foreign lenders with a major presence in the EU to combine their businesses in the region into a separately capitalised holding company. The proposal is aimed at ensuring that foreign banks classed as globally systemic lenders or those with at least 30 billion euros of assets in the EU are able to sustain significant losses without support from their headquarters. It has already been met with strong opposition from non-EU banks who say it would significantly raise the cost and bureaucracy of operating in the EU. But now the ECB is proposing the law goes further and requires branches of foreign banks to be included in the EU holding company, a move that would likely raise foreign lenders' capital requirements. The draft law had exempted branches. The ECB said it was making the proposal more comprehensive as it was concerned that the draft law could lead to "regulatory arbitrage" where banks booked important transactions in branches in order to reduce the level of assets that would be subject to the holding company's capital requirements. The changes it proposes would also bring the draft EU law in line with similar rules faced by large foreign banks in the U.S, it said. Currently, big lenders such as Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America or the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, carry out significant operations through branches in the EU rather than subsidiaries, the paper said, meaning the capital reserves they keep inside the bloc are lower, posing a higher risk to financial stability. The ECB is also proposing that the holding companies be regulated by whoever supervises the largest individual entity within the group, which in practice would most often be the ECB. This would mark a broadening of the central bank's supervisory reach, partly at the expense of national securities watchdogs inside the EU. The proposal, that was drafted together with the EU's banking liquidation body, the Single Resolution Board, is also aimed at facilitating the SRB task of preparing resolution plans for banks operating in the EU, so that in case they fail, their creditors' funds can be used to prop them up, instead of taxpayers' money. CLASH OF VIEWS EU envoys last week had a first exchange of views on the paper, dated March 28. The issue may be discussed at a regular meeting of the bloc's finance ministers in Malta on Friday and Saturday although it is not formally on the agenda. The ECB move was welcomed by France, whose large banks have been lately hit by U.S. competitors, and also pleased smaller EU countries where branches of foreign banks operate, because it would reduce lenders' risks by stepping up controls and the transparency of their operations, officials briefed on the envoys' meeting said. But the legislative change would hit EU's larger financial centres making them likely less attractive to foreign banks as headquarters for their continent-wide operations. Britain "strongly disagreed" with the ECB proposal, the source said. Britain and Luxembourg, which host Europe's biggest financial hubs, have already protested against the original proposals made by the European Commission. In a joint paper, sent to EU countries and seen by Reuters, they said the requirement to set up a holding company in the EU would increase costs for foreign banks, "risking significant disruption" to economic functions provided by these companies to EU businesses and households. They cited in particular risks posed to asset management activities of U.S. banks in the EU. British banks are also likely to see the costs of their EU activities soaring after Brexit as they would be treated as foreign lenders. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Post RBI policy, your loan EMIs may not fall much Money Audi rides small town boom, to drive in Audi 5 Money RBI measures to resolve big-ticket NPAs soon Money IHG to exit Holiday Inn Express joint venture with Duet India Money RBI gives REIT, INvIT bonanza to banks Money RBI fears inflation overshooting target of 4% Live Cricket Score Live SL 131/10 (18) BAN beat SL by 45 runs BAN 176/9 (20) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related RBI, FOMC meeting to set tone; yields seen in 6.67-6.77% range Asia stocks up with dollar, sterling suffers on Brexit day Govt borrowings to set tone, yields seen mid 6.70s Video Watch: Adorable teen recreates 'La La Land' song sequence, asks Emma Stone to prom WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki View all Tags European Union European Commission Reuters Bank of America France Goldman Sachs Luxembourg Malta SRB ECB U. S. Brexit Britain Central Bank Commercial Bank Commercial Bank of China JP Morgan Chase SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Japanese prime minister voices support for U.S. military strikes on Syria UK says U.S. Syria strike designed to deter, not start of new military campaign U.S. military strike on Syria a threat to world peace, security-Senior IT raid on TN minister's house DMK says it has approached CEC to report alleged money Syrian minister sees U.S. attack as limited, does not expect escalation Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Klopp wants Liverpool to close out matches like Chelsea Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 32 Entertainment National Awards 2017 winners list: Akshay Kumar, Neerja, Zaira Wasim win, Sonam Kapoor gets special mention John Legend was not emotionally prepared for Chrissy's PTSD Garrett Clayton, Joey Bragg, Jordan Doww to star in 'Reach' Guess Who: OMG! This Bollywood actress is livid after she caught her husband watching gay porn! Gemma Arterton admits she was not careful in choosing roles Money MobiSwipe to deploy over 50,000 mPoS devices within next nine months UP to implement new industrial investment policy soon: CM Global M&A deal tally touches $678 bn in Jan-Mar: Mergermarket Crude palm oil futures fall 0.63% on profit-booking CBDT signifies achievements towards eliminating domestic Black Money Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today A Trump Adviser From Wall Street Wants to Bring Back Glass-Steagall Emily Stewart Ronald Orol James Langford Apr 6, 2017 11:32 AM EDT White House economic adviser and former Goldman Sachs (GS) exec Gary Cohn thinks the country's biggest financial institutions should separate their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks. The National Economic Council director said in a private meeting with lawmakers he generally favors returning banks to their structure before the turn of the 21st century, when certain firms focused on trading and underwriting securities and others primarily issued loans, Bloomberg reports. The remarks echo rumblings from President Donald Trump's orbit regarding establishing a modernized version of Glass-Steagall, the Depression-era law repealed under the Clinton administration in 1999. Cohn reportedly made the remarks in a meeting with senators and staffers organized by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, an Idaho Republican.  And on Thursday Sen. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., and three other senators reintroduced a bill they had been advocating for in recent years called the "21st Century Glass-Steagall Act." The bill seeks to separate commercial lending institutions from their investment banking divisions but it has yet to mobilize significant support among lawmakers on Capitol Hill. The timing of the move was likely an effort to capitalize on momentum from Cohn's comments. This isn't the first time people in Trump's circle have floated the idea of bringing back Glass-Steagall or some version of it. The Republican National Convention's official campaign platform last July included a provision endorsing reinstatement. At the time, Mark Calabria, a former Cato Institute director who has since been hired as Vice President Mike Pence's chief economist, said he perceived the provision as an attempt to pick off Bernie Sanders supporters from Democratic rival Hillary Clinton. Reinstating Glass-Steagall was a major part of the Vermont senator's insurgent presidential campaign. The law's repeal was widely blamed for the 2008 financial crisis, since it had enabled the formation of banking behemoths through deals such as Bank of America's purchase of Merrill Lynch at the height of the crisis, a move partly responsible for the company's need of a $45 billion government bailout. And among Trump's team, support for restoring a firewall between commercial and investment banking didn't end with the real estate mogul's victory against Clinton in November. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, also a Goldman alum, said in his confirmation hearing before the Senate Finance Committee in January that he would support a "21st century version" of Glass-Steagall but not going back to the original version of the law. Trump used similar language ahead of the election, and a person familiar with the matter said Thursday that Cohn was simply reiterating Trump's position. Press Secretary Sean Spicer in a March 9 press briefing said that the administration is committed to restoring Glass-Steagall, but the president hadn't made plans to meet with Sanders on the matter. What will move markets this quarter and how should investors position themselves ahead of time? Jim Cramer sat down with four of TheStreet's top columnists recently to get their views. Click here to listen to his latest Trading Strategies roundtable with them and read their advice for stocks, bonds, forex and gold. Splitting consumer lending and investment banking businesses would arguably affect Goldman, whose former personnel hold several posts in Trump's administration, less than major rivals such as JPMorgan Chase (JPM) . While Goldman recently added unsecured consumer loans through its Marcus platform to offerings of secured loans for high net worth individuals, its revenue from debt securities and lending accounted for less than 5% of last year's $30.6 billion in revenue. Trading and investment banking made up more than two-thirds of the total. Among its rivals, the consumer business accounted for 45% of companywide revenue at JPMorgan Chase and 38% at Bank of America (BAC) . To be sure, exactly what Cohn, Mnuchin, Spicer and Trump mean by "21st century" Glass-Steagall isn't clear, and given the at-times competing factions within the administration, it's quite possible they might not mean the same thing in the first place. It's doubtful their interpretations of the law would line up with proposals from Sanders or progressive firebrand Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat who has proposed a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act of her own. Moreover, the support could be simply a smoke-and-mirrors routine to appeal to Trump's populist base. Cowen and Company analyst Jaret Seiberg said in a note on Thursday that, given Cohn's comments, the firm believes a return of Glass-Steagall is likely. "Cohn was the most likely obstacle within the Trump White House. With him supporting Glass Steagall's restoration, there is no one in the inner circle left to fight it," Seiberg wrote.  Cowen believes the likeliest structure is not preventing a banking company from owning a broker-dealer but instead for the government to require the broker-dealer to be the subsidiary of the holding company rather than the bank. "This would force the broker dealer to be separately funded and separately capitalized from the bank," Seiberg wrote, adding it could be accomplished through regulation or legislation. If the Trump administration produces and discloses a cohesive 21st century Glass-Steagall proposal, it is likely to face significant pushback on Capitol Hill. Democrats, many of whom would like to see the biggest banks broken up, are unlikely to support it because it will probably be attached to significant changes to the Dodd-Frank Act written in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. For example, Democrats wouldn't back any move by Republicans to attach the measure to a repeal of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which oversees mortgages and other credit products. In addition, Republicans might oppose it because they feel they aren't getting enough in terms of dismantling Dodd-Frank in return. There is one softer variation that could pass muster on Capitol Hill. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. vice chairman Tom Hoenig last month proposed setting up separately capitalized banking and investment bank units at one too-big-to-fail bank rather than an outright break-up. To help ensure that the separately capitalized divisions are maintained, the biggest banks would need to set up two corporate boards, one for each partitioned business. In exchange, Hoenig said big banks could get some relief from key aspects of Dodd-Frank, including the Volcker Rule, which seeks to limit speculative trading by big banks. It's unclear whether the Trump administration or Cohn in particular support the Hoenig measure. However, the Trump administration has yet to nominate anyone for a top Federal Reserve bank supervision post. A decision by the White House to pick Hoenig for the job would send a loud message that his proposal is one that White House wants to support. If you liked this article you might like Why Spotify Might Skip the Traditional IPO Process and Go Public Via a 'Direct Listing' Spotify stands to save millions in underwriting fees if it skips the usual IPO process. But there are some distinct disadvantages as well. Leon Lazaroff Apr 6, 2017 5:34 PM EDT This Is What Stephen Bannon Was Like at Goldman Sachs President Donald Trump's chief strategist Stephen Bannon is rarely in the spotlight. Scott Gamm Apr 6, 2017 9:12 AM EDT Goldman, Delphi and Others Invest $60M in Israeli Semiconductor Firm Focused on Auto Technology Valens, located in a suburb of Tel Aviv, provides semiconductor tech for high-speed transmission of data in automobiles. Doron Levin Apr 6, 2017 8:50 AM EDT Trending Oil Surges, Markets Tremble As Trump Launches Syrian Missile Strikes Russia Says U.S. Airstrikes on Syria Act of 'Aggression' Nvidia's Latest GPU Launch and Microsoft's Scorpio Xbox Show the Gaming Market's Strength 17 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores Under Armour Just Released These $140 Sneakers That Are the First-Ever Ones Designed by 'The Rock' Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad ECB calls for tougher regulation of foreign bank branches By Reuters Published: 11:46 EDT, 6 April 2017 | Updated: 11:46 EDT, 6 April 2017 e-mail By Francesco Guarascio VALLETTA, April 6 (Reuters) - The European Central Bank has proposed that large branches of foreign banks in the European Union be subject to tighter regulation and capital requirements, a move that would increase U.S. and Asian lenders' costs and also hit British banks after Brexit. The ECB proposal to European Union states, seen by Reuters, says that a draft piece of legislation on foreign bank regulation already under discussion among the 28 EU members should be toughened further. The draft rules, proposed by the EU executive commission in November, require foreign lenders with a major presence in the EU to combine their businesses in the region into a separately capitalised holding company. The proposal is aimed at ensuring that foreign banks classed as globally systemic lenders or those with at least 30 billion euros of assets in the EU are able to sustain significant losses without support from their headquarters. It has already been met with strong opposition from non-EU banks who say it would significantly raise the cost and bureaucracy of operating in the EU. But now the ECB is proposing the law goes further and requires branches of foreign banks to be included in the EU holding company, a move that would likely raise foreign lenders' capital requirements. The draft law had exempted branches. The ECB said it was making the proposal more comprehensive as it was concerned that the draft law could lead to "regulatory arbitrage" where banks booked important transactions in branches in order to reduce the level of assets that would be subject to the holding company's capital requirements. The changes it proposes would also bring the draft EU law in line with similar rules faced by large foreign banks in the U.S, it said. Currently, big lenders such as Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America or the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, carry out significant operations through branches in the EU rather than subsidiaries, the paper said, meaning the capital reserves they keep inside the bloc are lower, posing a higher risk to financial stability. The ECB is also proposing that the holding companies be regulated by whoever supervises the largest individual entity within the group, which in practice would most often be the ECB. This would mark a broadening of the central bank's supervisory reach, partly at the expense of national securities watchdogs inside the EU. The proposal, that was drafted together with the EU's banking liquidation body, the Single Resolution Board, is also aimed at facilitating the SRB task of preparing resolution plans for banks operating in the EU, so that in case they fail, their creditors' funds can be used to prop them up, instead of taxpayers' money. CLASH OF VIEWS EU envoys last week had a first exchange of views on the paper, dated March 28. The issue may be discussed at a regular meeting of the bloc's finance ministers in Malta on Friday and Saturday although it is not formally on the agenda. The ECB move was welcomed by France, whose large banks have been lately hit by U.S. competitors, and also pleased smaller EU countries where branches of foreign banks operate, because it would reduce lenders' risks by stepping up controls and the transparency of their operations, officials briefed on the envoys' meeting said. But the legislative change would hit EU's larger financial centres making them likely less attractive to foreign banks as headquarters for their continent-wide operations. Britain "strongly disagreed" with the ECB proposal, the source said. Britain and Luxembourg, which host Europe's biggest financial hubs, have already protested against the original proposals made by the European Commission. In a joint paper, sent to EU countries and seen by Reuters, they said the requirement to set up a holding company in the EU would increase costs for foreign banks, "risking significant disruption" to economic functions provided by these companies to EU businesses and households. They cited in particular risks posed to asset management activities of U.S. banks in the EU. British banks are also likely to see the costs of their EU activities soaring after Brexit as they would be treated as foreign lenders. (Editing by Jeremy Gaunt) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She doesn't want to be outshone': Pippa 'BANS model Vogue Williams from her wedding' - even though she is dating groom James Matthews' brother Spencer Mel B dresses to impress as she makes her second  appearance since winning a restraining order against estranged Stephen Belafonte Victoria Beckham reveals how much she relies on husband David when she's working... as she credits 'insecure' Spice Girl days for her fashion empire A vision in white! Sam Faiers flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging figure-hugging dress for her fashion launch Yummy mummy 'No wonder she was on cocaine!': Paul O'Grady quips good friend Cilla Black must have taken drugs to host Blind Date... as he blunders on show reboot Yes, you can wear black and white and flat shoes to a wedding! How to be the best dressed guest this season  SPONSORED 'You big bald baby!': Mel B rows with Stephen Belafonte and breaks down in counselling as clips from their reality show resurface amid abuse allegations PICTURED: German nanny Lorraine Gilles emerges following Mel B's explosive claim that she fell pregnant during affair with estranged Stephen Belafonte Hot metal! Stunning Jennifer Lopez, 47, wows as she flashes her ample cleavage in daringly plunging silver tank top Jenny in the frock Geordie Shore's Kyle Christie splurges £9,000 on a BEARD transplant which took 12 hours to complete... as he continues to combat 'insecurity' issues MC Harvey's girlfriend Montana Manning flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy blue bikini as they enjoy a romantic beach break Checkered history Mum knows best! Heartbroken Megan McKenna is comforted by mother Tanya as they head for dinner in Essex Newly single  Splish splash! Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber and her father Rande swim in the surf during family vacation to St Barts Non-stop fun in the sun David Beckham adds to his huge tattoo collection as he shares photo of his new shin inking... a week after watching son Brooklyn, 18, get his first design FIRST PHOTO: New dad Jesse Eisenberg enjoys stroll with baby boy and girlfriend Anna Strout in NYC Have welcomed their first child together What Pepsi backlash? Kendall Jenner brushes off controversy by sharing throwback snap of her hair in braids Snap prompted even more backlash Millie Mackintosh flaunts her cleavage and toned stomach in a tiny pink bikini as she shares sizzling throwback snap  Slender figure Duran Duran Simon Le Bon hits Miami beach with bikini-clad female companion as he enjoys downtime ahead of Duran Duran gig Pair looked close A rabbi, blue mutant and female Bob Dylan: Thanks to the wonders of make-up, these stars are unrecognisable. Can you put a name to the face? His number one fan! Abbey Clancy rocks denim flares and a matching jacket as she supports her musician brother John at charity gig  She's ripped! Paige Butcher shows off insanely toned tummy in Hawaii as takes a dip in the ocean while holding baby she had with Eddie Murphy Rosie and her amazing technicolor dreamcoat! MIC's Fortescue puts on a colourful display in dazzling coat and gold boots for style talk in London Mel B leaves lawyer's office second day in a row amid reports she's 'bringing in forensic accountant after ex Stephen Belafonte took control of her finances' Holly Hagan shows her ex Kyle Christie what he's missing as she flaunts her incredible cleavage in a racy push-up bra for a VERY saucy Instagram video 'Not long till I get to dance like I'm at a school disco with this one': Little Mix star Jesy Nelson posts video of her and new beau Chris Clark swaying to Drake  Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her bump in a bandeau bikini as she enjoys the sunset on romantic babymoon with boyfriend JP Patterson Harry Styles reveals he would be 'honoured' to be godfather of Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son... but admits he has 'a lot of competition' No one's looking at her feet! Chanel Iman flashes her toned midriff in leather bralette as she promotes sandals Flashed the flesh in Los Angeles Charlie Sheen shares fun throwback image from 1987 film No Man's Land featuring Brad Pitt as an extra Took to his Instagram on Thursday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan swaps modest Burkini for sexy cut-out swimsuit in Thailand Looked rather different in skimpy beachwear  Ex On The Beach star Charlotte Dawson showcases her bust in a very racy white lace bralette with matching sheer skirt as she hits the town Pleased with the service? Cat Deeley beams as she picks up her car from a valet... after bitter dispute with LA waiter over 'inedible' food Scarlett Johansson attacks Ivanka Trump as 'cowardly' and 'disappointing' at women's conference - after playing her in SNL 'Complict' skit 'My honey': Cindy Crawford toasts her husband of 20 years Rande Gerber on beach break in St Barths Shared a photo from the Caribbean Smoking hot! Bella Hadid has cigarette break with mystery man in New York...after unfollowing ex The Weeknd on Instagram Company 'I'm still turned on by her': Scott Disick admits he's still attracted to ex Kourtney Kardashian  The 33-year-old TV personality split from Kourtney 2015. The Spice that divided Mel's marriage: Stephen Belafonte looks on as she shares amorous clinch with two female pals... months before he 'got the nanny pregnant' 'Get your t**s out!' Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear appear worse for wear as they ask TV reporter for a THREESOME in shocking interview Avengers: Infinity War filming continues as a HUGE explosion rocks Edinburgh...as stars such as Elizabeth Olsen continue shooting for anticipated flick Austen powers brings Emily Dickinson to life: A Quiet Passion is an admirable biopic on the 19th century American poet  Writes BRIAN VINER Pixie Lott flashes her abs in minuscule Calvin Klein sports bra and leather skirt as she cosies up to model fiancé Oliver Cheshire for fashion launch Caroline Flack shows off her glowing tan in a pretty embroidered halterneck dress at pal Dawn O'Porter's book launch Sophisticated ensemble Ashley James puts on a leggy display in a figure-hugging taupe mini dress as she leads the glamour at fashion bash New Look pool party Proving them wrong! Hailey Baldwin lets denim jacket slip off her shoulder to reveal svelte frame... after addressing pregnancy rumors TOWIE's Danielle Armstrong is 'thrown out of Essex venue after jealous row with ex James Lock's current squeeze Yazmin Oukhellou' Pregnant Danielle Bux walks ex-husband Gary Lineker's dog... as she moves back into his home while expecting Nate Greenwald's first child Sleepover with the BFF: Kylie Jenner enjoys relaxing morning in bed with Jordyn Woods... after ex boyfriend Tyga moves out This boy is on fire! Alicia Keys and Swizz Beatz's two-year-old tot Genesis shows off impressive musical instincts Instagram clip PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Game Of Thrones star Maisie Williams goes make-up free as she goes for a jog with a male pal in London Stark in the park Forever on vacation! Gwyneth Paltrow enjoys freshly squeezed juice and stunning views while on extended vacation in Mexico Relaxed lifestyle 'Being boujee!': Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian treat themselves to caviar facials inside an oxygen bubble Took to Snapchat PICTURED: Mel B shares a smile with the stunning German nanny she SACKED just six weeks after a 'mortifying' make-or break-Ibiza holiday Daisy Lowe flashes her bra under sheer shirt as she works androgynous chic at star-studded American Gods premiere Rocked the red carpet Freida Pinto steals the show in elegant embroidered ensemble as she joins co-star Idris Elba at the UK launch of new TV drama Guerrilla Glamorous display Winnie Harlow shows off her impossibly long legs in tiny miniskirt as she appears at star-studded WE Day charity event in New York Canadian supermodel  A home fit for a Starman! David Bowie's former New York apartment hits the market for $6.5million - and it even comes with the rock legend's piano Austin Powers star Verne Troyer hospitalized for alcohol abuse and will be checking into rehab In the San Fernando Valley Former Skins star Freya Mavor flashes her pert derriere in gothic sheer gown at The Sense of an Ending premiere Looking good Supportive sister: Dressed down Duchess of Cambridge leaves Pippa's house after a bridal party summit six weeks before the big day  Pete who? Megan McKenna shows ex Wicks what he's missing as she parties with TOWIE newbies Jack Rigden and Jordan Brook after split 'I feel unsafe': Former Savage Garden singer Darren Hayes says he's scared of holding hands with husband Richard Cullen in public situations' Viva la Roma! Sofia Vergara shows off her killer curves in hip hugging lace gown for gala event in Italy Plunged low to show off her cleavage Heidi Klum flaunts her athletic figure and impressive abs in a patterned bikini on beach Turks and Caicos getaway Blissful getaway She had the full Hollywood makeover! Mama June spent $10K getting her teeth fixed... after weight loss surgery, skin removal and a boob job The pact is strong! Reese Witherspoon poses with Nicole Kidman, Shailene Woodley and their Big Little Lies castmembers in throwback snap Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley cradles her blossoming baby bump as she treats herself to a shopping spree   Expecting her first child They sure look good together! Bra-free Courtney Stodden flashes sideboob in tiny tank top as she cuddles up to a mystery man in Beverly Hills 'I never felt sexy with guys before': Meghan Trainor dishes on boyfriend Daryl Sabara as she reveals he's 'obsessed' with her body 'I'm actually rather dangerous': Annabelle Wallis insists her looks can be deceiving as she discusses her 'layered' personality in Town & Country magazine Place your bets! Make-up free Coleen Rooney leaves the hair salon sporting a chic up-do as Aintree Festival kicks off in Liverpool Loves the races 'I woke up feeling... fill my womb!': Pregnant Dawn O'Porter admits she hadn't always wanted kids... as she reflects on growing up without a 'mother figure' Kiss in the city! Sarah Jessica Parker locks lips with Divorce co-star Thomas Haden Church on set in NYC Supposed to be going through a divorce 'She cares about herself more than her kids': Mel B's angry ex Jimmy Gulzar claims he considered suicide after star made his life 'hell' as she tried to block him Spencer Matthews cuts a stylish figure in West London as he prepares his best man duties ahead of brother James and Pippa Middleton's wedding Who cares about the horses? Ladies of Aintree hit the bar and show off their dance moves (and very daring fashions) as day one draws to a close  Totally pucker! Liz Hurley, 51, looks jaw-droppingly gorgeous in a white string bikini as she shares clip of herself blowing kisses on the beach 'It costs $40K a month to be me!': Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star Erika Jayne says she has to spend a fortune to look good for the camera  Hayden Panettiere all smiles while catching departing flight at Los Angeles airport in chic double denim Actress pulled off the risky look  Singing showdown! Demi Lovato and James Corden go face-to-face in Divas Riff-Off song battle The pair duked it out for the divas Empire actor Morocco Omari arrested for domestic violence Is accused of repeatedly pushing a 24-year-old woman during an argument 'Missing it so much!' Vicky Pattison sizzles in skimpy bikini as she reminisces over sun-drenched Dubai getaway with beau John Noble Wined and refined! Eva Longoria looks effortlessly chic in black dungarees as she visits Basque vineyard with husband José Bastón Good times Lily-Rose Depp looks Parisian chic in casual black-and-white outfit while on shopping trip Was out with a bodyguard for a trip to The Grove Katie Holmes enjoys outing with pretty-in-pink Suri... days after she was pictured at dinner with Jamie Foxx picking up some basics with her daughter Safety first! Padma Lakshmi holds hands with adorable daughter Krishna while crossing street in NYC Made a drab path look like a high end catwalk Chilled out! Sofia Richie opts for comfort as she steps out in a long white bathrobe dded matching white platform sneakers and large shades Tallia Storm rocks double denim as she shows off her toned and tanned legs in a tiny mini skirt for a trip to pal's house Out and about Paris chic! Diane Kruger models leather jacket, pink scarf to hit French Movie Festival... but beau Norman Reedus is nowhere to be seen Ready for Easter! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend pose with their daughter Luna as they take photos with a bunny in West Hollywood They sure like to show their bodies off! Kristin Cavallari flaunts chest and legs during shoot... after sharing naked photo of husband Jay Cutler 'I don't look at the cup as half full': Pierce Brosnan opens up about life after the devastating loss of his first wife and daughter to ovarian cancer 'You have an ally': Justin Theroux says he loves being married to Jennifer Aniston because she always has his back Feels lucky Kourtney Kardashian heads out on another dinner date with Quincy Brown after holidaying in Hawaii with ex Scott Disick and their children Something to tell us? The birthday suit is back! Joanna Krupa poses stark NAKED once again in a sizzling snap to toast turning 38 Put on a steamy display to mark the milestone Leggy Charlize Theron stuns in a chic mini skirt and ruffled blouse as she promotes Fast & Furious 8 in Madrid  EXCLUSIVE: Dean McDermott buys second motorcycle and anti-aging treatment as American Express demand over $80,000 from wife Tori Spelling EXCLUSIVE: What do you mean, $5,000? Justin Bieber sticks it to a fan who successfully sued him over pricey cancelled meet-and-greet sessions Break a leg? Michael McIntyre wears a supportive boot on his injured foot as he takes time out from comedy tour in London No laughing matter Tatt's awkward! Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear unveil new matching tattoos... after he got similar inking with ex Jemma Lucy SIX months ago 'Spring breaking!': Lisa Rinna, 53, shares flashback photo in black bikini after ugly end to season seven of RHOBH Knows how to turn heads 'I've aged, so my face has thinned out a little bit': Kim Zolciak explains her changing looks... but still insists she never had a nose job Curtain couture! Olivia Culpo channels The Sound of Music in quirky dress Worked a rather quirky ensemble Chic Kate Moss keeps it casual in a grey blazer and skinny jeans as she makes the street her catwalk in London Showcased her supermodel sass Mel B hires Sydney nanny Lauren McCartney after claims Stephen Belafonte impregnated former German nanny Lorraine Gilles in 2014 Get Out earns the most MTV Movie & TV Awards nominations while Beauty & The Beast, Game Of Thrones and Stranger Things also score big 'Maccas... is that like jackass?': Confused Heston Blumenthal tries to decipher Australian slang after that BIZARRE interview on TV show The Project Hollywood heartthrob Gerard Butler sports a bushy beard and flat cap as he continues to film new movie Keepers For the second consecutive day Mario Balotelli's ex-fiancée Fanny Neguesha flaunts her ample cleavage and pert derriere in very sexy purple thong bikini as she hits Miami beach  Big Brother's Laura Carter cuts a demure figure as she steps out in shoulder-baring navy mesh dress for day of horse-racing at Aintree Looked demure 'That is genius': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield burst into a fit of giggles as they discuss Kim Kardashian selling pool floats in the shape of her bum Glamorous cinema heiresses and the Duke of Kent's stunning daughter are among the débutantes, royals and society girls celebrated in Country Life Mama, I love you! Geri Horner, 44, looks svelte in a belted suede jacket as she arrives at BBC studios less than two months after giving birth to son Monty Feeling The Force! Daisy Ridley squeals with glee as she unleashes her inner adrenaline junkie at theme park  Good fun 'Good vibes only': Lucy Watson sets pulses racing while smouldering in a sexy swimsuit... as she puts MIC drama behind her on holiday in Maldives 'Random men offer to have a baby with me': 'Unfulfilled' Gemma Collins reveals best friend has offered to be an egg donor as she discusses fertility battle Hot to Trot! Bethenny Frankel steps out in skintight cut-out LBD in New York after Watch What Happens Live appearance Skinygirl LBD 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian Sienna Miller showcases her incredibly toned pins in daring chevron striped bikini as she soaks up the sun during relaxing Mexican getaway Billy Zane packs on the PDA with mystery Kelly Brook look-a-like as they share passionate smooch while dining in Milan Certainly has a type Sofia Richie bonds with dad Lionel as he recovers from knee injury that forced him to postpone tour with Mariah Carey Went to a concert  Debbie Reynolds' Hollywood memorabilia will go on display during the TCM Classic Film Festival... four months after her death Died in December Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Middle-east Arab News Opinion | Asharq Al-awsat Saudi Aramco Raises $3 Billion with Debut Sukuk - ASHARQ AL-AWSAT English English edition of Asharq Al-Awsat - the world’s premier pan-Arab daily. News, Politics, Middle-East, Saudi Arabia, Oponion, and Lots more... ENGLISH EDITION OF ASHARQ AL-AWSAT فارسي FA عربی AR اردو UR Middle East Middle East Yemeni Tribes’ Leaders: No Neutrality with the Coup, Supporting Legitimacy a Duty Hamas Executes Three Men Accused of Collaborating with Israel ISIS Shoots Down Helicopter in Mosul, Kurds ‘Re-energize’ Independence Referendum Plan Trump Launches Missile Strike on Syria after Chemical Attack Iraqi Helicopter Downed in Fight to Retake Mosul More than 14,000 Detained, Kidnapped by Houthi Militias in Yemen World World Ivanka Trump: My Father Knows when I Disagree with Him Somalia President Changes Military Leadership, Declares War on Terror Trump to Meet China’s Xi over Trade, North Korea Republicans Take Historic Step for Trump Supreme Court Pick Russia Arrests Suspected Accomplices of St. Petersburg Bomber Macron, Le Pen Still Leading Polls after ‘Historic’ Presidential Debate Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia Signs MoU to Establish Arab Market for Electricity Saudi-UK Talks Focus on Economy, Security King Abdullah II, May Discuss Military Cooperation, Fighting Terrorism King Salman Reviews Jordan Visit at Saudi National Cabinet Session King Salman Sends Cable of Thanks to King of Jordan KSA, Jordan Sign $1Billion-Worth Trade Agreements | Opinion Opinion The Defects of Lavrov’s World Order Scholar Radwan al-Sayed Wins King Faisal International Prize for Islamic Studies Iranian Militias in Bahrain ‘Gassing’ Syrians Is Overshadowed by Considerations of “The Eastern Question” Tech Underestimates Future Demand for Privacy Privacy is the Price We Pay for Our Internet Lives Features Features Terrorism and the Global Crisis of Modernity: From Islamophobia to Democratization Western Report Sees Iran’s Hand in the Arming of Terrorists in Bahrain The Blockade of Sinai’s Extremists Oldest Arab Universities Founded 1000 Years Ago Breitbart: At the Head of a Media Network Surrounding Trump ISIS Has Growing Number of Sympathizers in Lebanon’s Ain el-Hilweh Camp Lifestyle Book Reviews A Rainbow That Makes the Heart Leap Aleppo: A City That Refuses to Die The Crossing Between the Ayatollah and the Marquis Fashion ‘Net-a-Porter’ Cooperates with Five International Designers to Serve Arab Woman The New Markets Enjoy Decent Fashion Designs Fashion, Politics to Dedicate 2017 to Women Out of Fashion: How Men Could Fall off the Catwalk Sports Bastian Schweinsteiger Forgets the World Cup and Shines on MLS Debut British Managers Are Overrated By English Clubs – And the Stats Back It Up Five Outsiders Who Deserve to be Called up to the England Squad Toxic Mood at Relegation-Threatened Sunderland Is Helping Nobody Entertainment Coming to Video Games Near You: Depressed Towns, Dead-End Characters The End of In-Flight Entertainment? The Best New Podcasts of 2016 Arab Film Institute (AFI) Launched during DIFF 2016 Business Saudi Aramco Raises $3 Billion with Debut Sukuk Fatah Al-Rahman Youssef17 hours agoApril 6, 2017 109 The Logo of Saudi Aramco is seen at the 20th Middle East Oil & Gas Show and Conference (MOES 2017) in Manama, Bahrain, March 7, 2017. REUTERS/Hamad I Mohammed/File Photo Yemeni Tribes’ Leaders: No Neutrality with the Coup, Supporting Legitimacy a Duty - The Defects of Lavrov’s World Order - Sudan Ready to Join WTO - Ivanka Trump: My Father Knows when I Disagree with Him - Hamas Executes Three Men Accused of Collaborating with Israel - Somalia President Changes Military Leadership, Declares War on Terror - ISIS Shoots Down Helicopter in Mosul, Kurds 'Re-energize' Independence Referendum Plan - Trump Launches Missile Strike on Syria after Chemical Attack - Trump to Meet China’s Xi over Trade, North Korea - Republicans Take Historic Step for Trump Supreme Court Pick Riyadh-The sukuk market is expected to witness prosperity in the current year in which the Saudi government has commenced its first steps in the debut sukuk while Saudi Aramco is raising around $3 billion from its first issuance of sukuk. Relevant banks were assigned to arrange the first issuance in coincidence with Moody’s granting the Saudi program an A1 classification based on a stable future vision. Reuters revealed that the government appointed JPMorgan, HSBC and Citigroup as international arrangers of the dollar-denominated international sukuks — this coincides with Saudi plans to borrow 10 to 15 billion American dollars from the international issuance of this year. Saudi Aramco has raised SAR11.25 ($3 billion) from its debut Islamic bond, according to reliable sources who reported to Reuters. The Islamic bond, part of a program to raise SAR37.5 billion, is the oil giant’s first fundraising exercise aimed at diversifying revenues that have been hit by low global oil prices. The floating rate local currency sukuk has a seven-year maturity and offers 25 basis points over the six-month Saudi Arabian Interbank Offered Rate (SAIBOR). The economic sector views the international Saudi program to issue sukuks as a positive step that comes in perfect timing, given that it goes along with the changes and fulfills the need to fund investments in essential infrastructure – amidst forecasts that this program will fund the budget deficit fort 2017 ($52.8 billion). Fatah Al-Rahman Youssef More Posts - Website Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Related AramcoMoody’sSaudiSukuk Previous ArticleMore than 14,000 Detained, Kidnapped by Houthi Militias in YemenNext ArticleScholar Radwan al-Sayed Wins King Faisal International Prize for Islamic Studies What’s Trending Amaq – 24/7 News Agency Run by ISIS 38362 Saudi Sources: the Ultimate Solution in Yemen will Put an End to the Militias 28307 Crown Prince Patronizes Deluge 6 Exercise 24496 Air Strikes Target al Qaeda in Yemen, Troops Capture Aden District 22978 10,000 More Syrian Refugees to Be Taken in by Canada 22451 Join our social media 264kFans 126kFollowers 237Followers Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awsat Newsletter Email address PRINT SUBSCRIPTIONS DISTRIBUTION ADVERTISING TERMS & CONDITIONS PRIVACY STATEMENT ABOUT US SUBMISSIONS © Copyright 2016 Asharq Al Awsat - Sub Division of SRPC - Site Last updated April 7, 2017 8:04 am Middle East Opinion Saudi Arabia Features World Lifestyle This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Click to continue Accept Privacy & Cookies Policy Subscribe to News Asharq Al-awast English Newsletter Email address
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PostEverything Analysis Analysis Interpretation of the news based on evidence, including data, as well as anticipating how events might unfold based on past events The traditional think tank is withering. In its place? Bankers and consultants. How the private sector is taking over policymaking. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it How the private sector is taking over policymaking. By Daniel W. Drezner By Daniel W. Drezner April 6 at 6:00 AM Follow @dandrezner Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything. James Yang for The Washington Post Anybody who works in Washington knows that think tanks play an important role in advising the government on policy. For most bureaucrats, anything past two weeks is long term. Because experts at think tanks have fewer real-time deadlines, they specialize in the strategic thinking that many Cabinet agencies cannot do. Over the years, think tanks have had a hand in conceiving the Reagan administration’s first-term governing strategy, the expansion of NATO and the post-2006 surge in Iraq. One organization in particular has dramatically increased its influence over the past decade. Foreign policy professionals respect its work more than that of the Heritage Foundation or the Center for American Progress. Its reach is so great that it has advised numerous foreign governments on their environmental policies. British officials relied on it when considering reforms of the National Health Service. Saudi Arabia’s ambitious economic reform program had its origins in one of the group’s reports. Its alumni are littered throughout the federal government. The policy shop in question is McKinsey, a global — and highly profitable — consulting firm. In the foreign policy community, think tanks are widely viewed as the traditional brokers in the marketplace of ideas. But this is changing. Whether based in investment banks like Goldman Sachs, management consultancies like McKinsey or political risk firms like the Eurasia Group, private-sector institutions have started to act like policy knowledge brokers. Consultants have been key advisers to the government for decades, but recent trends have caused their star to rise at the same time that traditional think tanks face new challenges. The University of Pennsylvania’s annual think tank report has stressed “the fierce competition think tanks are facing from consulting firms” in recent years. As the Trump White House searches for actionable foreign policy ideas, and as Jared Kushner looks to the private sector to inform his White House Office of American Innovation, do not be surprised if they turn to McKinsey more than Brookings or the Council on Foreign Relations. If this sounds pernicious, it does not have to be. I’ve studied the practices of the think tank and consulting worlds. The latter brings real strengths. A more heterogeneous foreign policy conversation might be a good thing. But the forces that have enhanced the influence of consultants are not weakening. What looks like heterogeneity right now might turn into a homogenous world where consultants rule the foreign policy roost. And for all the perceived flaws of think tanks, consultants have even bigger faults when it comes to thinking about international relations. *          *          *          *          *          *          * Consultants have been involved in government since World War II, when Booz Allen Hamilton reorganized the Navy to prosecute a two-ocean campaign and A.D. Little helped develop operations research to better organize military logistics. After the war, the Eisenhower administration hired McKinsey to reorganize White House functions. In recent years, however, certain trends have accelerated the rise of consultancies in public policy. Globalization and geopolitical instability have midwifed a new class of political risk consultants with strong ties to the intelligence community. The increase in government outsourcing has created new demand for private-sector actors to provide services and advice on national security matters. Although the bread and butter of management consulting is catering to the private sector, by 2015, close to a quarter of these firms’ business came from advising government and nonprofit clients. Booz Allen and PricewaterhouseCoopers have consulted in areas like bioterrorism and cybersecurity; Edward Snowden got his start at the National Security Agency as a Booz Allen contractor. McKinsey’s influence over the Saudi reform program was so pervasive that in Riyadh, the Ministry of Planning is jokingly referred to as “the McKinsey Ministry.” One significant way these firms affect the marketplace of ideas is through a conscious strategy of thought leadership — promoting publicly accessible and marketable ideas to catch the attention of clients. Dominic Barton, McKinsey’s global managing partner, bragged to the Economist in 2013 about the firm’s “university-like capabilities.” Many private-sector firms have set up in-house think tanks. The McKinsey Global Institute (MGI) and the McKinsey Center for Government produce foreign-policy-relevant research. JPMorgan Chase created the JPMorgan Chase Institute to advise policymakers, hiring Diana Farrell, a former National Economic Council deputy director and the former head of MGI, to run it. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts created the KKR Global Institute, integrating “expertise and analysis about emerging developments and long-term trends in geopolitics, macroeconomics, demographics, energy and natural resource markets, technology, and trade policy,” and hired David Petraeus to be its chairman. These for-profit think tanks are generating more research pertaining to world politics. The BRICS grouping of emerging economies — Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa — had its origins in a 2001 Goldman Sachs study. More recently, Credit Suisse has reported about the return of multipolarity in world politics, while KPMG and HSBC have sketched out what the global economy could look like a generation from now. Some firms have developed eye-catching rankings and indices of countries, cities or other actors. The Legatum Institute built a global prosperity index . DHL and McKinsey have marketed their own indices of cross-border connectedness. Deloitte produced a global manufacturing competitiveness index. Michael Chui, a partner at MGI, told me that the creation of such rankings “is a great way to engage people” in McKinsey’s work. While for-profit think tanks are making their mark, traditional think tanks have come under fire for possible conflicts of interest. The 2008 financial crisis forced these organizations to seek more private-sector support. A welter of think tanks have developed corporate sponsorship programs to offer companies privileged access to their experts. At the Council on Foreign Relations, a six-figure corporate contribution comes with three CFR briefings “tailored to the company’s interests .” Many other think tanks have received money from foreign governments. These attempts to find more revenue have threatened think tanks’ brands. The New York Times and The Washington Post have documented the ways corporations like FedEx and foreign governments like Qatar have partnered with prestigious think tanks such as the Atlantic Council and Brookings. And think tank officials have acknowledged the sway of donors. Bill Goodfellow, the executive director of the Center for International Policy, told the Times: “It’s absurd to suggest that donors don’t have influence. The danger is we in the think tank world are being corrupted in the same way as the political world.” The irony is that the nonprofit actors, in trying to expand their base of support, have been accused of compromising their independence, while the explicitly for-profit world of consultants has avoided the charge. This is true even though much of the private-sector advisers’ information comes from their proprietary work, so the transparency of their intellectual products is opaque at best. Why have consultants avoided the accusations that have ensnared the think tank world? One reason is that consultants do bring some genuine intellectual strengths to the foreign policy table. As an academic who researches foreign economic policy, I can testify that Goldman Sachs or McKinsey or State Street often puts out the first piece of cogent analysis when a new issue crops up. These organizations produced informative research when sovereign wealth funds emerged. They were also quicker to detect China’s economic slowdown than traditional foreign policy intellectuals. That does not mean they will always be right — but if identifying problems is the first step in solving them, then they have a leg up. Furthermore, their work can be just as rigorous as that of think tanks. Like those organizations, consultants lean on the ivory tower to bolster their intellectual firepower. DHL’s connectedness index, for example, was created by academics. Another reason consultancies are thriving is that they are perfectly positioned to exploit the political shifts that led to President Trump’s election. Political polarization has made it difficult for any outlet to catch the attention of ideologues. Unlike universities, however, the private sector is not seen as a creature of the left. And unlike nonprofit think tanks, the private sector can exploit an implicit inference clients draw: If someone is willing to pay for their services, then they must have value. An awful lot of consultants are rich, and this is a White House that seems to see net worth as a leading indicator of intellectual prowess. The fall of traditional institutions and the rise of polarization have created conditions that are ideal for private-sector intellectuals. *          *          *          *          *          *          * While for-profit intellectuals make valuable contributions, it would be problematic if they crowded out traditional think tanks. For one thing, consultancies have their own biases. In some cases these are political; a few financial thought leaders have told me that their bosses have reproached them for being overly pessimistic about Trump’s effect on economic growth. In other cases, their advice is biased toward highlighting their services. You will not see Booz Allen or McKinsey recommend against government outsourcing, for example. In foreign policy, they care about making money, which means they will neglect the parts of the world with no profit centers. These are often the places that become foreign policy hot spots. In an effort to sell certainty in an uncertain world, private-sector thought leaders often engage in “overfitting” — over-interpreting statistical noise as representing an underlying trend. Consultants are no better at understanding how politicians behave and are sometimes a bit worse; more than a year ago, the Eurasia Group dismissed the idea of a Trump administration as an overhyped risk. That was an odd prediction, since political risk firms are usually likely to exaggerate such risks — the better to hype the need for their consulting. It used to be that foreign policy professionals had a choice: take the credit or take the money. Those intellectuals who wanted to own the ideas they ginned up, such as academics, were happy to promote them to others. Those who were comfortable with outsourced and subcontracted work could earn generous consulting contracts, while policymakers could take credit for their ideas. That trade-off may no longer exist. The modern marketplace of foreign policy ideas has enabled for-profit thought leaders to have it all. Through their thought leadership, they can claim credit as a marketing device. Through their bespoke work, they can earn money as well. Through the Trump administration, their ideas will find a receptive ear in the corridors of power. 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Daniel W. Drezner is a professor of international politics at the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy at Tufts University and a regular contributor to PostEverything. Follow @dandrezner 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Putin’s ex-wife returns to the spotlight with a dashing young husband and a fancy French villa 2 These high school journalists investigated a new principal’s credentials. Days later, she resigned. 3 Senate poised for historic clash over Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch 4 The troubles at the American mall are coming to a boil 5 The Latest: Germany welcomes Trump criticism of Assad washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Thursday April 06 2017 7:54 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks wither as Fed plans end early rally April 06, 2017, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — A big rally in U.S. stocks evaporated Wednesday as the Federal Reserve appeared to struggle with questions related to inflation and government policy and suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks had jumped early on after payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 263,000 jobs in March, which was more than analysts expected. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an all-time intraday high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. But stocks halted their advance and started falling at 2 p.m. Eastern, when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed’s bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Donald Trump’s stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars’ worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds mature, it has continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent from 2.36 percent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped $1.12, or 1.3 percent, to $86.19 and BB&T shed 56 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $43.98. Banks made strong gains in early trading but they wound up with much bigger losses than the rest of the market. For the last couple of months it seemed investors and the Fed understood each other well, as the central bank indicated it intended to keep raising interest rates gradually assuming the economy continued to grow at a steady clip. It raised rates in December and March. The uncertainty reflected in the Fed’s March meeting may challenge that understanding. Soup and sandwich chain Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for $315 a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet’s Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock jumped in recent days thanks to rumors about a deal. It rose $38.94, or 14.2 percent, to $312.94. The stock was trading at $230 a share a month ago. Early Wednesday, U.S. and European regulators approved the sale of Swiss agribusiness Syngenta to ChemChina. ChemChina will have to sell some businesses to complete the $43 billion deal, but those rulings may have made investors more hopeful that two other giant chemical deals will be approved. Dow Chemical and DuPont, which plan to combine, both rose. Dow Chemical gained 32 cents to $63.52 and DuPont added 67 cents to $80.47. Monsanto reported profit and sales that were far better than analysts expected. Monsanto said profits from its corn and soybean businesses grew in the fiscal second quarter. It also backed its forecasts for the year and said its sale to Bayer of Germany should close by the end of the year. The stock rose $1.10, or 1 percent, to $115.31. Greenbrier, which makes railroad freight car equipment, announced a bigger profit and better sales than analysts expected. It also said rail traffic is growing and announced a $1 billion agreement with a key customer. Greenbrier stock climbed $4.30, or 10 percent, to $47.25. U.S. crude oil rose 12 cents to $51.15 a barrel in New York. Brent, the international standard, gained 19 cents to $54.36 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline remained at $1.72 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Natural gas decline 3 cents to $3.27 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold sank $9.90 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver lost 14 cents to $18.19 an ounce. Copper jumped 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.68 a pound. Those moves reflected investors’ earlier optimism, as precious metals trading ends before stock trading does. The dollar rose to 110.86 yen from 110.65 yen. The euro fell to $1.0667 from $1.0670. The FTSE 100 index in Britain gained 0.1 percent. France’s CAC 40 lost 0.2 percent and the DAX in Germany fell 0.5 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index gained 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng advanced 0.6 percent. The Kospi of South Korea finished little changed. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, cents, trading, stock, points, which, Other stories from today: Canadian accused in Yahoo hack has bail hearing What do Panera and Krispy Kreme have in common? Stocks wither as Fed plans end early rally     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   How much do you approve of the job performance of President Trump? Strongly approve Approve Neutral Disapprove Strongly disapprove             Murder defendent posts $35M bail A woman accused of arranging the murder of her ex-boyfriend last year posted a record-high $35 milli.. Missing person report leads to dead body, crime scene in San Bruno Detectives investigating a report of a missing person found a dead person at a residence in San Brun.. Senate GOP 'goes nuclear,' clearing way for Trump court pick WASHINGTON — Republicans invoked the “nuclear option” in the Senate Thursday, unilaterally rew.. Nunes steps away from Russia probe, citing ethics complaints WASHINGTON — The Republican chairman is stepping aside from leading a congressional investigation .. More >>                 Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal Burlingame news  
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy by Sabrina Willmer @swillmer More stories by Sabrina Willmer April 6, 2017, 8:37 AM EDT April 6, 2017, 11:08 AM EDT BlackRock CEO says consumers, businesses are crimping spending JPMorgan head sees something wrong with the United States Parsing What JPMorgan's Dimon Said in Shareholder Letter Two of Wall Street’s most influential CEOs -- Larry Fink and Jamie Dimon -- are raising warning flags over the nation’s economy. BlackRock Inc.’s Fink said Thursday that U.S. growth is slowing on concern whether the Trump administration’s agenda will get through Congress. Dimon lamented that “it is clear that something is wrong” with the nation in a letter to investors Tuesday. Both CEOs are part of a group of business leaders that advise President Donald Trump. Larry Fink Photographer: Justin Chin/Bloomberg Fink expressed chagrin over the pace of changes so far under the new administration. He told CNBC the U.S. economy is slowing as both consumers and businesses wait to see if the new administration can deliver on tax reform and deregulation following the failure of the health-care bill in March. "There’s a greater worry that these proposed changes are going to be harder and harder to execute," said Fink, speaking on CNBC Thursday. "You’re seeing a slowing down of our economy." Fink said the U.S. may be the slowest-growing economy in the first quarter among the G-7 nations. Japan, Canada and Europe are expanding faster than anticipated six months ago while the U.S. is lagging expectations. Without tax reform and deregulation, he said, the markets will suffer setbacks. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Dimon used his 45-page annual letter to list ways America is stronger than ever -- before jumping into a much longer list of problems. Since the turn of the century, the U.S. has dumped trillions of dollars into wars, piled huge debt onto students and forced legions of foreigners to leave after getting advanced degrees, he said in the letter. He called for infrastructure investment and reducing corporate taxes to lift the economy. Jamie Dimon Photographer: Christophe Morin/Bloomberg Why JPMorgan CEO Dimon Warns ’Something is Wrong’ With U.S. Fink, the head of the world’s largest asset manager, said the most crowded trade right now is that rates are going to move much higher. Instead, he said, there’s a 51 percent chance that 10-year Treasuries drop below 2 percent. BlackRock is trying to accelerate its own growth, particularly in its struggling stock-picking business, by relying more on quants to stem the outflows from active funds. Last week BlackRock announced it’s shifting $6 billion of the $201 billion run by stock pickers into offerings with lower fees where quants play a role. The firm is also firing more than 30 people in its active-equities group, including five of its 53 fundamental portfolio managers, said a person familiar last month. Fink said on CNBC that the moves are not a substitution of humans with machines. "It is a reorientation in the large-cap area of U.S. equities," he said. "It is a recognition there are more sources of information." The money manager is doing a lot of research on artificial intelligence, Fink said, but the idea that computers are now able to stock-pick without human input is "more of a myth than a reality." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next That Creaky Old Economic Expansion? Watch It Keep Going You Can’t Retire on the Trump Bump A Six-Figure Income May Not Shield You From a Shock Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Cohn Backs Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / EARLY Movers, NYSE Top Dollar Volume Stocks, April 6 EARLY Movers, NYSE Top Dollar Volume Stocks, April 6 posted by Chris Miranda on April 6, 2017 at 11:45 am EARLY Movers, NYSE Top Dollar Volume Stocks, April 6   Bank of America Corporation  was trading at $23.17 down 1.15 percent on $2,230,319,732 dollar volume.   JP Morgan Chase & Co  was trading at $86.19 down 1.28 percent on $1,508,027,903 dollar volume.   Citigroup Inc.  was trading at $59.59 down 0.15 percent on $1,194,075,504 dollar volume.   Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  was trading at $227.66 down 0.70 percent on $1,188,444,392 dollar volume.   Exxon Mobil Corporation  was trading at $82.53 up 0.19 percent on $1,138,676,479 dollar volume.   Salesforce.com Inc  was trading at $85.34 up 2.86 percent on $1,133,935,366 dollar volume.   International Business Machines Corporation  was trading at $172.88 down 0.94 percent on $1,078,572,042 dollar volume.   CVS Health Corporation  was trading at $77.03 down 1.08 percent on $1,028,474,056 dollar volume.   Wells Fargo & Company was trading at  $54.98 down 0.40 percent on $940,514,215 dollar volume.   Alibaba Group Holding Limited  was trading at $107.44 down 0.07 percent on $873,403,182 dollar volume.   Berkshire Hathaway Inc.  was trading at $165.83 down 0.62 percent on $855,675,338 dollar volume.   AT&T Inc. was trading at  $41.51 down 0.43 percent on $827,978,883 dollar volume.   General Electric Company was trading at  $29.97 down 0.17 percent on $772,453,343 dollar volume.   Verizon Communications Inc.  was trading at $49.02 down 0.59 percent on $698,413,479 dollar volume.   Johnson & Johnson  was trading at $124.80 up 0.10 percent on $695,192,160 dollar volume.   Chevron Corporation was trading at  $108.64 down 0.02 percent on $686,088,325 dollar volume.   Pfizer, Inc.  was trading at $34.19 down 0.44 percent on $658,779,826 dollar volume.   Visa Inc.  was trading at $89.03 up 0.28 percent on $645,299,589 dollar volume.   Monsanto Company was trading at  $115.31 up 0.49 percent on $628,999,330 dollar volume.   Halliburton Company was trading at $49.85 up 0.61 percent on $611,187,520 dollar volume.   About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 FXGiants Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 4 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Creditbit Witnesses Unprecedented Price Hike; Hits $1 Mark Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: NEW 52-Week Lows, NASDAQ, April 6 NEW 52-Week Lows, NASDAQ, April 6 Aralez Pharmaceuticals Inc. hit a new 52-week low of $1.77. The stock had a...Close
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Economy Tags: gary cohn | wall street | lending | investment | banks Gary Cohn Said to Back Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks (AP/Mark Lennihan) Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 08:11 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    In a private meeting with lawmakers, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he supports a policy that could radically reshape Wall Street’s biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks, said people with direct knowledge of the matter. Cohn, the ex-Goldman Sachs Group Inc. executive who is now advising President Donald Trump, said he generally favors banking going back to how it was when firms like Goldman focused on trading and underwriting securities, and companies such as Citigroup Inc. primarily issued loans, according to the people, who heard his comments. The remarks surprised some senators and congressional aides who attended the Wednesday meeting, as they didn’t expect a former top Wall Street executive to speak favorably of proposals that would force banks to dramatically rethink how they do business. Yet Cohn’s comments echo what Trump and Republican lawmakers have previously said about wanting to bring back the Glass-Steagall Act, the Depression-era law that kept bricks-and-mortar lending separate from investment banking for more than six decades. In the years after the law’s 1999 repeal, banks such as Citigroup, Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. gobbled up rivals and pushed into all sorts of new businesses, becoming one-stop-shopping financial behemoths. White House spokeswoman Natalie Strom didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Tempering Changes Many banking executives believed that the inclusion of former finance executives like Cohn in Trump’s White House would temper major changes such as a Glass-Steagall return. But his Wednesday remarks suggest he could be a wildcard should Congress get serious about reinstating the law. White House officials haven’t said what an updated version of Glass-Steagall might look like. Cohn’s remarks were prompted by a question from Senator Elizabeth Warren, one of the finance industry’s most relentless critics, said the people who asked not to be named because Cohn’s meeting with Senate Banking Committee members was private. The Massachusetts Democrat asked Cohn about his thoughts on Glass-Steagall. After Cohn answered, Senator Robert Corker, a Tennessee Republican, pressed the White House official to clarify his views. Spokesmen for Warren and Corker didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment. Dismantling the nation’s banking giants isn’t a partisan issue, which is one reason why Wall Street fears the idea could gain traction. Both political parties -- and many voters -- still resent that taxpayers had to rescue the industry with a $700 billion bailout during the 2008 financial crisis. Bipartisan Issue Republicans included a return of Glass-Steagall in the party platform they approved in July during their national convention. Warren herself has proposed legislation with Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona called the “21st Century Glass-Steagall Act.” Advocates for bringing the law back say smaller banks could be allowed to fail without threatening the economy or needing bailouts. They also argue that a less powerful finance industry wouldn’t have as much influence over Washington policy. Wall Street executives counter that it would be impossible for broken-up lenders to compete with overseas mega-banks and that the 2010 Dodd-Frank Act has made the industry much safer. Wednesday’s Capitol Hill meeting with Cohn was arranged by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo, and included lawmakers from both political parties and their staffs. The discussion covered a wide range of topics, including financial regulations and overhauling the tax code, the people said. A Crapo spokeswoman declined to comment. © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Economy In a private meeting with lawmakers, White House economic adviser Gary Cohn said he supports a policy that could radically reshape Wall Street's biggest firms by separating their consumer-lending businesses from their investment banks. gary cohn, wall street, lending, investment, banks 559 Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 08:11 AM 2017-11-06 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Says New Trade Orders Set Stage for Manufacturing Revival Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 28 comments I am totally in favor of the Trump's bringing factories and manufacturing... US Jobs Departing for Mexico Again After Post-Election Freeze Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 14 comments How long do these companies think they will make money after they finish... Ron Insana: Market Could Plunge 10 Percent on Trump 'Land Mines' Monday, 03 Apr 2017 | 11 comments Our economy has been in trouble since Clinton signed off on NAFTA and... Danger of Plunge in U.S. Stocks Grows as Auto Sales Disappoint Tuesday, 04 Apr 2017 | 9 comments Who the hell can afford to by a new car these days. A new car today cost... Byron Wien: DC 'Anarchy' Could Spark Stock Market Correction Friday, 31 Mar 2017 | 7 comments First, although a lot of jobs have already flowed out of the U.S., even... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs top Canadian M&A rankings as activity rises Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Apr 6, 2017 | 7:15am EDT JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs top Canadian M&A rankings as activity rises Security cameras point towards pedestrians outside the Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) headquarters in Toronto, Ontario, Canada March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Chris Helgren By John Tilak | TORONTO TORONTO Canadian mergers and acquisitions got off to their strongest start in 17 years in 2017 as cross-border deal activity picked up pace, with JPMorgan (JPM.N), Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and RBC (RY.TO) taking the top three spots in the advisory rankings. Foreign banks further consolidated their position in Canadian deal-making as companies looked beyond borders for growth opportunities. Toronto Dominion (TD.TO) and Lazard (LAZ.N) rounded out the top five positions in the league tables, according to Thomson Reuters data released on Thursday. Deal value in the first quarter of 2017 jumped 12 percent to $75.4 billion, making it the best first quarter only behind the same period in 2000. Sizeable cross-border deals included AltaGas Ltd's (ALA.TO) planned acquisition of WGL Holdings (WGL.N) for C$8.4 billion ($6.25 billion), and MacDonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd's (MDA.TO) C$3.1 billion deal buy U.S.-based satellite imagery provider DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI.N). "The results are reflective of the strong market we have for cross-border deals," said David Rawlings, head of JPMorgan Canada. Canadian companies "certainly want exposure to the United States. Our clients want to diversify outside of Canada," he added. Energy sector deals dominated the league tables, with domestic oil companies scooping assets of foreign oil majors. ConocoPhillips (COP.N) agreed to sell its oil sands and natural gas assets to Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE.TO) for C$17.2 billion, while Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) offloaded most of its Canadian oil sands assets for $8.5 billion. Canadian Natural Resources Ltd (CNQ.TO) was the main buyer of those assets. "The large energy deals are strategic, chessboard-type transactions," said Brian Hanson, chief executive of Lazard's Canadian investment banking division. "We expect more energy activity and more energy consolidation, but it may not be in a straight line, particularly if energy prices are volatile," he added. The robust first-quarter performance in Canadian M&A follows an impressive 2016, when deal volume hit a nine-year high.. Bankers are betting on more deals. "We remain optimistic that 2017 will be a good year for Canadian M&A," said Peter Buzzi, co-head of M&A at RBC Capital Markets. "Equity markets are close to their all-time highs and interest rates are still low by historical standards, notwithstanding the run-up since the U.S. election." (Reporting by John Tilak; Editing by Leslie Adler) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Oil jumps in knee-jerk reaction after U.S. launches missile strikes at Syria SINGAPORE Oil futures surged more than 2 percent to a one-month high on Friday after the United States launched dozens of cruise missiles at an airbase in Syria, with prices later dropping back as there seemed no immediate threat to supplies. S&P futures down 0.5 percent, after U.S. strike in Syria NEW YORK U.S. equity index futures were lower on Thursday, after U.S President Donald Trump said he ordered a targeted military strike against an airfield in Syria from which a deadly chemical attack was launched this week. Weak crude oil stunts U.S. energy IPOs, boosts outlook for M&A LONDON/NEW YORK The stream of U.S. energy companies going public at the start of 2017 has dried up on concerns over the future direction of oil prices, but private buyers seeking mergers and acquisitions are ready to take advantage of the volatility to secure cheap deals. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures America in the Great War Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MedEquities Realty Trust Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MedEquities Realty Trust Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Altra Industrial Motion Corp (AIMC) Target Price at $41.67 MedEquities Realty Trust Inc (MRT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Blackrock New Jersey Municipal Income Tr (BNJ) Plans $0.07 Monthly Dividend Blackrock Strategic Municipal Trust Fund (BSD) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.07 Cheviot Value Management LLC Has $1,305,000 Stake in The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Citigroup Inc Increases Green Dot Co. (GDOT) Price Target to $39.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Price Target to $20.00 Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Position Maintained by Drexel Morgan & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Price Target to $49.00 Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Cut to Market Perform at Telsey Advisory Group Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Rating Increased to Conviction-Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Insider Selling: salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Insider Sells $341,757.57 in Stock Sun Valley Gold Llc Buys 170,000 Shares of Exeter Resource Corp (XRC) Stock Insider Selling: Diamond Hill Investment Group, Inc. (DHIL) Director Sells $288,045.00 in Stock Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Sold by Girard Securities Inc. Girard Securities Inc. Has $465,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) GSA Capital Partners LLP Takes Position in Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $218,000 in Icon Plc (ICLR) MedEquities Realty Trust Inc (MRT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet MedEquities Realty Trust Inc (NYSE:MRT) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight brokerages that are presently covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have assigned a hold recommendation and five have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $12.67. Several research analysts have issued reports on MRT shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of MedEquities Realty Trust from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and lowered their price objective for the stock from $12.50 to $12.00 in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of MedEquities Realty Trust from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $13.00 target price on shares of MedEquities Realty Trust in a report on Monday, March 6th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/medequities-realty-trust-inc-mrt-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of MRT. Prudential Financial Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of MedEquities Realty Trust during the third quarter valued at $26,438,000. Clough Capital Partners L P purchased a new stake in shares of MedEquities Realty Trust during the fourth quarter valued at $12,367,000. Boston Partners purchased a new stake in shares of MedEquities Realty Trust during the third quarter valued at $11,098,000. Ardsley Advisory Partners purchased a new stake in shares of MedEquities Realty Trust during the third quarter valued at $9,400,000. Finally, Forward Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of MedEquities Realty Trust during the third quarter valued at $5,875,000. 69.99% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of MedEquities Realty Trust (NYSE:MRT) opened at 11.41 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $11.03 and a 200-day moving average of $11.18. MedEquities Realty Trust has a 12-month low of $10.28 and a 12-month high of $12.05. The firm’s market cap is $362.72 million. About MedEquities Realty Trust MedEquities Realty Trust, Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company invests in a diversified mix of healthcare properties and healthcare-related real estate debt investments. The Company invests primarily in real estate across the acute and post-acute spectrum of care. It focuses on investing in various types of healthcare properties, including acute care hospitals; skilled nursing facilities; short-stay surgical and specialty hospitals, which focus on orthopedic, heart and other dedicated surgeries and specialty procedures; dedicated specialty hospitals, such as inpatient rehabilitation facilities, long-term acute care hospitals and facilities providing psychiatric care; physician clinics; diagnostic facilities; outpatient surgery centers, and facilities that support these services, such as medical office buildings. Receive News & Ratings for MedEquities Realty Trust Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MedEquities Realty Trust Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Local news Clout Street Morning Spin: City treasurer cancels news conference to 'continue discussions' with 2 banks ct-democrat-governor-candidates-met-0401 Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Chicago City Treasurer Kurt Summers speaks at a forum for Democratic gubernatorial candidates on March 27, 2017. Chicago City Treasurer Kurt Summers speaks at a forum for Democratic gubernatorial candidates on March 27, 2017. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) Privacy Policy Welcome to Clout Street: Morning Spin, our weekday feature to catch you up with what's going on in government and politics from Chicago to Springfield. Subscribe here. Topspin City Treasurer Kurt Summers, who has been floating his name lately as a potential Democratic candidate for governor, canceled a news conference Wednesday at which he planned to call out two big banks on the issue of community investment. The cancellation came less than two hours before the event, which had been announced the evening before. Summers spokeswoman Alexandra Trumbull said it was called off so the treasurer could “continue discussions” with the banks. Summers, in his first elected term as treasurer after running unopposed in 2015, planned to accuse JPMorgan Chase and Citi of refusing “to pledge their commitment to providing banking services and accessibility in Chicago's low- and moderate-income neighborhoods,” according to the initial announcement. Both were among 14 banks that had filled out an annual application to the city to be designated as “municipal depositories” — banks placed on a list for potential deposit of city funds. As part of the application, the city asked banks to sign a one-page pledge of commitment to community reinvestment. Antiviolence programs would get millions of dollars under plan to spend interest earnings John Byrne and Hal Dardick A Chicago alderman unveiled a plan Wednesday to redirect $25 million in extra revenue identified by the treasurer's office to fund programs for antiviolence, job training and after-school efforts in all 50 wards. Veteran Southwest Side Ald. Ricardo Munoz wants the money to go directly to the kinds... A Chicago alderman unveiled a plan Wednesday to redirect $25 million in extra revenue identified by the treasurer's office to fund programs for antiviolence, job training and after-school efforts in all 50 wards. Veteran Southwest Side Ald. Ricardo Munoz wants the money to go directly to the kinds... (John Byrne and Hal Dardick) Reinvesting in struggling communities has been a signature issue for Summers, who if he entered the governor’s race would be among a field of Democratic candidates that could include two wealthy men — Chris Kennedy and J.B. Pritzker — vying to take on wealthy Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner. So taking aim at big banks could be a way for Summers to send a political message. But deciding not to do business with Chase could be tricky for him, given that city payroll direct deposits are made from a Chase account. After being told Summers was looking for further discussions, Christine Holevas, a spokeswoman for Chase, said, “We’re always happy to sit down with the treasurer and his staff.” Robert Julavits, a spokesman for Citi, provided a report detailing his bank’s involvement in Chicago programs, some of which serve lower-income residents. “We will continue to build on our efforts to support the city, its residents and its businesses — from our investments in affordable housing, small business lending and other banking services offered through our branches, as well as the strong partnerships we have built to support Chicago’s diverse entrepreneurs,” Julavits said in a statement. (Hal Dardick) City treasurer Summers emails supporters explaining potential governor bid Bill Ruthhart Chicago Treasurer Kurt Summers is continuing his flirtation with a run for the Democratic nomination for governor in 2018, sending an email to supporters explaining why he's weighing a bid and alerting them to an upcoming fundraiser. In the Wednesday night email, titled "New Leadership in Illinois,"... Chicago Treasurer Kurt Summers is continuing his flirtation with a run for the Democratic nomination for governor in 2018, sending an email to supporters explaining why he's weighing a bid and alerting them to an upcoming fundraiser. In the Wednesday night email, titled "New Leadership in Illinois,"... (Bill Ruthhart)   What's on tap *Mayor Rahm Emanuel will make a tourism announcement at the annual Choose Chicago meeting in the morning and open the NCAA Frozen Four men's hockey championship at the United Center in the afternoon. *Gov. Rauner will attend a community breakfast in Decatur and later hold an Illinois Student Veteran’s Leadership Day event in Springfield. *The Illinois House and Senate meet.   From the notebook *Cullerton immigration plan moves: A proposal from Senate President John Cullerton aiming to protect Illinois immigrants during President Donald Trump's administration won preliminary support Wednesday. The legislation would limit local law enforcement officials’ cooperation with federal immigration authorities and create so-called safe zones in state-funded schools, health care facilities and facilities operated by the secretary of state. It also would block state and local law enforcement agencies from creating registries based on race, religion and national origin. The bill cleared a committee Wednesday and now heads to the Senate floor. Immigration issues have received heightened attention under the Trump administration, and Cullerton said many of the president’s maneuvers have caused concern among immigrants living in the country without legal permission. “They’re not shopping. They’re not going out,” Cullerton said. “They’re afraid of getting arrested.” Some Republicans expressed concern about law enforcement opposition to the bill. "You're really going to put law enforcement in a quandary, based on the bill as it is right now," said Sen. Chris Nybo, R-Elmhurst. "I think they have conflicting obligations, and conflicting obligations that jeopardize safety at a local level and perhaps at a national level." (Haley BeMiller) *Gutierrez plugs immigration events: U.S. Rep. Luis Gutierrez, a Chicago Democrat, on Wednesday spoke from the House floor urging people to show solidarity with immigrants at events planned that day around the U.S. “This will be a day for all Americans to demonstrate our resistance to the mass deportation, mass discrimination and mass deception policies of our president,” he said. A day before, Gutierrez held a news conference in Washington with Chicago-area children who have a parent who has been deported or is at risk of deportation. Some groups are urging a mass strike on May 1 to make it a day without Latinos, immigrants and refugees in protest of Trump’s tougher policies on deportation. (Katherine Skiba)   What we're writing *How a tight suburban mayor's race could signal GOP challenges in 2018. *Emanuel wants to add a CPS graduation requirement: Get acceptance letter. *Democrats start moving stopgap state budget despite clear hurdles. *Fired top cop Garry McCarthy says he's been encouraged to run for mayor. *Emanuel defends Chicago schools after Trump criticism. *CTU says teachers will be in class May 1. *Tough election night for many suburban mayors; nearly 20 lose seats. *Northeastern Illinois cancels 3 days of class because of state budget impasse. *Woman who died in March wins election to Joliet Junior College board. *Lawyers hint at more far-reaching charges against ex-Ald. Edward Vrdolyak. *Illinois $15 minimum wage clears House committee. *No conceding so far in tight Evanston mayoral race.   What we're reading *Police believe teen killed four to avenge father's slaying the previous night. *Chicago area expected to get hit with strong winds, rain, possibly snow. *MillerCoors pays CEO $5.5 million in 2016, more than double his 2015 wages.   Follow the money *Emanuel reported $97,700 in contributions from 24 donors. *Track Illinois campaign contributions in real time here and here.    Beyond Chicago *Trump condemns chemical attack in Syria as U.N. ambassador assails Russia's role. *Steve Bannon removed from National Security Council. *Pepsi pulls ad accused of trivializing Black Lives Matter. *Warnings but no action preceded deadly flood in Colombia. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Immigration Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S. Senate Luis Gutierrez Illinois General Assembly Chris Nybo Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 38°
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ANALYSIS April 7, 2017 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: IPL Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors22 Markets10 Automotives2 Banking4 Construction Employment Features2 General Investment2 Media Careers Energy70 Retail2 Shipping Technology7 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Oil spikes as US missile strike roils markets YouTube starts no views, no ads policy Mileage airlines derive out of loyalty offers Renewables Aviation5 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Dubai declaration on cyber security announced Boeing teams with JetBlue to fund electric plane Airlines use innovations to lure passengers Economy6 Property GN Property top stories in Property New five-star hotel to open in Bur Dubai Monthly cheques aid Dubai residents Nakheel awards contract for Dragon City hotel Money1 Dollars and Dirhams1 Visas Analysis5 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus For the UK, the hard yards start now Political rhetoric aside, hammering out a common ground will be a fraught task Published: 12:04 April 6, 2017 By Peter S. Goodman   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE The world did not end. No recession unfolded. Nine months after Britain voted to leave the European Union, disregarding warnings of grim economic consequences, a nation famous for calmly carrying on has seemingly gone about its business. As Prime Minister Theresa May officially initiated Britain’s exit from Europe, the lack of disaster was touted by those steering the departure as a sign of little trouble ahead. “There were predictions about what would happen to the economy if the UK voted to leave,” May told Parliament. “Those predictions have not proved to be correct. We see a strong economy.” But the reassuring talk did not reckon with one significant detail: Nothing has actually happened yet. May has only set in motion the complex, politically fraught divorce proceedings through which Britain must settle its affairs with the 27 jilted members of the European Union. The outcome will almost certainly be costly: Britain has placed in jeopardy its trading relationship with Europe, its largest customer for exports, while imperilling London’s status as banker to the planet. The markets essentially shrugged. The move was as expected as the next Super Bowl. The pound dipped a tad. So did shares on London’s stock market. The immediate impact of May’s action was to start negotiations on future dealings across the English Channel. Those talks have a two-year deadline. If no deal is struck before then, Britain and Europe would plunge into a state of chaotic uncertainty. Trade would revert to the rules of the World Trade Organisation, making Britain’s exports to Europe vulnerable to tariffs and other barriers to commerce, including health and safety rules. London’s bankers would be effectively severed from Europe, with many transactions for clients based on the Continent rendered illegal. Until now, such issues were wrapped in layers of hypotheticals, with the details left for some indeterminate day when Britain’s government would make it real. That day has come. Though the financial industry has been preparing to move jobs to other financial capitals in anticipation of a messy Brexit, other industries have waited for clarity. Now, they will feel pressure to act — shifting some lines of business to European capitals, perhaps shelving British expansions. Global banking giants like Citigroup, HSBC and JPMorgan Chase may soon carry out plans to shift thousands of jobs to financial centers in the European Union. Goldman Sachs recently confirmed that it is moving hundreds of jobs out of London while expanding offices in Frankfurt and Paris. Vodafone, the telecommunications giant, said after the referendum that it might shift its headquarters from London. “The fact of setting this clock ticking is significant, because two years for many businesses is enough time for them to adapt, but short enough that they have to start making decisions really quickly,” said Nicolas Véron, an economist and senior fellow at Bruegel, a research institution in Brussels. “You will start to see very observable, concrete consequences of Brexit very soon.” Britain has exploited its inclusion in Europe’s vast single market to make itself a dominant hub for multinational companies as various as aviation, pharmaceuticals and finance. They have set up factories, marketing teams and trading floors in Britain while selling to clients from Ireland to Greece, as if this swath of geography — home to some 500 million people — were one country. So much for all that. European leaders have consistently reaffirmed that remaining in the single market requires that Britain accept the free movement of people. That collides with a primary aim of many Brexit supporters — restricting immigration. After months of pretending that a finesse could be found, May in January declared her government’s choice: enter immigration limits, goodbye single market. Long before this political reckoning with reality, executives at global banks were mulling which jobs to move from London to other cities in the EU — Dublin, Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, Luxembourg. “People will have to move,” said William Wright, founder and managing director of New Financial, a research institution in London. “There’s no other option.” Predicting how many jobs will move has become a thriving cottage industry. Oliver Wyman, the global consultancy, concluded that if, as now seems likely, transactions in London for European clients are sharply curtailed, as many as 35,000 British jobs could disappear with as much as 20 billion pounds ($24.8 billion) in revenue. After the Brexit vote, May met with Nissan’s chief executive to offer assurances that her government would do what was necessary to keep auto manufacturing competitive. Nissan said it would continue to make SUVs in Sunderland, a city in northern England. Brexit supporters called the outcome a template for how a pragmatic British government would prevent businesses from abandoning its shores — with tax cuts, friendly regulation and deal-making. But if Britain promised anything meaningful to Nissan, it probably violated World Trade Organisation rules. Nissan has since said it continues to assess the uncertain economics of Britain. Ford and BMW are reassessing their British factories, too. For now, Britain has managed to avoid the most frightening economic forecasts. Before the referendum in June, the British Treasury predicted that a vote to exit could shrink the economy by as much 6 per cent annually for the first two years. The economy expanded by 1.8 per cent last year. British consumers continued to spend. British factories continued to churn out cars, medical devices and aircraft parts, many of them destined for Europe. Toyota announced plans to sink an additional 240 million pounds (about $297 million) into a factory in Derbyshire, though it qualified that it required reliable access to Europe. Snap, the parent company of social media darling Snapchat that raised $3.4 billion in an initial public offering, recently picked London as its international headquarters. But consumer spending has been increasingly paid for by debt. The British pound has surrendered 17 per cent of its value against the dollar since the referendum, raising the cost of imported goods. Investment is flagging. A weaker pound helps exports, making British goods cheaper on world markets. But exports have also been aided by the very thing Britain is trying to ditch — inclusion in Europe. Proponents of Brexit tend to dismiss Europe as a land leading only in the numbers of unemployed men who are moving in with their parents. Britain’s next era is supposed to be centred on trade with faster growing, innovative nations like the US. Britain and Europe must negotiate a trade deal that will prevent a rupture to commerce. During the campaign, Brexit supporters argued that Europe would ultimately make it happen because its most powerful member, Germany, now sends a parade of BMWs, Audis and Volkswagens to Britain. But trade negotiations are vulnerable to the manipulations of politically protected industries. This one seems particularly prone to acrimony. European leaders confront existential threats to their union, with political parties across the Continent hostile to its powers. Many are intent on using Britain to illustrate what they contend happens when a member leaves — nothing good. “It’s common sense,” said Véron, the economist. “You don’t allow someone who leaves the club to have better terms than someone who’s in the club, or otherwise the club doesn’t mean anything.” Even if European leaders seek middle ground, any one of the member nations could hijack the proceedings with their demands while the clock ticks. Last year, a single province of Belgium nearly scuppered a trade deal negotiated between all of Europe and Canada in seeking favour for its dairy farmers. In a bid to stake out a stronger negotiating position, May has threatened to walk away if Europe does not extend good terms. “No deal for Britain is better than a bad deal,” she said in January. Whatever the comparative rankings of unfortunate events, Britain’s leaving Europe sans deal would be bad, as economists and people running businesses have said. It is often said that businesses fear uncertainty more than anything. May just eliminated some of that. But she replaced it with an apparent certainty that presents its own troubles: Britain really is departing the largest consumer market on earth. New York Times News Service More from Analysis Have a Plan B when equity surge runs its course 18 minutes ago For the UK, the hard yards start now London commercial realty’s demise is a myth China’s not having any sort of hard landing The ban on electronic devices will not fly Shadow banks are getting away with a lot Manufacturing has to make an ally of digitation Oil producers’ debt appetite at record levels tags from this storyBrexit follow this tag on MGNTheresa May follow this tag on MGNHSBC follow this tag on MGNCanada follow this tag on MGNToyota follow this tag on MGNGermany follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAnalysis tagsBrexit follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTheresa May follow this tag on MGN+ MGNHSBC follow this tag on MGN+ MGNCanada follow this tag on MGN+ MGNToyota follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AnalysisHave a Plan B when equity surge runs its course Business Gallery Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Manufacturing is order of the day Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Morocco plays waiting game with defunct refinery 02Oil producers’ debt appetite at record levels 03Shadow banks are getting away with a lot 04Amazon deal fast-tracks the shifts in ME retail 05Airline industry must think beyond boundaries 10Images A peek at the world's next tallest tower Apr 11, 2016 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 6Images Manufacturing is order of the day Mar 28, 2017 29Images In pictures: Defence exhibition Idex 2017 Feb 23, 2017 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Emirates opens SkyPharma in Dubai Sep 18, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee World, UAE Markets Data OverviewGccEuropeAsiau.s. Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg Last Chg % Chg 1d1 Wk1Mth1Qtr1Yr5Yr As on 2017-04-06 16:50:39 Most Popular on Gulf News Dubai fire: Police rescue 4 trapped workers 2017 UAE holidays Big fat Indian wedding on cruise ship Indian student jumps to death on Facebook Indian expat bags Dh10m after 50 tickets Stop driving licences for expats: Kuwait MP Dubai moves towards new rental law Dubai landlords cut rents, extend leases Are temperatures set to drop in UAE? Close Recommended For You Freeing up the rich to exploit the poorPUBLISHED ON Apr 06, 2017 Waving the rules over GibraltarPUBLISHED ON Apr 06, 2017 Watch: 59 US missiles launched on Syrian basesPUBLISHED ON Apr 07, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Fri 7 Apr companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features jacob zuma rip ahmed kathrada on the road news politics business business report personal finance sport entertainment lifestyle motoring travel multimedia newspapers cape community about iol economy Economy All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement 'Junk'-rated debt could cost more than $10bn in lost funds Economy | 6 April 2017 Karin Strohecker London - If South Africa loses two of its prized investment grade credit ratings for foreign and local currency borrowing in the turmoil triggered by the sacking of the finance minister, the country could lose more than $10 billion in investment funds. S&P Global has already struck. In an unscheduled review on Monday that prompted a selloff in South African assets, it cut the sovereign rating for external debt to BB+, one notch below investment grade - or "junk" status in market parlance. Share this story Several marches across South Africa have been planned on Friday calling for President Jacob Zuma to step down. Picture: Oupa Mokoena It cited the impact of the divisions in government that led to Pravin Gordhan's removal. Moody's later placed South Africa on review for downgrade. A third major international ratings firm Fitch warned that President Jacob Zuma's shake-up intensified political risk and signalled policy changes that could undermine its credit score. Being downgraded to junk by at least two agencies will see South Africa drop out of some widely used global bond indexes that rely on investment grades only and force international funds who track these or who are prohibited from holding sub-investment grade securities to sell. "The problem has just started in South Africa - there was a lot of complacency on the ratings shift," said Salman Ahmed, chief global strategist at Lombard Odier. Read also: S&P first to give SA 'junk' rating The prospect of such a demotion is more imminent for hard currency debt, where Fitch's standing rating is just one notch above junk. The Moody's rating is two rungs above. But a bigger impact on the country's access to funds could come if two of the three agencies also demoninate the rand-denominated government debt as sub-investment grade. S&P's local currency rating is just one level above junk as well, with Moody's two notches above. So far, only one of the six ratings - three for sovereign debt and three for local - from the major international ratings agencies has slipped into junk. JPMorgan - which compiles some of the most widely used emerging market debt indexes - estimates that a junk rating for South Africa's mostly dollar-denominated foreign currency Eurobonds could see forced selling of up to $2.4 billion. Roughly half the total would come from funds dedicated to investment grade emerging market debt, the other half from global investment grade bond funds, JPMorgan said, adding this was much less than the forced selling risk the bank had ascribed in recent years to Brazil at $6 billion or Turkey at $7 billion. "The more modest figure for South Africa is explained by the smaller bond stock, and therefore smaller weights particularly in widely used global bond indexes, coupled with an underweight positioning by investors," the bank said. Local danger Yet South Africa's outstanding $14.6 billion hard-currency debt is just a 10th of total public government debt, with local sovereign bonds tallying up to 1.722 trillion rand ($125 billion), according to data from the National Treasury. For UBS, the real danger lies in local bond markets. In a note this week, UBS estimated some $10 billion of South African bond holdings are indexed to Citi's World Government Bond Index (WGBI), tracked by $3 trillion worldwide. JPMorgan, which compiles the GBI-EM IG-only index, said it estimated that a downgrade of local currency debt could lead to total index-related selling of as much as $8.5 billion. Inclusion in both indexes hinges on investment grade ratings on local debt from both Moody's and S&P Global. Whle a formal index exclusion could take up to a year, many funds would likely exit the debt in advance. Read also: Moody's places SA on review Partially offsetting that hit is the fact that countries which find themselves downgraded to junk - so-called "fallen angels" - often draw in a different investor base seeking higher yields and more speculative investments, said Nafez Zouk, senior economist at Oxford Economics. In other words, these fallen credits become bigger fish in smaller ponds. Some dedicated emerging market fund managers are waiting for those opportunities. "[South Africa's] trajectory is quite negative and is likely to continue to be negative until we see renewal in South African politics which could be a few years from now," said Jan Dehn at emerging market fund manager Ashmore Investment Management. "Even in a gradually deteriorating credit like South Africa, asset prices can move into oversold territory relative to the risk ... If prices fall enough that the credit has been oversold relative to how risky it is, then clearly that’s a buying opportunity."  Reuters Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 Dad held after twins found dead 2 #AntiZumaMarches hit streets 3 MPs quit 'to cash in on pensions' 4 Enraged man storms in-laws' home then slashes own throat 5 Coalition partner dumps ANC over Zuma’s reshuffle Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © 2016 Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cambian Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambian Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Mark G. Parker Sells 100,000 Shares of Nike Inc (NKE) Stock Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Bellway plc (BWY) PT Raised to GBX 3,032 at Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates GBX 330 Price Target for BT Group plc (BT.A) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give BT Group plc (BT.A) a GBX 360 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Aegis Reaffirms Buy Rating for Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Barclays PLC (BARC) a GBX 250 Price Target Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.45 Per Share Attraqt Group PLC (ATQT) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Hold Caleres Inc (CAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rafferty Capital Markets Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Cambian Group PLC (LON:CMBN)‘s stock had its “add” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Numis Securities Ltd in a report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 161 ($2.01) price objective on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 9.15% from the stock’s current price. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on CMBN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on Cambian Group PLC from GBX 119 ($1.49) to GBX 139 ($1.74) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Canaccord Genuity raised Cambian Group PLC to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from GBX 118 ($1.47) to GBX 150 ($1.87) in a report on Monday, December 5th. Cambian Group PLC (LON:CMBN) opened at 148.00 on Tuesday. Cambian Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 48.25 and a 12-month high of GBX 160.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 144.01 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 130.96. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 267.58 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/cambian-group-plc-cmbn-rating-reiterated-by-numis-securities-ltd.html. About Cambian Group PLC Cambian Group plc is a provider of specialist behavioral health services for children in the United Kingdom. The Company’s children services include specialist education services, specialist residential care services, foster care services and specialist mental health services. Its schools provide support to children with Autism, Asperger’s Syndrome, severe learning disabilities, challenging behavior and complex needs. Receive News & Ratings for Cambian Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambian Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cambian Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambian Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Mark G. Parker Sells 100,000 Shares of Nike Inc (NKE) Stock Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd Bellway plc (BWY) PT Raised to GBX 3,032 at Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates GBX 330 Price Target for BT Group plc (BT.A) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give BT Group plc (BT.A) a GBX 360 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Aegis Reaffirms Buy Rating for Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Barclays PLC (BARC) a GBX 250 Price Target Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.45 Per Share Attraqt Group PLC (ATQT) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Hold Caleres Inc (CAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rafferty Capital Markets Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Cambian Group PLC (LON:CMBN)‘s stock had its “add” rating reaffirmed by equities researchers at Numis Securities Ltd in a report issued on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 161 ($2.01) price objective on the stock. Numis Securities Ltd’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 9.15% from the stock’s current price. A number of other brokerages also recently issued reports on CMBN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price target on Cambian Group PLC from GBX 119 ($1.49) to GBX 139 ($1.74) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Canaccord Genuity raised Cambian Group PLC to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from GBX 118 ($1.47) to GBX 150 ($1.87) in a report on Monday, December 5th. Cambian Group PLC (LON:CMBN) opened at 148.00 on Tuesday. Cambian Group PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 48.25 and a 12-month high of GBX 160.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 144.01 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 130.96. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 267.58 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Cambian Group PLC (CMBN) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/cambian-group-plc-cmbn-rating-reiterated-by-numis-securities-ltd-2.html. About Cambian Group PLC Cambian Group plc is a provider of specialist behavioral health services for children in the United Kingdom. The Company’s children services include specialist education services, specialist residential care services, foster care services and specialist mental health services. Its schools provide support to children with Autism, Asperger’s Syndrome, severe learning disabilities, challenging behavior and complex needs. Receive News & Ratings for Cambian Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cambian Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bellway plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bellway plc (BWY) PT Raised to GBX 3,032 at Liberum Capital JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates GBX 330 Price Target for BT Group plc (BT.A) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give BT Group plc (BT.A) a GBX 360 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for BT Group plc (BT.A) Aegis Reaffirms Buy Rating for Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Barclays PLC (BARC) a GBX 250 Price Target Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.45 Per Share Attraqt Group PLC (ATQT) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Hold Caleres Inc (CAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rafferty Capital Markets Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Bellway plc (BWY) PT Raised to GBX 3,032 at Liberum Capital April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Bellway plc (LON:BWY) had its price objective hoisted by research analysts at Liberum Capital from GBX 2,780 ($34.70) to GBX 3,032 ($37.85) in a report issued on Tuesday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Liberum Capital’s price target suggests a potential upside of 12.42% from the stock’s current price. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Canaccord Genuity lifted their target price on shares of Bellway plc from GBX 2,840 ($35.45) to GBX 3,100 ($38.70) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Beaufort Securities reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Bellway plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Bellway plc in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price target on shares of Bellway plc from GBX 2,993 ($37.36) to GBX 3,014 ($37.62) and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,759 ($46.92) price target on shares of Bellway plc in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Bellway plc has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 2,885.47 ($36.02). Shares of Bellway plc (LON:BWY) opened at 2697.00 on Tuesday. Bellway plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,622.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 2,920.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.30 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 2,698.49 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 2,506.24. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a dividend of GBX 37.50 ($0.47) per share. This represents a yield of 1.32%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/bellway-plc-bwy-pt-raised-to-gbx-3032-at-liberum-capital.html. About Bellway plc Bellway p.l.c is a holding company of the Bellway Group of companies. The Company is engaged in the building and selling of homes, ranging from one-bedroom apartments up to five-bedroom family homes, as well as providing social housing-to-housing associations. It focuses on providing traditional family housing outside of London and apartments within the London boroughs, in zone 2 and beyond. Receive News & Ratings for Bellway plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bellway plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Beazley PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Barclays PLC (BARC) a GBX 250 Price Target Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.45 Per Share Attraqt Group PLC (ATQT) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Hold Caleres Inc (CAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rafferty Capital Markets Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Open Text Corp (OTEX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Gamco Natural Resources Gold & Incm Trst (GNT) Plans $0.05 Monthly Dividend Gabelli Utility Trust Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (GUT) Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ)‘s stock had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. They presently have a GBX 365 ($4.56) price objective on the stock. Macquarie’s price target suggests a potential downside of 14.12% from the stock’s previous close. BEZ has been the topic of several other reports. Peel Hunt lowered Beazley PLC to a “reduce” rating and dropped their target price for the stock from GBX 360 ($4.49) to GBX 350 ($4.37) in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Stockdale Securities reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 400 ($4.99) target price on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 365.75 ($4.57). Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ) opened at 427.80 on Tuesday. Beazley PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 313.90 and a 12-month high of GBX 450.20. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 432.35 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 399.41. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.21 billion. The business also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd were issued a dividend of GBX 17 ($0.21) per share. This represents a yield of 3.91%. This is a positive change from Beazley PLC’s previous dividend of $3.50. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/beazley-plc-bez-rating-reiterated-by-macquarie.html. In other Beazley PLC news, insider Martin Bride sold 141,183 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 430 ($5.37), for a total transaction of £607,086.90 ($757,816.63). Also, insider Clive Washbourn sold 90,478 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 424 ($5.29), for a total value of £383,626.72 ($478,874.95). Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 235,661 shares of company stock worth $100,819,362. About Beazley PLC Receive News & Ratings for Beazley PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barclays PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Barclays PLC (BARC) a GBX 250 Price Target Nextera Energy Partners LP (NEP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.45 Per Share Attraqt Group PLC (ATQT) Earns Corporate Rating from N+1 Singer Beazley PLC (BEZ) Rating Reiterated by Macquarie Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Hold Caleres Inc (CAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rafferty Capital Markets Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Open Text Corp (OTEX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Gamco Natural Resources Gold & Incm Trst (GNT) Plans $0.05 Monthly Dividend Gabelli Utility Trust Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (GUT) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Barclays PLC (BARC) a GBX 250 Price Target April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 250 ($3.12) price target on Barclays PLC (LON:BARC) in a research note published on Monday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Jefferies Group LLC raised Barclays PLC to a hold rating and raised their price objective for the company from GBX 115 ($1.44) to GBX 220 ($2.75) in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an outperform rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.25) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 270 ($3.37) price objective on shares of Barclays PLC in a report on Monday, February 20th. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 230 ($2.87) price objective on Barclays PLC and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 215 ($2.68) target price on shares of Barclays PLC in a report on Friday, February 24th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. Barclays PLC currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 228.14 ($2.85). Barclays PLC (LON:BARC) opened at 214.40 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 229.11 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 212.77. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 36.35 billion. Barclays PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 121.10 and a 52-week high of GBX 267.32. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts-give-barclays-plc-barc-a-gbx-250-price-target.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were issued a dividend of GBX 2 ($0.02) per share. This is a positive change from Barclays PLC’s previous dividend of $1.00. This represents a yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. Barclays PLC Company Profile Barclays PLC is a global financial services holding company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management and investment management services. The Company’s segments include Barclays UK and Barclays International. The Barclays UK segment includes the local consumer, small business, the United Kingdom wealth and credit cards business. Receive News & Ratings for Barclays PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Black Hills Corp (BKH) to Hold Caleres Inc (CAL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Rafferty Capital Markets Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Zacks: Clipper Realty Inc. (CLPR) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Open Text Corp (OTEX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Gamco Natural Resources Gold & Incm Trst (GNT) Plans $0.05 Monthly Dividend Gabelli Utility Trust Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (GUT) Gabelli Utility Trust Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (GUT) Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) to “Buy” Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Sell Rating for BT Group plc (BT) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG restated their sell rating on shares of BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) in a research note issued to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 475 ($5.93) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a report on Monday. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 400 ($4.99) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a report on Thursday, March 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.12) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a report on Monday, March 27th. BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.12) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 425 ($5.31) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a report on Monday, March 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $385.06. BT Group plc (NYSE:BT) opened at 19.68 on Monday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $20.30 and a 200-day moving average of $22.24. The company has a market capitalization of $39.14 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.30 and a beta of 1.07. BT Group plc has a one year low of $19.14 and a one year high of $33.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/deutsche-bank-ag-reaffirms-sell-rating-for-bt-group-plc-bt.html. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of BT Group plc by 95.7% in the third quarter. Miller Howard Investments Inc. NY now owns 523,622 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,316,000 after buying an additional 256,025 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of BT Group plc by 15.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 399,758 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,206,000 after buying an additional 54,830 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of BT Group plc by 198.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 342,739 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,716,000 after buying an additional 227,938 shares during the period. Fiera Capital Corp purchased a new position in shares of BT Group plc during the fourth quarter worth approximately $4,629,000. Finally, Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its position in shares of BT Group plc by 31.7% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 146,292 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,369,000 after buying an additional 35,230 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 1.10% of the company’s stock. About BT Group plc Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Open Text Corp (OTEX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Gamco Natural Resources Gold & Incm Trst (GNT) Plans $0.05 Monthly Dividend Gabelli Utility Trust Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (GUT) Gabelli Utility Trust Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (GUT) Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) to “Buy” Barnes Group Inc. (B) PT Raised to $57.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) to “Buy” Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Co. (BAH) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Archrock Inc (AROC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Tesla Inc (TSLA) Sees Strong Trading Volume After Analyst Upgrade Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hastings Group Hldg PLC (HSTG) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Trinseo S.A. (TSE) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 on April 25th Esure Group PLC (ESUR) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their equal weight rating on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) in a research report sent to investors on Friday morning. They currently have a GBX 7,230 ($90.25) price objective on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on RB. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upped their target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc from GBX 7,350 ($91.75) to GBX 7,430 ($92.75) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, December 2nd. Berenberg Bank restated a hold rating and issued a GBX 7,800 ($97.37) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a research note on Monday, December 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 6,750 ($84.26) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 8,400 ($104.86) target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC decreased their target price on shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc from GBX 8,300 ($103.61) to GBX 7,750 ($96.74) and set a buy rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 7,893.04 ($98.53). Shares of Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (LON:RB) opened at 7262.00 on Friday. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc has a one year low of GBX 6,496.00 and a one year high of GBX 7,786.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 7,268.54 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 7,044.85. The stock’s market cap is GBX 50.84 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Barclays PLC Reiterates “Equal weight” Rating for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/barclays-plc-reiterates-equal-weight-rating-for-reckitt-benckiser-group-plc-rb.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 13th will be issued a GBX 95 ($1.19) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 13th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.31%. Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Company Profile Reckitt Benckiser Group plc is a manufacturer and marketer of health, hygiene and home products. The Company’s segments include ENA, DvM and Food. The ENA segment consists of Europe, Russia/Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), Israel, North America, Australia and New Zealand. The DvM segment consists of North Africa, Middle East (excluding Israel) and Turkey, Africa, South Asia, North Asia, Latin America, Japan, Korea and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN). Receive News & Ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alcoa Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alcoa Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) to Announce ($1.15) Earnings Per Share Zacks: AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd (FUJHY) to “Hold” Leoni AG (LNNNF) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Zacks: Prima BioMed Ltd (PBMD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts HAVAS (HAVSF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Mountain Province Diamonds Inc (MPVD) Price Target Cut to C$5.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Teck Resources’ (TECK.B) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Mountain Province Diamonds Inc (MPVD) Price Target Cut to C$5.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Teck Resources’ (TECK.B) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Alcoa Corp (NYSE:AA) from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Monday morning. According to Zacks, “Alcoa is a global industry leader in bauxite, alumina and aluminum products. “ AA has been the topic of a number of other reports. BMO Capital Markets upgraded Alcoa Corp from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and raised their target price for the company from $35.00 to $45.00 in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Vetr upgraded Alcoa Corp from a strong sell rating to a sell rating and set a $27.98 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Citigroup Inc cut Alcoa Corp from a buy rating to a neutral rating and raised their target price for the company from $30.00 to $32.00 in a research report on Monday, December 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Alcoa Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and raised their target price for the company from $29.00 to $46.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, Berenberg Bank upgraded Alcoa Corp from a hold rating to a buy rating and raised their target price for the company from $27.00 to $40.00 in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $34.67. Shares of Alcoa Corp (NYSE:AA) opened at 33.85 on Monday. Alcoa Corp has a 12 month low of $20.53 and a 12 month high of $39.78. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $34.90 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.55. The stock’s market capitalization is $6.24 billion. Alcoa Corp (NYSE:AA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.06. The business earned $2.54 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.50 billion. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 3.5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Alcoa Corp will post $2.70 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/alcoa-corp-aa-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Alcoa Corp news, EVP Jeffrey D. Heeter sold 3,748 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.52, for a total value of $140,624.96. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 33,503 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,257,032.56. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Arconic Inc. sold 23,353,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.03, for a total transaction of $888,114,590.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 12,958,767 shares in the company, valued at $492,821,909.01. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bollard Group LLC raised its position in Alcoa Corp by 0.3% in the third quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 37,789 shares of the company’s stock worth $383,000 after buying an additional 110 shares during the period. Stephens Inc. AR raised its position in Alcoa Corp by 1.2% in the third quarter. Stephens Inc. AR now owns 16,715 shares of the company’s stock worth $169,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Dorsey & Whitney Trust CO LLC raised its position in Alcoa Corp by 1.0% in the third quarter. Dorsey & Whitney Trust CO LLC now owns 20,104 shares of the company’s stock worth $204,000 after buying an additional 202 shares during the period. Berson & Corrado Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Alcoa Corp by 0.7% in the third quarter. Berson & Corrado Investment Advisors LLC now owns 40,980 shares of the company’s stock worth $416,000 after buying an additional 305 shares during the period. Finally, 1ST Source Bank raised its position in Alcoa Corp by 2.2% in the third quarter. 1ST Source Bank now owns 16,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $167,000 after buying an additional 350 shares during the period. Alcoa Corp Company Profile Alcoa Corporation, formerly Alcoa Upstream Corporation, is engaged in the production of bauxite, alumina and aluminum of various cast and rolled products. The Company is engaged in the production and management of aluminum and alumina combined through its participation in various aspects of the industry, such as technology, mining, refining, smelting, and recycling. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Alcoa Corp (AA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Alcoa Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alcoa Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ABB Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Boosts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Price Target to $77.00 Regenxbio Inc (RGNX) Given $30.25 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Alcoa Corp (AA) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Expect Aeglea Bio Therapeutics Inc (AGLE) to Announce ($1.15) Earnings Per Share Zacks: AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd (FUJHY) to “Hold” Leoni AG (LNNNF) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Zacks: Prima BioMed Ltd (PBMD) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” by Analysts HAVAS (HAVSF) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Mountain Province Diamonds Inc (MPVD) Price Target Cut to C$5.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank Teck Resources’ (TECK.B) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates C$18.50 Price Target for Mullen Group Ltd (MTL) Mountain Province Diamonds Inc (MPVD) Price Target Cut to C$5.00 by Analysts at Scotiabank TD Securities Cuts Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) Price Target to C$10.50 Teck Resources’ (TECK.B) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Stella-Jones Inc (SJ) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Sell Rating for ABB Ltd (ABB) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet ABB Ltd (NYSE:ABB)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reissued by Jefferies Group LLC in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. They presently have a $18.00 price objective on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s target price suggests a potential downside of 21.98% from the stock’s current price. Several other analysts also recently commented on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of ABB from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Bank of America Corp raised shares of ABB from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Nordea Equity Research raised shares of ABB from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of ABB in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of ABB in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $22.50. Shares of ABB (NYSE:ABB) opened at 23.07 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of $49.34 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.31 and a beta of 1.23. ABB has a 1-year low of $18.72 and a 1-year high of $23.90. The company’s 50-day moving average is $22.96 and its 200 day moving average is $22.14. ABB (NYSE:ABB) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.33 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.27 by $0.06. ABB had a net margin of 5.80% and a return on equity of 18.00%. The firm had revenue of $8.99 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.93 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.35 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 2.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that ABB will post $1.19 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a $0.7546 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 3.28%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 18th. ABB’s payout ratio is 79.35%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/jefferies-group-llc-reiterates-sell-rating-for-abb-ltd-abb.html. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of ABB. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of ABB during the third quarter worth $102,000. Abbrea Capital LLC purchased a new stake in shares of ABB during the fourth quarter worth $215,000. Private Advisor Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of ABB during the fourth quarter worth $225,000. Nicholas Hoffman & Company LLC. purchased a new stake in shares of ABB during the third quarter worth $227,000. Finally, Greylin Investment Mangement Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of ABB during the third quarter worth $244,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 3.08% of the company’s stock. ABB Company Profile ABB Ltd (ABB) is a holding company. The Company’s segments include Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation, Power Grids, and Corporate and Other. It operates through four divisions: Electrification Products, Robotics and Motion, Industrial Automation and Power Grids. It is engaged in serving customers in utilities, industry and transport and infrastructure. Receive News & Ratings for ABB Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ABB Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » International » Market Report Cabinet approves MoU between India and Bangladesh for fairway development IndusInd Bank edges higher after capital raising plans Business Standard US stocks end in the red Capital Market  April 6, 2017 Last Updated at 09:42 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUsboS ALSO READ US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red US stocks end in the red Financials and telecom stocks lead decliners U.S. stocks ended lower on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 suffering a late selloff after minutes of the Federal Reserve's March meeting showed policy makers plan to begin unwinding the central bank's gigantic balance sheet before the end of the year. Stocks started strong out of the gate following an upbeat ADP Employment Change Report on Wednesday morning, but the hawkish tone of the FOMC Minutes prompted an afternoon retreat. The Dow Jones Industrial Average which had earlier been up nearly 200 points, closed with a loss of 41.09 points, or 0.2%, at 20,648.15. The Nasdaq Composite Index which had reached an all-time intraday high of 5,936.39, closed down 34.13 points, or 0.6%, to 5,864.48. The S&P 500 which had been up 18 points earlier in the session, finished down 7.21 points, or 0.3%, at 2,352.95 19 of the 30 blue-chip companies finished lower. Shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co, Cisco Systems and IBM led decliners. Nine of the 11 main sectors closed lower with financials and telecom stocks leading decliners. Energy shares finished down 0.3% after leading gains earlier in the session. Markets appeared to shrug off geopolitical news coming from North Korea, which launched another intermediate-range missile, and a chemical attack in Syria that left hundreds dead. There was also little reaction to news that Jeffrey Lacker, a hawkish policy maker who isn't a voting member of the Federal Open Market Committee, dramatically quit on Tuesday after disclosing he leaked confidential material on the central bank's plans. The release of the minutes from the Federal Reserve's meeting in March revealed that it would like to start reducing the Fed's balance sheet later in the year. In addition, the Minutes showed that some Fed officials are worried about high equity valuations. Stocks held steady immediately following the report, but the hawkish tone eventually seeped in, sending the cash market into the red. The minutes indicated that the Fed is likely to start shrinking its balance sheet this year in line with its tighter monetary-policy regime. Higher rates tend to strengthen the dollar which in turn makes assets priced in the U.S. currency more expensive. The two-day summit between Trump and China's President Xi was still in focus for investors, who are looking for clues on ramifications for trade and the dollar. Xi's visit to Mar-a-Lago in Florida begins Thursday. Among economic data expected for the day, investors received March ADP Employment Change, March ISM Services, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index. The ADP National Employment Report showed an increase of 263,000 in March (consensus 175,000) while the February reading was revised lower to 245,000 from 298,000. The ADP reading precedes Friday's more influential Employment Situation Report for March, which the consensus expects will show the addition of 180,000 nonfarm payrolls. The Employment Situation Report for February indicated that nonfarm payrolls increased by 235,000. The ISM Services Index for March declined to 55.2 from an unrevised reading of 57.6 in February while the consensus expected a downtick to 57.0. The key takeaway from the report is that growth in the services sector, which accounts for a much bigger slice of economic activity than the manufacturing sector does, persisted for the 87th straight month. Separately, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index decreased 1.6% to follow last week's 0.8% decline. Crude oil futures ended modestly higher on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 trimming sharp, early gains, after government data showed an unexpected rise in U.S. crude inventories, disappointing bullish traders looking for signs of shrinking stockpiles. Crude oil for May delivery rose 12 cents or 0.2%, to close at $51.15 a barrel, but well off a session high of $51.88. Brent oilthe international benchmarkrose 19 cents, or 0.4%, to close at $54.36 a barrel. But upside momentum was dented after the Energy Information Administration said U.S. crude inventories rose by 1.6 million barrels last week. Market had forecast a 200,000 barrel decline in inventories. There was some disappointment in smaller-than-expected declines in gasoline and distillate inventories, which fell by 600,000 barrels and 500,000 barrels, respectively. Market had forecast a 1.6 million barrel drop in gasoline demand and a 700,000 barrel fall in distillate supplies, which include diesel and heating oil. Gold prices retreated on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 at Comex after a reading of private-sector employment came in stronger than expected, steering buying to assets perceived as risky such as stocks. June gold fell $9.90, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,248.50 an ounce, logging its first decline out of the past four sessions. Silver for May delivery dropped 13 cents, or 0.7%, to settle at $18.18 an ounce. In the Treasury market, Treasuries experienced increased demand in the wake of the FOMC Minutes. The benchmark 10-yr yield finished four basis points lower at 2.33%. Tomorrow, March Challenger Job Cuts will be released at 7:30 ET while Initial Claims (consensus 245,000) will cross the wires at 8:30 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Us Stocks End In The Red | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements ad Organizational Change. MIT's Online Program Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Lead Organizations & Change Online Course from MIT Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep US stocks end in the red Financials and telecom stocks lead decliners Financials and telecom stocks lead decliners U.S. stocks ended lower on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 suffering a late selloff after minutes of the Federal Reserve's March meeting showed policy makers plan to begin unwinding the central bank's gigantic balance sheet before the end of the year. Stocks started strong out of the gate following an upbeat ADP Employment Change Report on Wednesday morning, but the hawkish tone of the FOMC Minutes prompted an afternoon retreat. The Dow Jones Industrial Average which had earlier been up nearly 200 points, closed with a loss of 41.09 points, or 0.2%, at 20,648.15. The Nasdaq Composite Index which had reached an all-time intraday high of 5,936.39, closed down 34.13 points, or 0.6%, to 5,864.48. The S&P 500 which had been up 18 points earlier in the session, finished down 7.21 points, or 0.3%, at 2,352.95 19 of the 30 blue-chip companies finished lower. Shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co, Cisco Systems and IBM led decliners. Nine of the 11 main sectors closed lower with financials and telecom stocks leading decliners. Energy shares finished down 0.3% after leading gains earlier in the session. Markets appeared to shrug off geopolitical news coming from North Korea, which launched another intermediate-range missile, and a chemical attack in Syria that left hundreds dead. There was also little reaction to news that Jeffrey Lacker, a hawkish policy maker who isn't a voting member of the Federal Open Market Committee, dramatically quit on Tuesday after disclosing he leaked confidential material on the central bank's plans. The release of the minutes from the Federal Reserve's meeting in March revealed that it would like to start reducing the Fed's balance sheet later in the year. In addition, the Minutes showed that some Fed officials are worried about high equity valuations. Stocks held steady immediately following the report, but the hawkish tone eventually seeped in, sending the cash market into the red. The minutes indicated that the Fed is likely to start shrinking its balance sheet this year in line with its tighter monetary-policy regime. Higher rates tend to strengthen the dollar which in turn makes assets priced in the U.S. currency more expensive. The two-day summit between Trump and China's President Xi was still in focus for investors, who are looking for clues on ramifications for trade and the dollar. Xi's visit to Mar-a-Lago in Florida begins Thursday. Among economic data expected for the day, investors received March ADP Employment Change, March ISM Services, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index. The ADP National Employment Report showed an increase of 263,000 in March (consensus 175,000) while the February reading was revised lower to 245,000 from 298,000. The ADP reading precedes Friday's more influential Employment Situation Report for March, which the consensus expects will show the addition of 180,000 nonfarm payrolls. The Employment Situation Report for February indicated that nonfarm payrolls increased by 235,000. The ISM Services Index for March declined to 55.2 from an unrevised reading of 57.6 in February while the consensus expected a downtick to 57.0. The key takeaway from the report is that growth in the services sector, which accounts for a much bigger slice of economic activity than the manufacturing sector does, persisted for the 87th straight month. Separately, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index decreased 1.6% to follow last week's 0.8% decline. Crude oil futures ended modestly higher on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 trimming sharp, early gains, after government data showed an unexpected rise in U.S. crude inventories, disappointing bullish traders looking for signs of shrinking stockpiles. Crude oil for May delivery rose 12 cents or 0.2%, to close at $51.15 a barrel, but well off a session high of $51.88. Brent oilthe international benchmarkrose 19 cents, or 0.4%, to close at $54.36 a barrel. But upside momentum was dented after the Energy Information Administration said U.S. crude inventories rose by 1.6 million barrels last week. Market had forecast a 200,000 barrel decline in inventories. There was some disappointment in smaller-than-expected declines in gasoline and distillate inventories, which fell by 600,000 barrels and 500,000 barrels, respectively. Market had forecast a 1.6 million barrel drop in gasoline demand and a 700,000 barrel fall in distillate supplies, which include diesel and heating oil. Gold prices retreated on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 at Comex after a reading of private-sector employment came in stronger than expected, steering buying to assets perceived as risky such as stocks. June gold fell $9.90, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,248.50 an ounce, logging its first decline out of the past four sessions. Silver for May delivery dropped 13 cents, or 0.7%, to settle at $18.18 an ounce. In the Treasury market, Treasuries experienced increased demand in the wake of the FOMC Minutes. The benchmark 10-yr yield finished four basis points lower at 2.33%. Tomorrow, March Challenger Job Cuts will be released at 7:30 ET while Initial Claims (consensus 245,000) will cross the wires at 8:30 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US stocks end in the red Financials and telecom stocks lead decliners U.S. stocks ended lower on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 suffering a late selloff after minutes of the Federal Reserve's March meeting showed policy makers plan to begin unwinding the central bank's gigantic balance sheet before the end of the year. Stocks started strong out of the gate following an upbeat ADP Employment Change Report on Wednesday morning, but the hawkish tone of the FOMC Minutes prompted an afternoon retreat. The Dow Jones Industrial Average which had earlier been up nearly 200 points, closed with a loss of 41.09 points, or 0.2%, at 20,648.15. The Nasdaq Composite Index which had reached an all-time intraday high of 5,936.39, closed down 34.13 points, or 0.6%, to 5,864.48. The S&P 500 which had been up 18 points earlier in the session, finished down 7.21 points, or 0.3%, at 2,352.95 19 of the 30 blue-chip companies finished lower. Shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co, Cisco Systems and IBM led decliners. Nine of the 11 main sectors closed lower with financials and telecom stocks leading decliners. Energy shares finished down 0.3% after leading gains earlier in the session. Markets appeared to shrug off geopolitical news coming from North Korea, which launched another intermediate-range missile, and a chemical attack in Syria that left hundreds dead. There was also little reaction to news that Jeffrey Lacker, a hawkish policy maker who isn't a voting member of the Federal Open Market Committee, dramatically quit on Tuesday after disclosing he leaked confidential material on the central bank's plans. The release of the minutes from the Federal Reserve's meeting in March revealed that it would like to start reducing the Fed's balance sheet later in the year. In addition, the Minutes showed that some Fed officials are worried about high equity valuations. Stocks held steady immediately following the report, but the hawkish tone eventually seeped in, sending the cash market into the red. The minutes indicated that the Fed is likely to start shrinking its balance sheet this year in line with its tighter monetary-policy regime. Higher rates tend to strengthen the dollar which in turn makes assets priced in the U.S. currency more expensive. The two-day summit between Trump and China's President Xi was still in focus for investors, who are looking for clues on ramifications for trade and the dollar. Xi's visit to Mar-a-Lago in Florida begins Thursday. Among economic data expected for the day, investors received March ADP Employment Change, March ISM Services, and the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index. The ADP National Employment Report showed an increase of 263,000 in March (consensus 175,000) while the February reading was revised lower to 245,000 from 298,000. The ADP reading precedes Friday's more influential Employment Situation Report for March, which the consensus expects will show the addition of 180,000 nonfarm payrolls. The Employment Situation Report for February indicated that nonfarm payrolls increased by 235,000. The ISM Services Index for March declined to 55.2 from an unrevised reading of 57.6 in February while the consensus expected a downtick to 57.0. The key takeaway from the report is that growth in the services sector, which accounts for a much bigger slice of economic activity than the manufacturing sector does, persisted for the 87th straight month. Separately, the weekly MBA Mortgage Applications Index decreased 1.6% to follow last week's 0.8% decline. Crude oil futures ended modestly higher on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 trimming sharp, early gains, after government data showed an unexpected rise in U.S. crude inventories, disappointing bullish traders looking for signs of shrinking stockpiles. Crude oil for May delivery rose 12 cents or 0.2%, to close at $51.15 a barrel, but well off a session high of $51.88. Brent oilthe international benchmarkrose 19 cents, or 0.4%, to close at $54.36 a barrel. But upside momentum was dented after the Energy Information Administration said U.S. crude inventories rose by 1.6 million barrels last week. Market had forecast a 200,000 barrel decline in inventories. There was some disappointment in smaller-than-expected declines in gasoline and distillate inventories, which fell by 600,000 barrels and 500,000 barrels, respectively. Market had forecast a 1.6 million barrel drop in gasoline demand and a 700,000 barrel fall in distillate supplies, which include diesel and heating oil. Gold prices retreated on Wednesday, 05 April 2017 at Comex after a reading of private-sector employment came in stronger than expected, steering buying to assets perceived as risky such as stocks. June gold fell $9.90, or 0.8%, to settle at $1,248.50 an ounce, logging its first decline out of the past four sessions. Silver for May delivery dropped 13 cents, or 0.7%, to settle at $18.18 an ounce. In the Treasury market, Treasuries experienced increased demand in the wake of the FOMC Minutes. The benchmark 10-yr yield finished four basis points lower at 2.33%. Tomorrow, March Challenger Job Cuts will be released at 7:30 ET while Initial Claims (consensus 245,000) will cross the wires at 8:30 ET. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things you need to know in markets today Will Martin Apr. 6, 2017, 1:54 AM 536 facebook linkedin twitter email print Spain's King Felipe shakes hands with Honda Motor's humanoid robot Asimo at Miraikan in Tokyo Reuters/Issei Kato Good morning! Here's what you need to know in markets on Thursday. Most members of the Federal Open Markets Committee believe that they should take action on how to start shrinking the Fed's $4.5 trillion balance sheet later this year, according to minutes from their mid-March meeting. The Fed amassed assets by buying Treasurys and other mortgage-related securities during the financial crisis to keep interest rates low. Some Fed officials have recently spoken about a readiness to start halting reinvestments of the securities as they mature, but others have said it is too soon.  Mexico's central bank chief said on Wednesday the bank altered course on how to protect the peso after a couple of tweets by U.S. President Donald Trump in early January pummeled the local currency to near historic lows and wiped out the effect of a $2 billion currency intervention. "I'll say it like this, in simple terms: with two tweets from you know who, the effect (of that intervention) vanished," Mexican Central Bank chief Agustin Carstens said on Wednesday. Gold prices edged up on Thursday on a weaker dollar and as appetite for risky assets such as equities waned ahead of a tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart. Gold futures climbed as much as 0.62% to trade at $1,256 per troy ounce as of 6.45 a.m. BST. Stocks fell and bonds rose in Asia on Thursday, with risk appetite soured by signs the Federal Reserve might start paring its king-sized balance sheet later this year just as the chances of an early U.S. fiscal stimulus faded further. Investors were also wary ahead of Trump and Xi Jinping's meeting, the first between the world's two most powerful leaders. Britain's statistical authority, the Office for National Statistics, is teaming up with the Bank of England to try and improve the chances that the next recession to hit the UK is stopped before it can begin. Later on Thursday morning, the ONS will publish the full details of its Economic Review, a report that it believes will "help it spot future economic downturns quicker," following a slew of criticism of economists and forecasters over their supposed failure to predict the future accurately enough. A JPMorgan asset manager overseeing $350 billion thinks Europe is an unexploited opportunity for investors -  Mainland Europe represents an underexploited and potentially lucrative opportunity for investors, according to the head of equities at JPMorgan Asset Management. Recent MBA grads are increasingly looking west to big companies like Apple, Google and especially Amazon when searching for post-business school employment. Elite MBA talent is being heavily recruited by tech firms, especially at a few target schools, like Northwestern's Kellogg School of Business and MIT's Sloan School of Management, according to new analysis from Poets and Quants, a news website that covers business schools.  Centrist Emmanuel Macron's lead in France's presidential election has narrowed though he is still on course to win, two polls casting light on voter intentions following a televised debate between candidates showed. Macron would win 25% of the April 23 first round vote while far right leader Marine Le Pen was seen getting 24%, according to a Harris Interactive poll for France Televisions published on Thursday. PwC says the financial services establishment has moved from viewing fintech startups as an amusing aside to seeing them as crucial collaborators, with a huge proportion hoping to partner with new innovators in the future. In its latest Global Fintech Report, published on Thursday, PwC says that 82% of incumbents it surveyed plan to increase collaboration with fintech companies over the next three to five years. London startup Monzo announced on Wednesday that it has had the restrictions on its banking app lifted. The move means that Monzo can now start providing its pre-paid card and beta app users with full, unrestricted current accounts. It also means the company will be able to start managing customer deposits on a much bigger scale. NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by the smartest and most powerful men in the world Loading video... More: 10 Things Before European Markets Open facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things you need to know in markets today 10 things you need to know in markets today Good morning! Here's what you need to know in... The Jobs Report LIVE 5:49:15 Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sse Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sse Plc’s (SSE) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG Shore Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Genus plc (GNS) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Genus plc (GNS) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Descartes Systems Group’s (DSG) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Scotiabank Reiterates C$18.65 Price Target for Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) BMO Capital Markets Begins Coverage on Falco Resources Ltd (FPC) ProShares UltraShort Russell2000 (TWM) Earns Sector Perform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Chemtrade Logistics Income Fund (CHE.UN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank Brokerages Anticipate HTG Molecular Diagnostics Inc (HTGM) to Announce ($0.63) EPS Brokerages Anticipate HTG Molecular Diagnostics Inc (HTGM) to Announce ($0.63) EPS Brokerages Set $44.00 Target Price for Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Stephen Gutteridge Purchases 10,000 Shares of Fulcrum Utility Services Ltd (FCRM) Stock Matthew K. Fosh Buys 72 Shares of Novae Group Plc (NVA) Stock Richard Gwynne Smith Buys 30,000 Shares of HML Holdings plc (HMLH) Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) to Buy ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades CyberAgent, Inc (CYGIY) to Hold Sse Plc’s (SSE) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG restated their hold rating on shares of Sse Plc (LON:SSE) in a report released on Friday morning. The firm currently has a GBX 1,420 ($17.73) price objective on the stock. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Macquarie restated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 1,700 ($21.22) price target on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. HSBC Holdings plc restated a buy rating on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Barclays PLC decreased their price target on shares of Sse Plc from GBX 1,765 ($22.03) to GBX 1,695 ($21.16) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, BNP Paribas restated an outperform rating and issued a GBX 1,700 ($21.22) price target on shares of Sse Plc in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 1,574.67 ($19.66). Shares of Sse Plc (LON:SSE) opened at 1485.00 on Friday. Sse Plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,369.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,644.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 14.97 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 1,513.70 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 1,522.17. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Sse Plc’s (SSE) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/sse-plcs-sse-hold-rating-reiterated-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. Sse Plc Company Profile SSE plc is engaged in producing, distributing and supplying electricity and gas, as well as other energy-related services to homes and businesses in Great Britain and Ireland. The Company’s segments include Networks, which consists of electricity distribution, electricity transmission and gas distribution; Retail, which consists of energy supply, enterprise and energy-related services, and Wholesale, which consists of energy portfolio management and electricity generation, gas storage and gas production. Receive News & Ratings for Sse Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sse Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Altyn PLC (ALTN) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at VSA Capital Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc Landec Co. (LNDC) Announces Earnings Results Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at equinet AG SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Effect Marathon Oil (MRO) Share Price Paul Hayes Sells 10,335 Shares of Vitec Group plc (VTC) Stock Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR.A) Given $9.75 Average Target Price by Analysts JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) in a report published on Monday. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Independent Research GmbH set a €111.00 ($118.09) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating on shares of Bayer AG in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €101.00 ($107.45) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Commerzbank Ag set a €118.00 ($125.53) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a €120.00 ($127.66) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €111.75 ($118.88). Shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) opened at 108.11 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of €89.40 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.87. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €106.54 and a 200-day moving average of €97.98. Bayer AG has a 52-week low of €83.87 and a 52-week high of €112.11. WARNING: “Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/bayer-ags-bayn-buy-rating-reiterated-at-citigroup-inc.html. Bayer AG Company Profile . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Altyn PLC (ALTN) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at VSA Capital Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc Landec Co. (LNDC) Announces Earnings Results Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at equinet AG SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Effect Marathon Oil (MRO) Share Price Paul Hayes Sells 10,335 Shares of Vitec Group plc (VTC) Stock Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR.A) Given $9.75 Average Target Price by Analysts JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet DZ Bank AG reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) in a report published on Monday morning. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on HEN3. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. BNP Paribas set a €119.00 ($126.60) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Nord/LB set a €116.00 ($123.40) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, December 30th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €110.00 ($117.02) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €108.00 ($114.89) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Henkel AG & Co KGaA currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €122.50 ($130.31). Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 122.95 on Monday. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52-week low of €96.00 and a 52-week high of €123.45. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €119.57 and a 200 day moving average price of €115.55. The company has a market capitalization of €53.39 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.01. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/henkel-ag-co-kgaas-hen3-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-dz-bank-ag.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SAP SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAP SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Landec Co. (LNDC) Announces Earnings Results Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at equinet AG SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Effect Marathon Oil (MRO) Share Price Paul Hayes Sells 10,335 Shares of Vitec Group plc (VTC) Stock Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR.A) Given $9.75 Average Target Price by Analysts JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Ford Motor Company (F) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Brinker International (EAT) Share Price Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet SAP SE (ETR:SAP) has been assigned a €100.00 ($106.38) target price by stock analysts at Commerzbank Ag in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €100.00 ($106.38) price target on SAP SE and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Societe Generale set a €111.00 ($118.09) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €95.00 ($101.06) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Morgan Stanley set a €94.00 ($100.00) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Independent Research GmbH set a €85.00 ($90.43) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of €91.93 ($97.80). SAP SE (ETR:SAP) opened at 91.883 on Tuesday. SAP SE has a one year low of €63.00 and a one year high of €92.92. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €89.58 and a 200-day moving average price of €83.37. The firm has a market capitalization of €110.13 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.225. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/sap-se-sap-given-a-100-00-price-target-by-commerzbank-ag-analysts.html. About SAP SE SAP SE (SAP) is a software and service provider. The Company offers enterprise application software. The Company operates through two segments: Applications, Technology & Services segment, and the SAP Business Network segment. The Applications, Technology & Services segment is engaged in the sale of software licenses, subscriptions to its cloud applications, and related services (primarily support services and various professional services, and support services, as well as implementation services of its software products and education services on the use of its products). Receive News & Ratings for SAP SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAP SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Brendon Thorne/Bloomberg Five Reasons Why Hedge Funds in Danger Zone on Commodities by Susanne Barton @SuziAnn2 More stories by Susanne Barton April 5, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT April 6, 2017, 4:49 PM EDT Momentum measures likely to turn negative, JPMorgan says Long wagers in palladium, cotton are at elevated levels Hedge funds’ speculative positions are at “pretty elevated levels” in commodities amid signs of ample inventories in some materials and concerns over the outlook for demand in China, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co.  Momentum measures and futures positioning in some assets are likely to turn “incrementally more negative,” especially for base metals, said Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, global market strategist at JPMorgan. In March, the Bloomberg Commodity Index posted the biggest monthly loss since July. These charts show why a sell-off among hedge funds could emerge in coming months. 1. Crude Retrenchment Speculative positions in crude oil “have declined from overbought to average levels, but we see a risk of further downshifting,” JPMorgan said in a March 31 report. “In all the previous swings, oil positions did not stay at average levels, but swung from overbought to oversold levels and vice versa.” 2. Short Interest on Stocks Speculators have been reducing short interest on the biggest commodity equities. A review of five of the biggest global commodity stocks shows short interest in those companies has slipped significantly since last year, which Panigirtzoglou said suggests the sector may be overbought. Stock  % Change in Short Interest (Jan. 4, 2016-March 31, 2017) BHP Billiton -14 Rio Tinto -77 Glencore -88 Vale  -74 Barrick Gold  -90 Source: Data compiled by Bloomberg, Markit data 3. Palladium Signals Speculators have been bullish on palladium. Net-long positions in futures and options contracts are at elevated levels, and the commodity appears “overbought,” Panigirtzoglou said. Futures of the metal used in automotive pollution-control devices touched the highest in two years on Wednesday, even after carmakers posted a surprise sales decline in March as discounts failed to buoy demand. 4. Metals Momentum Copper has also shown signs that momentum could turn negative. The ratio of copper net-long positions to the metal’s open interest is near the highest since at least 2006. Futures reached the highest since 2015 in February, and have since struggled to regain momentum amid concerns about demand prospects. If the price remains in the current range, the momentum signal will “inevitably turn negative” some time close to May, Panigirtzoglou said. The price of copper for delivery in three months fell 0.6 percent to close at $5,858 a metric ton Thursday on the London Metal Exchange. 5. Cotton Divergence Traders have piled into cotton, buoyed by demand prospects from China and the outlook for a third straight annual deficit that is trimming global stockpiles. Yet speculators may see near-term price pressures amid expectations for higher production. The surge in cotton prices is likely to boost U.S. plantings, the U.S. government said last week. While net-long positions in futures and options have held near a record reached last month, Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show, futures prices have slumped for two straight weeks. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Cohn Backs Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price Financial Engines (FNGN) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hecla Mining Company (HL) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Insider Selling: PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Sells 13,579 Shares of Stock Christopher Andrew Carlsen Sells 85,000 Shares of Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) Stock Huntsman Co. (HUN) VP Sells $562,839.60 in Stock Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) CFO Eva F. Huston Sells 12,975 Shares Global Ltd Gull Sells 13,524 Shares of USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Stock Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.43 Lorillard (LO) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows pdvWireless (PDVW) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Brokerages Anticipate FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Will Announce Earnings of $1.72 Per Share Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) have been trending somewhat positive on Wednesday, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research group, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Alphabet earned a news impact score of 0.09 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about Alphabet an impact score of 46 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s analysis: Insider Selling: Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock (americanbankingnews.com) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Alphabet Inc (GOOG) to Announce $9.53 Earnings Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) U.S. judge warns Uber in Waymo self-driving car case (feeds.reuters.com) YouTube TV: Here’s Why Alphabet Inc (GOOG) is Trending (feedproxy.google.com) BRIEF-Youtube launches YouTube TV service in areas including New York, Los Angeles- blog (feeds.reuters.com) GOOG has been the topic of a number of research reports. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $1,040.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and forty-three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $959.52. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded down 0.38% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $831.41. 1,555,328 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $832.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $798.77. The firm has a market cap of $574.85 billion, a PE ratio of 29.82 and a beta of 0.94. Alphabet has a 12 month low of $663.28 and a 12 month high of $853.50. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $9.67 by $0.31. The firm had revenue of $26.04 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.18 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $8.67 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Alphabet will post $33.27 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Alphabet news, Director L John Doerr sold 15,641 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $799.20, for a total value of $12,500,287.20. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,443 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,751,645.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $817.76, for a total transaction of $1,635,520.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 9,800 shares in the company, valued at $8,014,048. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 281,688 shares of company stock worth $229,096,687 over the last quarter. 13.92% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/somewhat-positive-media-coverage-somewhat-unlikely-to-impact-alphabet-goog-stock-price.html. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine InternationalNews US Cruise Missiles Strike Air Base in Syria Law News Facing Democrat Filibuster on Gorsuch, McConnell Invokes Nuclear Option EconomyCommentary Here Are 6 Reasons to Lower the Corporate Tax Rate Immediately SecurityNews What Determines If Susan Rice Committed Crime in ‘Unmasking’ of Trump Officials  LawCommentary California Races to Become Sanctuary State, Shunning Federal Law and Its Own Residents  LawNews Department of Homeland Security: Courthouse Arrests Are Necessary Because of Sanctuary City Policies   SocietyNews How Illegal Immigrant Suspects in Rockville High Rape Case Were Able to Settle in America  LawCommentary The Left’s Sanctuary Cities Hurt Americans’ Safety Health Care News Republicans Revive Obamacare Repeal Talks With Change to Unite Conservatives, Centrists Health Care Commentary Despite Deceptive Headlines, Obamacare Remains as Unpopular as Ever Health Care News After Competing With HealthCare.gov, Private Exchanges See Opening With Trump Administration Health Care Commentary Kansas Almost Voted to Expand Medicaid. What Other States Should Learn From This Near-Mistake. Law News Facing Democrat Filibuster on Gorsuch, McConnell Invokes Nuclear Option Law News All Sitting Supreme Court Justices Have Been Involved With Federalist Society, Labeled a ‘Front’ Group by Democrats Law Commentary The 2 Cases That Prove Neil Gorsuch Is Right for the Supreme Court Law News After Clearing Committee Vote, Here’s What’s Next for Gorsuch  Security News In Shift From Obama, Trump Leans on Military in Fight Against Terrorism Security Commentary Confronting Terrorism Is Every American’s Responsibility Security Commentary US-Led Coalition Must Keep the Pressure on ISIS Security News Alleged Surveillance of Trump Team Fuels Debate Over Government Spying Security Feature A Century After the US Entered World War I, Modern-Day Trench Warfare Continues in Ukraine Security Feature In Ukraine, Russia Weaponizes Fake News to Fight a Real War Security News Russia May Have Taken Advantage of Attention on London to Ignite Violence in Ukraine Security News Hopes Fade for a Political Solution to the War in Ukraine EconomyCommentary Export-Import Bank’s Secret Dealings Demonstrate the Problem With Crony Capitalism Diane Katz / @Dianeskatz / April 05, 2017 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print Aeromexico will recieve a medium-term transaction from the Ex-Im bank, though its nature is unknown. (Photo: Randall Hill/Reuters/Newscom) Commentary By Diane Katz / @Dianeskatz Diane Katz, who has analyzed and written on public policy issues for more than two decades, is a research fellow in regulatory policy at The Heritage Foundation. Read her research. The annual conference of the Export-Import Bank begins Thursday, which is an opportune time to catch up with the federal agency that doles out billions of dollars in subsidies to benefit foreign governments and titans of industry. Of particular interest are transaction details that the bank won’t reveal, as well as its relatively limp support for small business. Over at the bank’s downtown District of Columbia headquarters, most everyone is concerned about what President Donald Trump will do. The Ex-Im charter is authorized through September 2019, but there are three vacancies on the five-seat board of directors. The lack of a quorum limits the size of bank deals to $10 million or less, including export loans and loan guarantees as well as capital and credit insurance. (That’s how it is supposed to work, in any event.) Ex-Im opponents are hoping that the president will, at the very least, maintain the status quo—although the best course of action would be to eliminate the bank altogether. (More on that below.) But the Ex-Im lobby is pushing for Trump to nominate board candidates and negotiate their Senate confirmation. Doing so would free up billions of dollars in subsidies for Boeing Co., General Electric Co., Caterpillar, and the like—that is, multinational corporations that do not lack access to capital and which can finance exports without taxpayer handouts. On the other hand, Congress could—at least conceivably—exercise leadership and phase the bank out of existence. It is not as if there is a shortage of private export financing: U.S. exports totaled $2.2 trillion in fiscal year 2016, with Ex-Im supporting just 0.22 percent ($5 billion). Who benefitted from that $5 billion? Ex-Im officials are keeping mum, although the transactions are supposed to be public. But if allowed to operate in secret, citizens and their representatives in Congress cannot determine whether the bank is complying with the $10 million transaction limit or with the other rules it has violated in the past. The Heritage Foundation made repeated requests in the past five weeks for information on 48 transactions in fiscal year 2016 that far exceeded the $10 million limit. For example, both JPMorgan Chase & Co. and TD Bank, N.A. were awarded a whopping $500 million on Dec. 14, 2015, and Wells Fargo & Co. was awarded $200 million on the same day. Several others were awarded between $15 million and $150 million. According to Ex-Im officials, some of the awards in question represent taxpayer-backed insurance for U.S. banks that issue letters of credit used overseas to finance foreign firms’ purchases of American exports. However, Ex-Im’s public database does not identify the borrowers or exporters, products or countries, involved in at least half of those 48 transactions, and multiple requests for details were in vain. Ex-Im representatives claim that prior boards of directors have authorized bank staff to unilaterally approve short-term transactions that exceed $10 million. But they also said that individual transactions under this so-called delegated authority are subject to limits of $10 million for corporate entities, $25 million for financial institutions, and $35 million for sovereign entities. Alas, without transaction details, neither Congress nor the public can determine whether the awards of $500 million, $200 million, $150 million, and the like were proper. Also in fiscal year 2016, there were five transactions listed in the bank database as approved by the board—although there was no board quorum to approve deals at the time. Borrower Lender Amount Program Zeeco Inc. J.P. Morgan Chase $72 million Working Capital Loan Thrustmaster of Texas ZB, National Association $27 million Working Capital Loan Jyoti Americas, Llc. Cadence Bank $18.9 million Working Capital Loan Frontier Spinning Mills PNC Bank $13.5 million Working Capital Loan Aeromexico Banco Nacional do Mexico $10.2 million Medium-term Loan Guarantee According to a bank representative, the working capital loans were approved by the board when a quorum existed, and represent installments of multiyear authorizations. However, the decision dates for the four transactions are listed as fiscal year 2016, and prior entries for the same companies do not indicate a multiyear authorization. The one medium-term transaction, for Aeromexico, refers to an amendment to a transaction approved by the board in 2014, according to an Ex-Im representative. The nature of the amendment is unknown, although the representative did say that Ex-Im staff exercised their (supposed) delegated authority to approve the (supposedly proper) amendment. Throughout the two-year debate over reauthorization of the Ex-Im charter, proponents incessantly claimed that small business was the bank’s “core mission.” That simply wasn’t true. Just 20 percent or less of total financing went to small businesses. But lacking a quorum, and thus barred from dispensing billions of dollars in export subsidies to the big guys, one might think that bank officials would maximize its small-business assistance. But that didn’t happen. The bank reported $2.7 billion in authorizations to benefit small business in fiscal year 2016, which was about half of the level of small-business support from two years before. Obviously, they aren’t banging down Ex-Im’s door for help. The vast majority of small-business exporters do not need—and do not receive—taxpayer subsidies. Indeed, small businesses ranked “exporting my products/services” as the least problematic of 75 business problems assessed in an annual survey by the National Federation of Independent Business Research Foundation. The cost of health care ranked as the most severe problem. The debate about Ex-Im isn’t about helping small business. It is about the powerful bond between big business and big government. Ex-Im subsidies are neither the biggest nor worst manifestation of corporate welfare. But change in Washington is tortuous, and ending Ex-Im is a practical and rational target at present for reasons both material and ideological. Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, some members of Congress believe that a few legislative tweaks will remedy all that is wrong with the bank. Ex-Im officials have thwarted past attempts by Congress to impose reforms. More importantly, no amount of bureaucratic tinkering can shield taxpayers from bailouts in the event that bank reserves run dry—as occurred in the 1980s—nor will it protect American businesses from the disadvantages of the U.S. government subsidizing their foreign competitors. There isn’t an economist alive who could coherently argue that Ex-Im subsidies don’t distort credit and labor markets—and always to the detriment of those who remain independent of the welfare state. That is why Trump and Congress must eliminate the bank, both to prove that cronyism can be restrained, and because it would most benefit the nation. The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print Trending Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Hedge funds are investing in bank stocks at record pace By Carleton English View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 6, 2017 | 12:01am Modal Trigger Stock specialists work at the Bank of America/Merrill Lynch post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Getty Images More On: hedge funds Fed leak led to big bucks for investors Wall Street prodigy is closing down his $7 billion hedge fund Hedge funds close at faster pace in 2016 than 2009 recession Paul Singer accuses aluminum giant's bosses of buying their jobs Come on, hedgies — you call bank stocks an alternative investment? Hedge funds’ exposure to bank stocks hit record levels at the start of 2017, but many may have piled into the trade too late. Hedge funds had 5.1 percent — or $33 billion — of their portfolios invested in financial institutions at the start of the year, according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report released Wednesday. Both figures were record highs since Bank of America started tracking such data in 2005. Among the hedge funds buying into the enthusiasm was Dan Loeb’s Third Point, which holds Bank of America and JPMorgan. “On November 8th, our financials portfolio was 4.4 percent of the fund. One day later, it was 6 percent, one week later, 10.5 percent; one month later, 11.8 percent,” Loeb wrote in a February letter to investors. Other banks favored by hedge funds are Citigroup and Wells Fargo. Most bank stocks rallied immediately following the November election on expectations of a more Wall Street-friendly, regulation-light administration. The early buyers were quickly rewarded, but laggards may have lost. While the KBW bank index is up 15 percent since the election, it is down 1.3 percent this year. Even worse, hedge funds may have missed what is looking like the better play for 2017. As funds money poured into financials, it was pulled out of technology, with financial weights growing by 2 percent and technology falling by 4.1 percent, the Bank of America report said. The broader financial industry is up only 1.7 percent this year, while technology has gained a massive 10.2 percent, with other hedgie favorites like Apple and Facebook up more than 20 percent. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under banks ,  citigroup ,  finance ,  hedge funds ,  investments ,  merrill lynch ,  stocks ,  third point ,  wells fargo Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next How the Fed could bail out Trump and the US Read Next How the Fed could bail out Trump and the US Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 28,777 The shocking prank that mom says led son to hang himself 24,236 US unleashes dozens of missiles on Syria in response to chemical attack 20,949 Meet the 8-year-old girl raised by monkeys Now On Bronchitis forces Bon Jovi to postpone NYC shows DiCaprio not holding back with glitzy St-Tropez gala Off-stage drama between Gyllenhaal play and Rudin’s ‘1984’ SEE ALL Video Uber bans rider for life over threat to accuse driver of rape More Stories pagesix Harry Macklowe's wife 'holds all the cards' in $2 billion divorce Now On Decider Ann Coulter Breaks Her Silence On Jimmie Walker Romance Rumors nypost The shocking prank that mom says led son to hang himself New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Financial Engines (FNGN) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hecla Mining Company (HL) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Insider Selling: PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Sells 13,579 Shares of Stock Christopher Andrew Carlsen Sells 85,000 Shares of Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) Stock Huntsman Co. (HUN) VP Sells $562,839.60 in Stock Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) CFO Eva F. Huston Sells 12,975 Shares Global Ltd Gull Sells 13,524 Shares of USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Stock Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.43 Lorillard (LO) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows pdvWireless (PDVW) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Brokerages Anticipate FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Will Announce Earnings of $1.72 Per Share AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Expected to Post Earnings of $2.12 Per Share Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) have been trending somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Invesco earned a daily sentiment score of 0.21 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news headlines about Invesco an impact score of 88 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Invesco from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Invesco from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $30.00 to $37.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Citigroup Inc lifted their price target on shares of Invesco to $33.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Invesco in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $34.70. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) traded down 0.69% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $30.28. 1,967,647 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $12.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.70 and a beta of 1.82. Invesco has a 12 month low of $23.01 and a 12 month high of $33.46. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $31.65 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.97. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.59 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58 by $0.01. Invesco had a net margin of 18.04% and a return on equity of 11.79%. The company had revenue of $1.19 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $867.07 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.58 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Invesco will post $2.41 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-very-likely-to-effect-invesco-ivz-stock-price.html. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices 7-Eleven could have 10,000 stores in the US by 2020 - here are 3 big losers from that surge The Street Lindsay Rittenhouse 9 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Tiffany & Co. envisions a more polished year This is the next big catalyst for Amazon stock Full screen 1/4 SLIDES © TheStreet 1,300 new locations planned 7-Eleven is expanding its scale in an effort to compete with a host of private convenience store competitors who have taken a strong foothold in the U.S. Seven & I Holdings, the Japanese parent of 7-Eleven, announced Thursday morning its plan to acquire Sunoco's convenience store and gas station business for $3.3 billion. The announcement came as the company also reported a meager 1% rise in net income for the fiscal year ending Feb. 28 of 73.55 billion yen ($665 million). In certain states in the U.S., 24-hour private convenience super-store, gas station businesses - that resemble tiny grocery stores - are taking over. In an effort to compete, 7-Eleven has said it is trying to grow its number of locations in the U.S. and Canada to 10,000 by February 2020 from 8,700 currently - a lot more than the mere hundreds that its competitors boast - and boost its average daily merchandise sales to $5,000 per store. 7-Eleven's move comes at a time when millennials are choosing to shop for groceries at convenience stores where milk, fresh produce and meals are sold, rather than actual food stores, JPMorgan Chase said in a recent report called "Why gas stations may be the new grocery stores." "Millennials turn to convenience stores to refuel more than their car," Chase said. If 7-Eleven continues to expand its footprint and transform into a grocery destination like its rivals, several private companies could start to lose their dominating power in the U.S. After all, 7-Eleven operates 15,600 stores in 18 countries and just tacked on an additional 1,108 gas stations and shops with its Sunoco purchase. Click ahead for the top 7-Eleven rivals that need to be concerned. 2/4 SLIDES © TheStreet Wawa Wawa, one of the fastest growing convenience store, gas station destinations in the U.S. operates 720 locations in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia and Florida. The Pennsylvania-based company was No. 36 on Forbes' list of "America's Largest Private Companies" in 2015 after generating $8.9 billion in full-year revenue. Wawa offers a wide range of menu options such as custom order sandwiches, fresh groceries, boxed on-the-go meals and all of the other items one finds at a convenience store. Plus, it sells gas at a lower price than most other stations. 3/4 SLIDES © TheStreet Sheetz Sheetz, also headquartered in Pennsylvania, boasts essentially the same business model as Wawa with cheap gas prices, groceries and meals both to order or already prepared. The company operates 520 locations in Maryland, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia and West Virginia. Sheetz earned the No. 55 slot on Forbes' largest private company list after generating $6.3 billion in revenue in 2015. 4/4 SLIDES © TheStreet Casey's Casey's General Stores operates more than 1,900 convenience stores across 14 Midwestern states, primarily Iowa, Missouri and Illinois. Like Sheetz, Casey's operates gas stations at many of its locations. For the nine months ended Jan. 31, sales increased 3.6% to $5.7 billion. But, profits declined 17% to $147 million as the company felt pressure from higher minimum wages. 4/4 SLIDES AdChoices More From The Street Commercial Space Travel Will Soon Become A Reality The Street 5 Lowest 30-Year Mortgage Rates The Street Home Construction ETF Is Overbought, While Two Banking ETFs Have Negative Weekly Charts The Street The Street View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
up next: now reading: Jamie Dimon Finally Sees What Ben Bernanke Never Did jdimon Jamie Dimon Finally Sees What Ben Bernanke Never Did By Jeffrey Snider April 07, 2017 jdimon X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Ten years ago last week, then-Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke testified before the Joint Economic Committee of the US Congress.  While that particular day is remembered for his prepared remarks about subprime being contained, it was other facets of his testimony that deserve our remembrance and scrutiny.  Subprime wasn’t ever contained, nor would it ever have been, but that was truly just a very small part of how the last lost decade has unfolded.  You would think that it would have been the Federal Reserve’s job to understand the housing bubble, but that’s not how it works.  Any central bank views itself as an agent under monetary neutrality, which simply means the central bank sets monetary policy and the market, so-called, does whatever it does from there.  Using inflation, unemployment, and other economic factors as a guide, monetary policy shifts when those economic arrangements fall out of whatever bounds it sets for itself.  From this perspective, the housing bubble was a market event not a monetary one. If that sounds surprisingly irrational that is because we have been conditioned since Paul Volcker’s Fed to believe that monetary officials are the wisest of stewards.  By its own rules, there was nothing particularly disturbing about the middle 2000’s.  The Fed knew that the housing market was well outside of historical bounds, but, again, that was from their view a market choice; consumer inflation as well as unemployment all remained within their boundaries for good conduct. FOMC members had already raised the possibility in June 2003 that there was “something” missing from their set of rules and assumptions.  Drawing largely from experience during the 1990’s, it had come to be believed that simplicity was operative, and fruitfully so.  The Fed would adjust merely the federal funds target rate in order to steer the economy into its inflation/unemployment zones.  From 1992 until Bernanke’s testimony at the end of March 2007, the US economy had experienced only one extremely mild recession and all within a period of unusually low consumer price inflation. Calling it the Great “Moderation”, Bernanke in particular therefore showed no capacity for anything beyond this convention, even after the experience of the dot-com bubble and bust.  In 2015, he told an audience at LPL’s conference that he left Princeton’s Economics Department where he was Chair and where he expected to be an “academic lifer” because of 9-11.  He wanted to get into public service “to help people live better lives.”  Even contemporary, however, the term “moderation” struck a contradictory chord particularly with the public.  The very nature of housing as tech stocks advertised more than the academic settings. Bernanke’s tenure at the Fed was no different than his university career, thus keeping with his expectation to be one throughout.  If his motivation was to help people, he never showed the slightest inclination that perhaps he might not know how.  His testimony at the end of the first quarter in 2007 was a perfect example of this rigidity, one which his disposition fit perfectly within the institutional bubble of the Federal Reserve as a whole. What was most interesting and truly relevant about his appearance back then was how it relayed the Fed’s dilemma at that time as policymakers saw it.  Clearly there were growing uncertainties centered on housing; earlier in February 2007 several financial institutions, especially HSBC, had rocked the Street with forecasts and projections that raised the possibility subprime wasn’t contained at all.  Then on February 27, stocks dropped sharply, the Dow down 416 points that single day.  Suddenly everyone was talking about shadows, the first suggestions that there actually was an undiscovered wilderness out there somewhere way beyond the borders of acceptable Economics. But to the rules of monetary policy in effect, there was as much if not more to worry about on the upside as the downside.  As Bernanke said, “We are looking for a bit more flexibility, given the uncertainties that we are facing and the risks that are occurring on both sides of our outlook.” In the orthodox textbook, there is only supposed to be one or the other, a binary view where inflation and unemployment are to some great extent mutually exclusive.  This Phillips Curve basis had been updated after the economic experience of the 1970’s proved it invalid, but here again was the Fed expecting that very same tradeoff.  Largely due to that view, it was the baseline expectation for monetary policy that what would happen from that point forward was something like normalization.  Bernanke, in his prepared remarks, claimed, “Economic growth in the United States has slowed in recent quarters, reflecting in part the economy’s transition from the rapid rate of expansion experienced over the preceding years to a more sustainable pace of growth.” If you view inflation as a tradeoff for unemployment or vice versa, then his would have seemed the most idyllic if not downright ideal scenario.  Rising inflation pressures would offset some of the negative financial forces from subprime or the reduced activity in housing. Conversely, a slower overall economic pace even with downside risks (which the Fed believed easily handled if needed) and uncertainties could be counted on to balance out those inflation pressures before they got too far.  It is therefore established that Ben Bernanke got everything wrong over the last decade.  All of it.  He admits today that he was way off on only subprime, telling the same LPL conference, “Not my best call.”  But that was just the beginning, not the end.  Starting with those inflation pressures, the Federal Reserve’s view of them were simply inappropriate in every way that should have been recognized as a fatal error.  The CPI or PCE Deflator was not moving upward based on economic strength but through continuing monetary debasement – a continuation of the “weak dollar” paradigm that was in reality offshore monetary expansion.  During the housing bubble period, going all the way back to the mid-1990’s, the eurodollar system expanded in two directions (well, more than two, but for sake of simplicity we can generalize two) simultaneously – the first in the form of consumer debt, subprime mortgages and beyond flowing to the developed world; the second in the form of emerging market debt, focused on overseas economic “miracles” particularly China. The role of the eurodollar system was to create and sustain the flow of monetary (like) resources so that these two channels would be maintained in perpetuity.  It seemed like a perfectly stable system ready to do just that, eurodollar to debt to economy, but only if you viewed it as Bernanke did by traditional, overly narrow parameters.  Calling them the shadows was and is misleading, because by the end (of the growth phase) the shadows were an order of magnitude and possibly two larger than the visible monetary or even banking system. Because these were a collection of often very different pieces, for a time it sustained itself by compartmentalizing.  The mortgage finance piece was becoming a drag, but onward flowed the EM part without any interruption.  In many ways, the latter actually intensified the more it was revealed just how wrong Bernanke had been; it had always been believed though never actually established or even tested that should the offshore system start to fail the Federal Reserve would be able to stand behind it. Thus, the more the Fed started to do, the more the “weak dollar” acted as if the Fed would overdo.  Oil prices, in particular, skyrocketed as the only real impetus for consumer prices during that time. It would only last until July 2008, however, as even the “weak dollar” could not sustain itself due to the immense damage being done way beyond subprime.  The internals of the system, bank balance sheet capacity, had been so reduced as to be unable to provide sufficient monetary resources to anything.  That meant that though the CPI registered 5.6% in July 2008, it was nothing like the positive offset Bernanke had only a year before been counting on for ideal balance.  In fact, it would take just five months for the CPI to go from that seemingly overheating level to zero, and just three months more to fall below it.  The reason monetary policy defines price stability as 2% inflation, for the PCE Deflator rather than the CPI, is actually for this very situation.  It had been modeled, regressed and math-ed to death that 2% was enough margin for any central bank to get in gear and respond to any monetary threat before it could become so devastating - as in late 2008 and early 2009.  Another monetary principle had been shattered and obliterated.  The US economy experienced sharply accelerating inflation and rising unemployment, and then deflation and sharply accelerating unemployment – all the while, the FOMC transcripts reveal, policymakers stood surprisingly aghast and befuddled. And yet, all attention and focus afterward would be placed on the Fed’s version of “jobs saved.”  In other words, though the economy was by late 2008 left to suffer its fate quite directly against everything orthodox economics believed was ever possible, Bernanke would fashion himself with the aid of politics and the media the hero – the Great “Recession” wasn’t a second Great Depression.  But was that actually the case?  There is no comparing the down leg or contraction phase this time to then, for the level of economic and monetary destruction in the early 1930’s might never be equaled again let alone surpassed.  But a depression is not merely that one part.  What made the Great Depression was its interminable duration; no matter what the Fed or federal government did to push the economy back to life it was never enough.  The US economy had stopped contracting, as did the global economy, but the restoration of plus signs to economic accounts and even price changes did more to obscure the full extent of the damage than to signify recovery.  The one imbalance that would define that period was idle labor.  In 1929, the total US labor force measured just over 48 million people. Of those, 46.2 million were employed in one way or another.  By 1932, the labor force had expanded to 50.3 million, but by then only 38 million had jobs. From 1934 to 1937, in just four years, 8 million jobs were added back, but 8 million wasn’t nearly enough. Three million more Americans had come of age and entered the labor force during that time.  It was the events of 1937, however, that really made the Great Depression stick.  All of that forward momentum was lost, even though it had been too “shallow” up to that point already.  The Federal Reserve badly misconstrued financial liquidity preferences as latent inflation pressures building during what it thought was a full and honest recovery.  Banks through the experience of the crash and seeing that monetary authorities were unreliable began holding a large proportion of excess reserves.  Thinking those reserves might be put to use, the FOMC voted in December 1935 to by the end of 1936 raise the level of required reserves in order to circumvent their use; and instead created an enormous monetary backlash as banks rebuilt their excess reserves anyway and in doing so created the economic setback that ended the recovery direction until WWII. By the end of 1939, there were slightly less Americans working than in 1929, but the labor force had grown by 7.5 million people during that decade.  In 21st century terms, the US economy had a participation problem. The only difference between now and then on these terms is that by today’s standards the Bureau of Labor Statistics would have excluded the vast majority of those 7.5 million from the official labor force due to bureaucratic rules about who is defined as officially part of the labor force.  As of the latest BLS estimates, there are as many as 15 million Americans who are “missing” in just that way, omitted from the labor force count because the economy has not recovered and in all likelihood never will (at least until all those who think and act like Bernanke are ousted from positions of influence).  We have even suffered our own “1937” just recently to further establish the depression template, so to speak.  The “rising dollar” from June 2014 to February 2016 was in many ways the same kind of resulting downtrend due to liquidity preferences as in 1937 and 1938. Banks all over the world retrenched, some dramatically.  I have little doubt it was the combination of fragility with volatility, the worst possible condition for susceptible balance sheets.  Some refuse to consider it was anything other than regulations.  Even if I was to stipulate that was the case, on this point it would make no difference anyway for it was regulation in 1937 that accomplished the same result.  Whatever ultimately the cause, the “rising dollar” killed the recovery in the same was as 1937 terminated all hopes for a direct line out of the Great Depression. You need not take my word for it alone, as this is the position of Federal Reserve as well as monetary officials from around the world.  They refuse to clarify it publicly, of course, preferring instead to quietly refer to the “skills mismatch” or the related low and even possibly negative R*.  All of which adds up to something like secular stagnation, which in truth is nothing more than depression without official explanation of its origin and pathology.  In October 2014, JP Morgan’s CEO Jamie Dimon confidently declared, “I’m a real long-term bull on the US economy.”  That wasn’t an unusual or especially brave position, for it was the default forecast of practically every economist and policymaker around the world at that time.  Like Bernanke in 2007, Janet Yellen around then talked more about the risks of overheating than lingering “headwinds”, though they remained.  Even into early 2015, our true 1937, Fed officials like Yellen were still rationalizing crashing oil prices as if some kind of enormous consumer benefit that would offset growing (and painfully obvious) global weakness, almost a mirror image of the early stages of the Great “Recession.” Just this week, however, Mr. Dimon declares he is no longer so bullish.  The events of these past few years have apparently been enough to, like policymakers, disabuse all notions of recovery.  In his 45-page annual letter to JPM shareholders, the bank’s CEO now says, “there is something wrong with the US economy.”  Outside of Economics, banking, and politics, his summation was met with a resounding “you just figured that out?” What’s perhaps most important about his sudden reckoning is that he looks everywhere else for its cause.  This is much the same problem as with Federal Reserve and indeed all global central bank authorities who do the very same, a tradition that started in Congress on March 28, 2007.  The last place any of them will look for answers is within.  For JP Morgan, there are any number of balance sheet figures that show the bank’s part in all of this, from 2007 to the “rising dollar.”  For one, there are its liquidity preferences as defined in the most traditional way – “cash due” and “deposits with others”, a category that includes JPM’s reserve account at the Fed.  In 2007, only 3% of the bank’s assets were in cash, down just slightly from an average of 4.1% over the prior six years.  It jumped to 7.6% in 2008, which only makes sense, but then fell back to 2.3% in 2010 despite QE1 – or actually because of it. In other words, it seems very likely JPM was confident enough in the effects of QE toward establishing recovery and a return to pre-crisis conditions so as to hold so little cash so close to panic.  That was maintained only to 2011 and resumption of the same monetary problems that have never been resolved.  The proportion of cash hit 6.4% in 2011, then 7.4% in 2012, nearly the same relative balance as during the worst of the crisis.  Rather than remove this idle liquidity in response to the third and fourth QE’s, JPM’s balance sheet at the end of 2014 would be 19.9% cash (only some due to regulatory changes).  The proportion has declined somewhat due to efforts in early 2015 to restrict institutions holding their cash balances at the bank. As of the end of last year, JPM still shows 15.6% of its assets as cash. In the more esoteric and relevant monetary facets, JP Morgan’s behavior is exactly the same relating to liquidity preferences.  As with any wholesale or shadow bank, both sides of its balance sheet include basic wholesale formats like repo and federal funds.  Because of its place at the center of the triparty repo system, JPM had historically drawn in more funds from these channels than it sent back out (greater repo and federal funds liabilities than assets).  At one extreme, in 2002, the bank at year’s end took in $169 billion in funding, 22% of its total asset base, while forwarding just $65.8 billion back into the monetary system. It’s a bold position expressing confidence in being able to maintain funding in this way. At the end of 2006, the balance sheet was more balanced, with a net intake of $21 billion.  Over the next two years of panic, that position reversed with JPM lending out funds in greater quantity than it took in.  In 2009 and 2010, that reversed again so that JPM was net taking $66 billion and $54 billion, respectively, in those years.  Not only that, the volume had grown considerably especially in 2009 and 2010.  Where the bank showed $154 billion repo and federal funds liabilities at the end of 2007, it reported $276 billion at the end of 2010 – in keeping with its very low cash proportion, and thus minimal liquidity preferences. As with cash allocations, all that changed (again) in 2011.  The bank has funded less and less through wholesale liabilities, starting with 2011 where its balance fell sharply to $213 billion due to the renewed shadow crisis.  As of Q4 2016, JPM reports just $165 billion and a net outflow of $64 billion into wholesale money markets.  The bank’s total balance sheet has grown by just 14.5% over the eight years since the end of 2008, and just 5.6% since the end of 2012 and the last of the QE’s.  In the eight years up to Q4 2008, JPM’s balance sheet expanded by 204% including mergers.  Of all the major global banks, JP Morgan is actually rare for its experience with even that level of reduced growth.  By and large, its peers have tended toward outright reduction.  In terms of risk capacity, however, JP Morgan has been no different than the others.  At the end of 2008, JPM reported $88 trillion in total notional derivatives, a level slightly more than the $84.9 trillion it showed at the end of 2007 but actually considerably less when figuring the $14.2 trillion added in Q1 2008 when Bear Stearns was absorbed.  As of the latest quarter at the end of 2016, the bank reports just $47.5 trillion, about half its Q1 2008 combined notional exposure.  Between 2001 and 2008, JPM’s derivative book quadrupled. In the 1930’s, liquidity preferences among banks meant an enormous loss of deposit capacity, the money multiplier of the traditional system.  It was not even for its time unduly low, it was but a paradigm shift in difference from how banks and money had behaved in the 1910’s and especially 1920’s.  In the 2010’s, liquidity preferences among banks mean an enormous loss of wholesale capacity in all forms, the monetary capacity regime of the shadow system.  It may not even for today be unduly low, but it is a paradigm shift in difference from how banks and money had behaved in the 1990’s and especially 2000’s.  Such an enormous break in monetary capacity has at both times provided the force for dislocation rather than recession.  The economy shrinks in its contraction phase and then never goes back.  On both occasions, growth of some residue does resume after the downturn, but it is both insufficient as well as, owing to liquidity preferences, highly unstable.  In the end, what makes both depressions is that the economy at both times nets out going nowhere for those monetary differences and especially where labor utilization is concerned. The difference to the 1930’s is degree, not type.  Therefore what Ben Bernanke failed to see and appreciate a decade ago is what Jamie Dimon now finally does.  That it took Mr. Dimon so long to finally get there demonstrates what neither he nor Bernanke are able to grasp; that the chronic “headwinds” of this lost decade originate right within their own sphere.  Ten years ago the pre-eminent economic and monetary official declared that the fallout from subprime was limited because he wasn’t actually either of those things.  It wasn’t contained and still today has yet to be even though we have been through this before.  Jeffrey Snider is the Chief Investment Strategist of Alhambra Investment Partners, a registered investment advisor.  Related Topics: Ben Bernanke, Jamie Dimon, Jeffrey Snider Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 7 April 2017 Saudi Aramco to raise US$3bil in debut sukuk sale DUBAI: Saudi Aramco is planning to raise 11.25 billion riyals (US$3bil) from its debut Islamic bond, according to a person with knowledge of the offering, boosting the size of the sale because of investor demand. Aramco, as the world’s largest oil producer is known, is selling the debt with a seven-year tenure in a private placement at 25 basis points over the Saudi interbank offered rate, the person said, asking not to be identified as the information is private. The company increased the size of the bond - known as sukuk - after demand exceeded supply, the person said. Aramco was initially seeking to raise about US$2bil under a 37.5 billion-riyal (US$10bil) program, people with knowledge of the matter said last month. The company had kept the order books open for an additional day, delaying the close to April 4. The oil giant is selling debt ahead of an initial public offering in 2018 as the country’s finance ministry plans to cut taxation on the company, potentially raising its valuation to more than US$1 trillion, according to estimates by Sanford C Bernstein & Co. The cut will boost Aramco’s net income by 300 percent, putting per-barrel income in a range similar to that of international oil companies including Exxon Mobil Corp, Bernstein analysts said. Alinma Investment Co, GIB Capital, HSBC Holdings Plc, NCB Capital, Riyad Capital, Samba Capital and Saudi Fransi Capital are arranging the hybrid riyal Islamic bond. Meanwhile, Saudi Arabia has hired Citigroup Inc, HSBC Holdings Plc and JPMorgan Chase & Co as joint lead arrangers to help arrange investor meetings starting next week for a potential dollar sukuk offering. Aramco is also considering setting up a dollar-bond program, people said last year. The closest Saudi Aramco has come in the past to selling debt is a 3.75 billion-riyal sukuk issued by Saudi Aramco Total Refining & Petrochemical Co, a joint venture with France’s Total SA known as Satorp. In 2013, another Saudi Aramco joint venture, Sadara Chemical Co with Dow Chemical Co, raised 7.5 billion riyals through a sukuk to finance a chemicals complex. — Bloomberg Tags / Keywords: aramco Related Stories Related Stories Behind Saudi Aramco's US$2 trillion valuation Saudi Aramco’s US$7bil investment proves Malaysia not on verge of bankruptcy, says Najib Saudi king’s Asia tour trumpets Aramco’s moves downstream Long deadline for Saudi Aramco deal with Petronas What’s the deal in Rapid? You May Be Interested UTAR among top young varsities Speculation driving up tech stocks on Bursa, but many don't want to miss the party Joy over bumper harvest Don't tear down Ampang Park for MRT, say traders Where to find a cuddly quokka for your selfie Craft yourself a new career by embracing digital learning You May Be Interested UTAR among top young varsities Speculation driving up tech stocks on Bursa, but many don't want to miss the party Joy over bumper harvest Don't tear down Ampang Park for MRT, say traders Where to find a cuddly quokka for your selfie Craft yourself a new career by embracing digital learning Others Also Read Iran condemns air strike in Syria; Britain, Australia give support Samsung tips best quarterly profit in over three years as chips soar Copter ‘quietly’ attracts interest Property Related advertisement Latest News Hyundai, Kia plan major car recall in US and S. Korea over engine issue Moody's says Asian liquidity index improved in March Singapore central bank seen on hold as economy emerges from doldrums Sterling's fate hangs on tone of Brexit negotiations EPF provides free financial literacy guidance to members Most Viewed in Business Stocks skid, safe-haven assets jump as US missiles strike Syria No-show passenger tax runs into the millions Country Garden seeks a bigger market Forest City project: Penalty for China buyers who seek to cancel purchase EPF provides free financial literacy guidance to members Aeon aborts purchase of land intended for new shopping centre Ringgit dips early Friday Speculation driving up tech stocks on Bursa, but many don't want to miss the party Stock on the move: Pestech Stock on the move: Johan attracts strong interest advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"א ניסן תשע"ז   |   Friday, April 7, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Stocks End Higher as Retailers And Smaller Companies Rise Stocks End Higher as Retailers And Smaller Companies Rise Thursday, April 6, 2017 at 8:38 pm | י' ניסן תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks inched higher Thursday as smaller retailers and banks traded higher and energy companies rose with fuel prices. Once again, the market was unable to hang on to more substantial gains from earlier in the day. Strong reports from companies including L Brands and Bed Bath & Beyond helped retailers. Energy companies rose with the prices of oil and natural gas, and banks recovered some of the sharp losses they took a day ago. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 98 points early in the afternoon. However high-dividend stocks like utilities skidded and technology companies also fell. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index added 4.54 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,357.49. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 14.80 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,662.95. The Nasdaq composite gained 14.47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,878.95. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks performed far better. It climbed 12.28 points, or 0.9 percent, to 1,364.43. About three-fourths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange rose Thursday, but stocks are mostly down this week. The Russell 2000 has fallen 1.6 percent. Investors will get an updated picture of the economy in the coming weeks, including the government’s March report on employment Friday. Next week, the Commerce Department will give a report on retailer sales and companies including JPMorgan Chase, Delta Air Lines and Netflix will report their earnings. L Brands jumped $4.75, or 11 percent, to $47.85 after it reported strong March sales. Bed Bath & Beyond surpassed analysts’ earnings estimates and climbed $1.28, or 3.4 percent, to $39.08. Department stores and mall-based retailers like Kohl’s, Nordstrom and Gap traded higher. Discount retailers Fred’s and Five Below made hefty gains after Fred’s announced its own quarterly results. Bond prices recovered from an early decline. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.34 percent. Companies that pay big dividends, like phone companies and utilities, traded lower. Investors often sell those stocks when bond yields rise, as they did earlier in the day. U.S. crude oil added 55 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $51.70 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, the international standard, rose 53 cents, or 1 percent, to $54.89 a barrel in London. Sunoco climbed after it agreed to sell most of its convenience stores to 7-Eleven. Sunoco will get $3.3 billion and 7-Eleven will acquire 1,100 stores, mostly in the East Coast and Texas. Sunoco also struck a fuel supply deal with a 7-Eleven subsidiary and it plans to sell 200 more convenience stores in a separate deal. Shares of Sunoco jumped $4.83, or 20.2 percent, to $28.69. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 1 cent to $1.73 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.61 per gallon. Natural gas jumped 7 cents, or 2 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $4.80 to $1,253.30 an ounce. Silver added 6 cents to $18.25 an ounce. Filed under: S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Near Records as Car Companies and Retailers Rise Indexes Inch Higher as Oil Prices Jump, But Retailers Skid  Stocks Slide Again as Retailers And Tech Companies Slip U.S. Stocks Rise as Health Care And Energy Companies Soar  Stock Indexes Near Records as Car Makers and Retailers Rise More in Business Oil Prices Soar in Reaction to US Missile Strikes at Syria Business Briefs – April 6, 2017 Transportation Department Taps Brakes on Proposed Regulation Requiring Disclosure of Airline Fees Cohn Said to Back Separation of Wall Street Business Lines El Al Snags Award for Innovative ‘Poncho’ Blanket OP-ED Soaring at the Seder Media Outlets Go Easy on Susan Rice, Double Down on Trump-Russia Brexit Negotiations Likely to be Contentious Outcry Over Syria Redux The Seder – Seize the Opportunity Out of Excuses The Yeshivos — The Crown Jewels of Our Survival No Solution? The Riddle of the Fours Transmitting Truth The Road to Single-Payer Health Care Best Plan Why This Night Really Is Different Going After the Hackers Features Appreciating Pain and Suffering Hakarat Hatov Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Galei Kvod Malchuscha This Day In History 11 Nisan/April 7 הגאון רבי מנחם זעמבא הי”ד זי”ע ניצוצי הגדה של פסח Ready For Pesach Sudoku – April 6, 2017 Editorial Cartoon – April 6, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 11 Nisan/April 7 This Day In History 10 Nisan/April 6 Nichum Aveilim 10 Nisan/April 6 Making the Most of Meringue Weather » Brooklyn 52°F Partly cloudy See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,878.95 +14.47 (+0.25%) S&P 500 2,357.49 +4.54 (+0.19%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9395 GBP 0.8020 ILS 3.6513 CHF 1.0047 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News YouTube cracks down on fake news channels with ad changes By Allen Cone   |   April 6, 2017 at 8:39 PM Follow @upi Comments April 6 (UPI) -- YouTube announced Thursday it is cracking down on fake news channels by no longer placing advertising on them until they've reached 10,000 overall views. YouTube, which is owned by Alphabet Inc., also the parent company of Google, announced changes after several big companies pulled their advertising from the company because their ads were appearing with objectionable content. The online video service said the changes are designed to make sure channels are legitimate and not stealing content. "We will no longer serve ads on YPP videos until the channel reaches 10K lifetime views," Ariel Bardin, vice president of product management, said in a statement. "This new threshold gives us enough information to determine the validity of a channel. It also allows us to confirm if a channel is following our community guidelines and advertiser policies. By keeping the threshold to 10K views, we also ensure that there will be minimal impact on our aspiring creators. And, of course, any revenue earned on channels with under 10K views up until today will not be impacted." YouTube is also adding a review process for creators to join the YouTube Partner Program, which began in 2007. "After a creator hits 10K lifetime views on their channel, we'll review their activity against our policies," Bardin said. "If everything looks good, we'll bring this channel into YPP and begin serving ads against their content. Together these new thresholds will help ensure revenue only flows to creators who are playing by the rules." The company, in an effort to help creators reach 10,000, will offer tips on "making great original content and growing your audience." "We want creators of all sizes to find opportunity on YouTube, and we believe this new application process will help ensure creator revenue continues to grow and end up in the right hands," Bardin said. In the past, the open-ended policy allowed amateur video creators to earn money and some work became viral and earned a considerable amount. Several advertisers, including Walmart, General Motors, JPMorgan Chase, Pepsico, Starbucks and Johnson & Johnson, pulled out of YouTube after their ads appeared in extremist hate-speech videos. On March 24, the head of the Association of National Advertisers, which represents 1,000 companies that spend more than $250 billion in marketing and advertising each year, urged Google to change its policy. "ANA strongly believes that brand safety is of paramount importance to our members," Bob Liodice said in statement. "The current crisis is representative of the issues that ANA — and others — have raised with respect to fraud and risk, reduced transparency, sub-optimum measurement and nebulous productivity." YouTube didn't say how many accounts would be affected by the change. Advertisers pay roughly $7 to $12 for 1,000 views and creators split the money with YouTube, The Wall Street Journal reported. "What we do is, we match ads and the content, but because we source the ads from everywhere, every once in a while somebody gets underneath the algorithm and they put in something that doesn't match," Alphabet chairman Eric Schmidt said last month in an interview with Fox Business Network. YouTube has more than a billion users and as of last July, it had paid out $2 billion to rightsholders, the company said on its website. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories EBay founder pledges $100M to counter 'fake news' No joke: April the giraffe still pregnant Teen use of Instagram may increase risk for depression, study says Reports: Amazon replacing Twitter as live-stream host for Thursday night NFL games Comments Topics: Eric Schmidt, Google Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Next Article Trump meets Chinese leader Xi in Florida for summit on trade, North Korea Latest Headlines U.S. strikes Syria; Trump fires 59 missiles in 'vital national security interest' 30 minutes ago ago April 7 (UPI) -- President Trump ordered 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles into a Syrian airfield where it's believed government forces launched a deadly chemical attack this week. Hillary Clinton on Russia: 'It's important we all start acting like patriotic Americans' 5 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- After spending the last five months in private, Hillary Clinton said at a women's summit Thursday she's worried over the current direction of the United States. Feds ordered Twitter to reveal person behind anti-Trump account, lawsuit says 8 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- Twitter filed a lawsuit Thursday that claims President Trump's administration unlawfully demanded the identity of a user who's been critical of the government. Boeing, JetBlue back startup aiming for electric flight revolution 12 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- Two of the biggest names in the sky are investing in Zunum Aero for electric aircraft it says will increase commercial flight efficiency and reduce fare prices. Republicans trigger 'nuclear option' in SCOTUS showdown 14 hours ago ago April 6 (UPI) -- Senate Republicans voted to invoke the so-called "nuclear option" to prevent Democrats from filibustering the nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Trending Stories U.S. strikes Syria; Trump fires 59 missiles in 'vital national security interest' North Korea issues warning to 'culprit' United States Girl found living with wild monkeys in India fears humans Republicans trigger 'nuclear option' in SCOTUS showdown Feds ordered Twitter to reveal person behind anti-Trump account, lawsuit says PHOTOS In photos: Yu Aiping show at China Fashion Week Mariah Carey through the years Rock and roll auction at Bonhams in New York Superbloom phenomenon brings flowers and tourists to Southern California In photos: Tom Dong show at China Fashion Week On the red carpet at the STXfilms "The State Of The Industry: Past, Present And Future" presentation at CinemaCon Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Mexican Bureaucrats Outsmart Wall Street Oil Traders: Five Things We Learned This Week by Lisa Fleisher @lisafleisher More stories by Lisa Fleisher April 6, 2017, 8:01 PM EDT Every year, through a series of secret deals, a small group of Mexican government officials make the world’s largest and best-concealed oil trade. As representatives of one of the world’s top oil exporters, “the men from Hacienda” can make smarter bets than hedge funds and Wall Street traders, Bloomberg’s Javier Blas reports. Their excellent U.S. connections in banking and politics help them predict the market. The trade’s notional value over the last decade has added up to $163 billion. “It’s the deal that all banks wait for each year,” says Richard Fullarton, founder of commodity fund Matilda Capital Management. “It’s so large that it can make or break their year.” There’s a New World’s Best Restaurant The dining room at Eleven Madison Park. Photographer: Chris Goodney/Bloomberg New Yorkers have one more reason to brag. The World’s 50 Best — a popular list that’s become something of the Oscars of the food world — named Eleven Madison Park the No. 1 restaurant in the world. It’s the first time in over a decade that a U.S. restaurant topped the list, which is based on the votes of more than 1,000 chefs, food writers and other experts. European restaurants usually dominate. Richard Vines, Bloomberg’s chief restaurant critic, says Eleven Madison Park’s food is “highly inventive with exciting flavor combinations” and “fun and very visual.” The restaurant’s $295 tasting menu features 11 courses, with dishes such as sea urchin custard with baby squid, bay scallop and apple; and pear poached with honey and acorn. Two Warnings for America Two of Wall Street’s biggest names are sounding the alarm on the U.S. economy. “It is clear that something is wrong,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon wrote in his annual letter to shareholders. Trillions spent on wars, a hobbled housing market, mounting student debt, failing schools, onerous corporate taxes and regulation — all lead to an understandable anger at institutional leaders, he said. “Something has gone awry in the public’s understanding of business and free enterprise,” he said. “We need trust and confidence in our institutions.” On Thursday, BlackRock Inc.’s Larry Fink said growth is slowing because businesses and consumers are concerned about whether the Trump administration can deliver on promises. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Young People Are Killing Marriage We knew that kids these days have been delaying the big things in life, like getting married and buying a home. But a new study of U.S. Census data reveals exactly how much things have changed. Millennials in the U.S. are more than twice as likely today to never have been married as Baby Boomers at the same age in 1980, Bloomberg’s Ben Steverman reports. That year, two-thirds of Americans between ages 25 and 34 had already been married at least once.  Not Everything Donald Trump Touches Turns to Gold A red Ferrari once owned by Trump went up for auction—but almost didn’t sell. A private buyer picked up the 2007 F430 F1 Coupe for $270,000 after it failed to meet the reserve in an auction that was expected to bring in as much as $350,000. The commander-in-chief bought the Ferrari new in 2007 and put 2,400 miles on the car before selling it in 2011 to the second owner, who put it on the block last weekend. Other Trump cars commanded a premium. Maybe if Trump had still owned it the price would have been higher, Bloomberg’s Hannah Elliott reports. Photographer: Dirk de Jager © 2017 Courtesy RM Sotheby's   Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Cohn Backs Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) US missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories STRIKE HITS SyriaN BASE Chemical attack probe aided by presence of victims in Turkey Nunes steps away from Russia probe White House backs away from Baltimore reform Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Beal helps Wizards beat Knicks again Bizarre play rallies Cubs Islanders keep faint playoff hopes alive Noteworthy Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Twitter challenges U.S. order Soft sales plague margarine makers Retail helps boost stocks More NY farmers eyeing soy, not corn Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Trans-Siberian Orchestra's Paul O'Neill dies at 61 Good things to do for the week ahead 22 things to do this weekend People in the news: Pepsi pulls Kendall Jenner ad Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Bon Jovi postpones NYC shows Deeds & Deals DeGeneres, de Rossi retreat from their getaway Fruits and veggies: The Dirty Dozen and the Clean 15 Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Second Phase of Madison Avenue Construction Presented at Public Poll: Should pediatricians be concerned about what you’re Heastie: Budget talks are down to school funding details Judge sets Oct. 30 as start date for pay-to-play trial TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ 1624 Keepsake Challenge evolves Churchill: Shen vote was a victory for honesty Campus watch: Mike D'Amario thriving with Virginia lacrosse Outdoors: Remembering the Mohawk-Hudson trail's pioneer Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Deeds & Deals DeGeneres, de Rossi retreat from their getaway Co-working spaces gain foothold in Capital Region Deeds & Deals Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Kohl’s: 30% off + $10 off girl’s and men’s wear Wedding registry freebies and retail deals Have you tried Ebates? Sign up and get a $10 bonus Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Retail-helps-boost-stocks-11056417.php Retail helps boost stocks Department and discount stores make hefty gains Marley Jay, Associated Press Published 7:33 pm, Thursday, April 6, 2017 Photo: JOHANNES EISELE Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A man with a Victoria's Secret bag walks past the newly opened Victoria's Secret shop in Shanghai on February 24, 2017. The first Victoria's Secret store opened in China on February 24. / AFP PHOTO / Johannes EISELEJOHANNES EISELE/AFP/Getty Images less A man with a Victoria's Secret bag walks past the newly opened Victoria's Secret shop in Shanghai on February 24, 2017. The first Victoria's Secret store opened in China on February 24. / AFP PHOTO / Johannes ... more Photo: JOHANNES EISELE Retail helps boost stocks 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks inched higher Thursday as smaller retailers and banks traded higher and energy companies rose with fuel prices. Once again, the market was unable to hang on to more substantial gains from earlier in the day. Strong reports from companies including L Brands, the parent of Victoria's Secret, and Bed Bath & Beyond helped retailers. Energy companies rose with the prices of oil and natural gas, and banks recovered some of the sharp losses they took a day ago. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 98 points early in the afternoon. However high-dividend stocks like phone companies and utilities skidded and technology companies also fell. Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist for U.S. Bank Wealth Management, said investors are feeling uncertain, and that may hold true for at least a few weeks. After a weak auto sales report on Monday, he said investors are wondering how fast the economy is growing and what that will mean for company earnings. "We expect volatility to be higher than what we experienced in the first quarter," he said. It was the second day in a row that stocks slumped during afternoon trading, although the slip Thursday was far less dramatic than the one the day before. That slide started after the Federal Reserve said it may stop buying new bonds later this year and said its policymakers were grappling with whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 4.54 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,357.49. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 14.80 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,662.95. The Nasdaq composite gained 14.47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,878.95. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks performed far better. It climbed 12.28 points, or 0.9 percent, to 1,364.43. About three-fourths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange rose, but stocks are mostly down this week. The Russell 2000 has fallen 1.6 percent. Investors will get an updated picture of the economy in the coming weeks, including the government's March report on employment Friday. Next week the Commerce Department will give a report on retailer sales and companies including JPMorgan Chase, Delta Air Lines and Netflix will report their earnings. L Brands jumped $4.75, or 11 percent, to $47.85 after it reported strong March sales. Bed Bath & Beyond surpassed analysts' earnings estimates and climbed $1.28, or 3.4 percent, to $39.08. Department stores and mall-based retailers like Kohl's, Nordstrom and Gap traded higher. Discount retailers Fred's and Five Below made hefty gains after Fred's announced its own quarterly results. Retail stocks have been hit hard for months as shoppers spend more money online and less at stores, especially ones based in malls. Bond prices recovered from an early decline. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.34 percent. Companies that pay big dividends, like phone companies and utilities, traded lower. Investors often sell those stocks when bond yields rise, as they did earlier in the day. Most Popular 1 Woman in drug-related crash gets prison time 2 20 experiences every Capital Region kid should have before... 3 A.M. Roundup: That sound? Oh, that was the budget talks... 4 2017's academic rankings of New York's top public colleges 5 Troopers say they caught man with 6 pounds of pot 6 Payless files Chapter 11, closing two area stores 7 Warrant Wednesday: Troopers hunt for alleged drug smuggler View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Traders Are Worried About China Local Government Debt Again Bloomberg News April 6, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT April 6, 2017, 11:44 PM EDT Demand for the bonds wanes on angst Beijing pulling support China saw the first LGFV credit rating downgrade this week The scent of doom is returning to China’s local government bond market. S&P Global Ratings pulled the trigger on the first ever downgrade of a Chinese local-government financing vehicle Thursday, citing the city in eastern Jiangsu province’s high debt burden. Traders and analysts are uneasy as well, with 18 of 29 polled in a Bloomberg News survey saying they’d sooner buy corporate debt than LGFV bonds. Concern Beijing is trying to wean local bodies off their support is quelling demand for the debt, with the yield premium on LGFV notes versus company bonds swelling to near the most since March 2014. “Now, we can’t buy LGFV bonds with our eyes closed,” said Deng Rui, chief investment officer for fixed income at Changjiang Securities Co. in Beijing. “We have adjusted our portfolio to start buying more corporate bonds.” This new-found anxiety is a blow to a market that had started to recover in 2016 from the liability web that entangled local governments and their financing vehicles after 2008. Despite not seeing any defaults, LGFV bonds became the poster children for China’s ballooning debt problem. For many investors, the debt is symbolic of the country’s excesses in the wake of the global financial crisis, when municipalities -- barred from issuing bonds on their own -- used the vehicles as a way of meeting funding shortfalls. In 2015, Beijing stepped in with a new budget law and debt swap program to ease the LGFV debt burden. But that support can no longer be assured. Local governments aren’t responsible for repaying debt issued by their financing arms or other state-owned companies, the Ministry of Finance said in a statement Nov. 4. S&P interpreted this as China signaling there won’t be direct bailouts. LGFVs are facing funding hurdles both onshore and offshore this year because of the shift in government policy, according to Ivan Chung, head of Greater China credit research at Moody’s Investors Service. Maturing Debt The funding vehicles have 5.5 trillion yuan ($797 billion) of bonds outstanding, of which about 888 billion yuan matures this year, according to Bloomberg-compiled data. Domestic sales fell to 174 billion yuan last quarter, and overseas issuance was below expectations, with six sales of only $1.2 billion, versus 21 deals worth $5.3 billion in the fourth quarter. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up There’s likely to be more downgrades of LGFV ratings after S&P made the first move, according to Anne Zhang, executive director at the private banking arm of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in Hong Kong. Weak revenue growth amid persistently strong infrastructure investment by Lianyungang City was behind the one-notch cut to construction services provider Jiangsu NewHeadline Development Group’s rating, S&P said Thursday. The LGFV is owned by Lianyungang City. Lianyungang Port Group, another financing vehicle from the same city, is currently meeting investors over a dollar bond, people familiar with the matter said this week. The spread between onshore LGFV bonds and other corporate notes will widen more this year, especially when it comes to weaker-quality financing vehicles, said Gao Zhigang, a fixed-income analyst at Tianfeng Securities Co. in Shanghai. LGFV bond yields rose above those for corporate debt at the start of the year as investors became more confident about company earnings. Aggregate profits for China-listed firms grew 14 percent in 2016, up from 10 percent in 2015, according to Bloomberg data. Support ‘Fading’ “Overseas investors are also growing more wary of the LGFV bonds sold in the offshore market,” said Chung from Moody’s in Hong Kong. “This is because of their poor financials, and also because we are going to reach the end of the three-year swap program, which means government support is fading.” Chinese authorities embarked on a local-government debt swap program in 2015, refinancing 15.4 trillion yuan of non-bond debt including LGFV obligations with municipal bonds. People are worried the swap price for existing LGFV bonds will be lower than market prices, which has led some to exit early, said Zhang Xu, chief fixed-income analyst at China Everbright Securities Co in Beijing. “My only concern is market panic if such transactions were to happen,” he said “Because there is no playbook, there is a lot of speculation on the swap price.” — With assistance by Lianting Tu, Xize Kang, Ling Zeng, and Jing Zhao Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Here's What Trump's Syria Strike Did to Markets, as Impact Eases Two of Wall Street's Biggest Names Are Sounding the Alarm on the U.S. Economy ICE Agents Go From Friend to Foe Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Cohn Backs Wall Street Split of Lending, Investment Banks Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe The Trouble With Justifying Bombardier's Executive Pay U.S. Launches Missile Attack Against Syria Why Trump Is Meeting Xi in Florida, Not Washington Tillerson Says Assad Is Responsible for Chemical Attack Jack Lew Says Stakes Are High for Trump-Xi Meeting GOP Launches 'Nuclear Option' to Confirm Judge Gorsuch Cohn Said to Back Split of Lending, Investment Banks Trump Urges World to Join U.S. in Ending Terrorism Stakes Are High for Xi, Trump Meeting What Trump's Climate Policies Mean For Global Warming How to Trade Amazon The Trouble With Justifying Bombardier's Executive Pay 6:47 PM EDT April 6, 2017 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp When a company accepts a public bailout, the rules change. Bombardier didn't get the memo. Bloomberg News Reporter Anders Melin talks to Pat Kiernan on Bloomberg North about the public fury over executive compensation at Bombardier, and whether the decision to delay pay raises goes far enough. (Source: Bloomberg) Most Recent Videos How the Attack on Syria May Impact U.S. Treasuries Zypries Says Germany to Weather Brexit JPMorgan Chase's Frenkel Says Everyone Loses in Trade War BMO Capital's Gallo Says Dollar-Yen Is Attractive Citigroup's Chua Says Reflation Trade Isn't Dead Yet April 7, 2017 Mintz Group's Phillips Calls U.S. Strike Proportional 07:37 - Mintz Group Partner Randal Phillips weighs in on the U.S. missile attack against Syria. He speaks on "Bloomberg Markets." (Source: Bloomberg) April 7, 2017 Here's How U.S. Missile Strike Might Impact Oil April 7, 2017 Australia PM Turnbull Supports Swift, Just U.S. Response April 7, 2017 Here's What We Know About the U.S.-Syria Missile Strike Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
DailyTimes | Financial institutions risk 24% revenue loss from fintech: PwC Toggle navigation    Home Pakistan World Business Sport Life & Style Opinion Blogs Features Today's Paper E-PAPER Archives Financial institutions risk 24% revenue loss from fintech: PwC By:   agencies 07-Apr-17 159 Top News Bundesliga hot-shots face off in ‘Der Klassiker’ 07-Apr-17 120 MUNICH: Strikers Robert Lewand ... Roy Hodgson joins Melbourne City’s backroom staff 07-Apr-17 130 MELBOURNE: Former England mana ... NEW YORK: Large financial institutions across the world could lose 24 percent of their revenues to financial technology companies over the next three to five years, according to a new study by PricewaterhouseCoopers. Of the more than 1300 financial industry executives polled by the professional services firm, 88 percent said they feared their business was at risk to standalone financial technology companies in areas such as payments, money transfers and personal finance, the study found. In banking specifically, consumer services such as personal loans, were seen as most at risk, according to PwC's annual Global FinTech Report published on Wednesday. The report came as banks and other large financial firms face growing competition from a young cohort of companies that take advantage of new technologies to offer better digital services to customers, in areas ranging from financial advice to life insurance. To counter the threat, financial institutions expected to increase their collaboration with fintech companies, with 82 percent of respondents saying partnerships with tech-savvy firms would increase over the next three to five years, the PwC report found. To improve their digital offering and remain competitive, large firms have been looking to work more closely with young technology companies through a number of initiatives such as corporate venture arms and innovation centres. In his annual shareholder letter published on Tuesday, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive Jamie Dimon highlighted some of the bank's most recent collaborations with fintech companies in areas including mortgages, small business lending and payments. While collaboration is on the rise, entrepreneurs and executives often note that several hurdles are hindering more effective cooperation. IT security, regulatory uncertainty and differences in management and culture, were cited by respondents to PwC's report as major challenges hindering partnerships. In particular, data privacy rules, as well as anti-money laundering and know-your-customer rules were seen as the biggest regulatory barriers to developing more innovative services. The report also highlighted how interest in record-keeping technology blockchain continues to grow in finance, with investments in blockchain companies growing 79 percent year over year in 2016 to $450 million (£360.81 million). While adoption of the nascent technology is not expected to happen quickly, the survey found 55 percent of respondents planned to adopt it by next year, and 77 percent by 2020.  Sunday Magazine sunday magazine aaj kal Business Plus TGIF Zaiqa TV Company Financials Investor Information Contact us Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions © 2017 DailyTimes - ALL RIGHTS RESERVED Powered By opustech.co
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alliance Data Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Shares Sold by Hills Bank & Trust Co. Hefty Wealth Partners Invests $146,000 in CSX Co. (CSX) International Paper Co (IP) Position Boosted by Hefty Wealth Partners Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Stake Held by LifePlan Financial Group Inc LifePlan Financial Group Inc Has $189,000 Position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Hefty Wealth Partners Has $215,000 Stake in Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Hefty Wealth Partners Decreases Position in CME Group Inc (CME) DTE Energy Co (DTE) Stake Increased by LifePlan Financial Group Inc Timken Co (TKR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set VCA Inc (WOOF) PT at $87.00 Analysts Set Radware Ltd. (RDWR) Price Target at $17.30 Software AG (STWRY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Receives $46.20 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Shares Bought by Trust Co Magna International (MGA) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Invesco Senior Income Trust (vvr) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 on April 28th Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hills Bank & Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) by 6.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 4,959 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 279 shares during the period. Hills Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings in Alliance Data Systems were worth $1,235,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in ADS. ValueAct Holdings L.P. raised its stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems by 52.1% in the third quarter. ValueAct Holdings L.P. now owns 5,000,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,072,650,000 after buying an additional 1,712,090 shares during the last quarter. Ruffer LLP purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth about $136,114,000. Sustainable Growth Advisers LP purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the third quarter worth about $109,860,000. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth about $79,830,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth about $48,066,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.75% of the company’s stock. Shares of Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) traded up 1.24% during trading on Thursday, hitting $253.36. The stock had a trading volume of 422,166 shares. The stock has a market cap of $14.17 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.52 and a beta of 1.65. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $244.16 and its 200-day moving average price is $227.02. Alliance Data Systems Co. has a one year low of $185.02 and a one year high of $254.94. Alliance Data Systems (NYSE:ADS) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $4.67 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.66 by $0.01. Alliance Data Systems had a net margin of 7.23% and a return on equity of 54.59%. The firm earned $1.83 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.94 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $4.13 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Alliance Data Systems Co. will post $18.50 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 15th were issued a $0.52 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.82%. Alliance Data Systems’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 28.42%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/hills-bank-trust-co-raises-position-in-alliance-data-systems-co-ads.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on ADS. TheStreet lowered Alliance Data Systems from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Alliance Data Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $260.00 to $255.00 in a report on Friday, December 9th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered Alliance Data Systems from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alliance Data Systems in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered Alliance Data Systems from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $241.09. In other Alliance Data Systems news, SVP Laura Santillan sold 2,784 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $246.43, for a total value of $686,061.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Roger H. Ballou sold 648 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $225.71, for a total transaction of $146,260.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders purchased 477,600 shares of company stock valued at $108,498,272 and sold 6,882 shares valued at $1,685,575. 2.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Alliance Data Systems Alliance Data Systems Corporation is a provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions serving consumer-based businesses in a range of industries. The Company offers a portfolio of integrated outsourced marketing solutions, including customer loyalty programs, database marketing services, end-to-end marketing services, analytics and creative services, direct marketing services, and private label and co-brand retail credit card programs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS). Receive News & Ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alliance Data Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Paradigm Financial Advisors LLC Maintains Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Shares Sold by Hills Bank & Trust Co. Hefty Wealth Partners Invests $146,000 in CSX Co. (CSX) International Paper Co (IP) Position Boosted by Hefty Wealth Partners Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Stake Held by LifePlan Financial Group Inc LifePlan Financial Group Inc Has $189,000 Position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Hefty Wealth Partners Has $215,000 Stake in Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Hefty Wealth Partners Decreases Position in CME Group Inc (CME) DTE Energy Co (DTE) Stake Increased by LifePlan Financial Group Inc Timken Co (TKR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set VCA Inc (WOOF) PT at $87.00 Analysts Set Radware Ltd. (RDWR) Price Target at $17.30 Software AG (STWRY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Receives $46.20 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Shares Bought by Trust Co Magna International (MGA) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Invesco Senior Income Trust (vvr) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 on April 28th Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hills Bank & Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) by 6.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 4,959 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 279 shares during the period. Hills Bank & Trust Co.’s holdings in Alliance Data Systems were worth $1,235,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in ADS. ValueAct Holdings L.P. raised its stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems by 52.1% in the third quarter. ValueAct Holdings L.P. now owns 5,000,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,072,650,000 after buying an additional 1,712,090 shares during the last quarter. Ruffer LLP purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth about $136,114,000. Sustainable Growth Advisers LP purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the third quarter worth about $109,860,000. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth about $79,830,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Alliance Data Systems during the fourth quarter worth about $48,066,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.75% of the company’s stock. Shares of Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS) traded up 1.24% during trading on Thursday, hitting $253.36. The stock had a trading volume of 422,166 shares. The stock has a market cap of $14.17 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.52 and a beta of 1.65. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $244.16 and its 200-day moving average price is $227.02. Alliance Data Systems Co. has a one year low of $185.02 and a one year high of $254.94. Alliance Data Systems (NYSE:ADS) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $4.67 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.66 by $0.01. Alliance Data Systems had a net margin of 7.23% and a return on equity of 54.59%. The firm earned $1.83 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.94 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $4.13 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Alliance Data Systems Co. will post $18.50 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 17th. Investors of record on Wednesday, February 15th were issued a $0.52 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 13th. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.82%. Alliance Data Systems’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 28.42%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/hills-bank-trust-co-raises-position-in-alliance-data-systems-co-ads-2.html. A number of research firms have weighed in on ADS. TheStreet lowered Alliance Data Systems from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Alliance Data Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the stock from $260.00 to $255.00 in a report on Friday, December 9th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lowered Alliance Data Systems from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Barclays PLC restated a “buy” rating on shares of Alliance Data Systems in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered Alliance Data Systems from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $241.09. In other Alliance Data Systems news, SVP Laura Santillan sold 2,784 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $246.43, for a total value of $686,061.12. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Roger H. Ballou sold 648 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $225.71, for a total transaction of $146,260.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders purchased 477,600 shares of company stock valued at $108,498,272 and sold 6,882 shares valued at $1,685,575. 2.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Alliance Data Systems Alliance Data Systems Corporation is a provider of data-driven marketing and loyalty solutions serving consumer-based businesses in a range of industries. The Company offers a portfolio of integrated outsourced marketing solutions, including customer loyalty programs, database marketing services, end-to-end marketing services, analytics and creative services, direct marketing services, and private label and co-brand retail credit card programs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alliance Data Systems Co. (NYSE:ADS). Receive News & Ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alliance Data Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hefty Wealth Partners Invests $146,000 in CSX Co. (CSX) International Paper Co (IP) Position Boosted by Hefty Wealth Partners Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Stake Held by LifePlan Financial Group Inc LifePlan Financial Group Inc Has $189,000 Position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Hefty Wealth Partners Has $215,000 Stake in Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Hefty Wealth Partners Decreases Position in CME Group Inc (CME) DTE Energy Co (DTE) Stake Increased by LifePlan Financial Group Inc Timken Co (TKR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set VCA Inc (WOOF) PT at $87.00 Analysts Set Radware Ltd. (RDWR) Price Target at $17.30 Software AG (STWRY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Receives $46.20 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Shares Bought by Trust Co Magna International (MGA) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Invesco Senior Income Trust (vvr) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.02 on April 28th Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Sold by West Oak Capital LLC McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Boosted by West Oak Capital LLC Acropolis Investment Management LLC Has $892,000 Position in Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Position Decreased by Acropolis Investment Management LLC LifePlan Financial Group Inc Has $189,000 Position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) April 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet LifePlan Financial Group Inc continued to hold its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 12,465 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the first quarter. LifePlan Financial Group Inc’s holdings in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. were worth $189,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. US Bancorp DE boosted its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 364.1% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,854 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 3,808 shares during the last quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 56.0% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 8,358 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the last quarter. Independent Order of Foresters boosted its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 108.7% in the fourth quarter. Independent Order of Foresters now owns 9,291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $176,000 after buying an additional 4,840 shares during the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc acquired a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter worth about $200,000. Finally, Amica Mutual Insurance Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter worth about $226,000. 93.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) traded up 0.41% on Thursday, hitting $14.57. 624,820 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is $1.01 billion. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 52-week low of $13.76 and a 52-week high of $25.67. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $15.51 and its 200-day moving average price is $18.67. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.57 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.42. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative net margin of 6.65% and a negative return on equity of 3.62%. The firm had revenue of $104.86 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $63.37 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.58 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.11) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 1st were issued a $0.21 dividend. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.77%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 27th. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio is currently -133.33%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/06/lifeplan-financial-group-inc-has-189000-position-in-pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on PEI shares. TheStreet cut shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Stifel Nicolaus cut shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $27.00 to $22.00 in a report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued a “sell” rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $21.00. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Company Profile Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is an integrated, self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company has a primary investment focus on retail shopping malls located in the eastern half of the United States. It is engaged in the ownership, management, leasing, acquisition, redevelopment, development and disposition of shopping malls. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI). Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 67 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM APR 7, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 7, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 67 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Stocks up as retailers and smaller companies rise By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Apr 06 2017 03:54PM    •    Last Updated Apr 06 2017 03:54 pm In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Global stocks traded in narrow ranges Thursday, April 6, 2017, as investors nervously awaited the first meeting between President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, a day after minutes to the last meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve showed policymakers discussing how to unwind crisis-era policy measures. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Global stocks traded in narrow ranges Thursday, April 6, 2017, as investors nervously awaited the first meeting between President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, a day after minutes to the last meeting of the U.S. Federal Reserve showed policymakers discussing how to unwind crisis-era policy measures. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks inched higher Thursday as smaller retailers and banks traded higher and energy companies rose with fuel prices. Once again, the market was unable to hang on to more substantial gains from earlier in the day. Strong reports from companies including L Brands, the parent of Victoria's Secret, and Bed Bath & Beyond helped retailers. Energy companies rose with the prices of oil and natural gas, and banks recovered some of the sharp losses they took a day ago. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 98 points early in the afternoon. However high-dividend stocks like phone companies and utilities skidded and technology companies also fell. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist for U.S. Bank Wealth Management, said investors are feeling uncertain, and that may hold true for at least a few weeks. After a weak auto sales report on Monday, he said investors are wondering how fast the economy is growing and what that will mean for company earnings. "We expect volatility to be higher than what we experienced in the first quarter," he said. It was the second day in a row that stocks slumped during afternoon trading, although the slip Thursday was far less dramatic than the one the day before. That slide started after the Federal Reserve said it may stop buying new bonds later this year and said its policymakers were grappling with whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster. The Standard & Poor's 500 index added 4.54 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,357.49. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 14.80 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,662.95. The Nasdaq composite gained 14.47 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,878.95. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks performed far better. It climbed 12.28 points, or 0.9 percent, to 1,364.43. About three-fourths of the stocks on the New York Stock Exchange rose Thursday, but stocks are mostly down this week. The Russell 2000 has fallen 1.6 percent. Investors will get an updated picture of the economy in the coming weeks, including the government's March report on employment Friday. Next week the Commerce Department will give a report on retailer sales and companies including JPMorgan Chase, Delta Air Lines and Netflix will report their earnings. L Brands jumped $4.75, or 11 percent, to $47.85 after it reported strong March sales. Bed Bath & Beyond surpassed analysts' earnings estimates and climbed $1.28, or 3.4 percent, to $39.08. Department stores and mall-based retailers like Kohl's, Nordstrom and Gap traded higher. Discount retailers Fred's and Five Below made hefty gains after Fred's announced its own quarterly results. Retail stocks have been hit hard for months as shoppers spend more money online and less at stores, especially ones based in malls. Bond prices recovered from an early decline. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note stayed at 2.34 percent. Companies that pay big dividends, like phone companies and utilities, traded lower. Investors often sell those stocks when bond yields rise, as they did earlier in the day. U.S. crude oil added 55 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $51.70 a barrel in New York while Brent crude, the international standard, rose 53 cents, or 1 percent, to $54.89 a barrel in London. Wine, liquor and beer maker Constellation Brands jumped after it reported a larger profit and better sales than analysts expected. The company said its beer business, which includes Corona and Modelo, had a strong quarter, and it raised its profit forecast for the year. Its stock gained $10.37, or 6.4 percent, to $171.77. Sunoco climbed after it agreed to sell most of its convenience stores to 7-Eleven. Sunoco will get $3.3 billion and 7-Eleven will acquire 1,100 stores, mostly in the East Coast and Texas. Sunoco also struck a fuel supply deal with a 7-Eleven subsidiary and it plans to sell 200 more convenience stores in a separate deal. Shares of Sunoco jumped $4.83, or 20.2 percent, to $28.69. Consumer products giant Unilever said it will shake up its business after it rejected a $143 billion takeover effort from Kraft Heinz. It plans to sell its spreads business, which makes I Can't Believe It's Not Butter and Country Crock, combine its food and refreshment divisions, and return more than $5 billion to investors by buying back stock and raising its dividend. Its shares gained 44 cents to $49.55. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline added 1 cent to $1.73 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.61 per gallon. Natural gas jumped 7 cents, or 2 percent, to $3.33 per 1,000 cubic feet. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES BYU and UVU scientists question research offered at a conference on the Book of Mormon Top Mormon leaders call caring for the homeless a defining moment Mormon women, others gather at Salt Lake City airport to try 'last-minute save' for woman's deportat Utah Jazz notes: GM Lindsey makes case officiating is disproportionately hurting Jazz Comments: U.S. missile strike after chemical attack is first direct assault on Syrian government ELEVATE You may be procrastinating on your taxes if...   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
About Editorial Staff Advertising Contact Laguna Beach Magazine City Directory Laguna Beach City Guide Laguna Beach City Directory Map Digital City Guide Digital Edition Laguna Beach Indy Laguna Beach Magazine Coastal Real Estate Guide Login LB Blogs — Top Menu —About - Editorial Staff Advertising Contact Laguna Beach Magazine City Directory - Laguna Beach City Guide - Laguna Beach City Directory Map - Digital City Guide Digital Edition - Laguna Beach Indy - Laguna Beach Magazine - Coastal Real Estate Guide Login LB Blogs 949-715-4100 — Main Menu —Home Page One - Letters - Schools - Street Beat - The Lead - Video Arts - Art Seen - Artist Profiles - Getting Out - The Write Stuff Town Crier - Columns - Community Datebook - Limelight - Obituaries Sports - Baseball - Basketball - Cross Country - Cycling - Football - Golf - Soccer - Softball - Surfing & Bodyboarding - Swimming - Tennis - Track - Volleyball - Water Polo Calendar Eat + Drink - Happy Hours - Nutrition - On the Table - Reviews Blogs Home Page One Letters Schools Street Beat The Lead Video Arts Art Seen Artist Profiles Getting Out The Write Stuff Town Crier Columns Community Datebook Limelight Obituaries Sports Baseball Basketball Cross Country Cycling Football Golf Soccer Softball Surfing & Bodyboarding Swimming Tennis Track Volleyball Water Polo Calendar Eat + Drink Happy Hours Nutrition On the Table Reviews Blogs LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Artist Applauds More Professional Scrutiny of Public Art Route Changes Impact South Laguna Riders Is Rent Control an Option? Reaction to 45 Overcoming a Physical Challenge Cartoon Broader Definition of Historic Resources Amounts to Power Creep Report Establishes a Baseline Rather Than Studies Impact Spiny Lobster Population Rebounds Katie Cracks the Cinderella Code Taking Stock Posted On 06 Apr 2017 By : Tony Crowell Comment: 0 Tony Crowell Market Tuning Beats Market Timing The financial media pump up fear and greed, often agitating investors to trade on emotions. This week, Tesla (TSLA-$297) hit a hot streak on news suggesting eventual profits. This sparked the rookies into thinking that it was time to get into the game. Maybe, but successful investing demands longer-range perspectives. Investors who want to be players fail when they succumb to the media and treat the stock market as a big casino. Casinos are designed to create attention, excitement and false hopes of people looking for a quick profit. So were brokerage offices for many years with ticker tapes, messengers, bells, and pneumatic tubes whistling orders overhead. TV has taken over these dubious responsibilities. I hope no reader believes that Warren Buffett’s investment record comes from reactions to headline news. He studies financial reports in his calm office while listening to classical music and drinking Cherry Cokes. Tesla is up 40% this year despite a few “Sell” recommendations. Its stock capitalization has passed Ford (F-$11) even though Ford sold 60 times more cars last year. Their founders, Elon Musk and Henry Ford, succeeded despite many speed bumps. Mr. Ford’s first company, the Detroit Automobile Company, failed in a couple of years. He tried again with 12 investors in 1903 and the Ford Motor Company prospered. Sophisticated venture capitalists know that new ventures often need more rounds of cash. Amateur venture capitalists should realize that they are like the small stakes gamblers who are stuck with the lounge acts in the casinos rather than big stars. If they want some Tesla stock, fine, but they should try to view this as part of their overall finances, possibly by also owning Ford or my preferred buy, General Motors (GM-$34). We are enjoying a sustained market uptrend, fueled by beliefs or hopes that the new Administration will enact pro-business policy changes. Jamie Dion, CEO of my favorite bank stock, JPMorgan Chase (JPM-$86), agreed in his annual letter with several of President’s Trumps goals such as cutting corporate taxes and pruning “unnecessary” regulations, but differed on immigration, trade policies with Mexico and China, the environment and defense spending. If differences widen with the corporate communities, the immediate premise of the market’s advance may weaken. Its momentum is strong. The Dow Jones Industrial closed the March quarter up 5%, its sixth straight quarterly gain and the best such streak in over ten years. It got double-digit help from Apple (AAPL-$143) and Visa (V-$89), which have staked out very large and growing market positions. Amazon (AMZN-$895), which recently rang up six straight record stock prices, is another standout. Such stocks should be the nuclei of stock portfolios, particularly as the market’s gains are getting ahead of underlying earnings. The “Shiller CAPE” ratio, created by Nobel Laureate Robert Shiller, is troubling. This uses inflation-adjusted stock prices divided by a 10-year average of real earnings. It is not a market timing indicator but is valuable in tuning portfolios. The historical average since 1881 is 15 and it is currently almost 30. It was higher only in 1929 and in 2000, both periods followed by sharp market declines. Currently, the ten-year earnings average includes the depressed years after 2007, which will drop out lowering the average to some extent. There are also signs of economic recoveries that would bolster earnings, but the heightened ratio now emphasizes the need to tune stock portfolios toward companies like those mentioned earlier that can produce exceptionally strong earnings growth. I’m adding BlackRock (BLK-$383), as its earnings strengthen. It is the world’s largest investment manager with over $5 trillion in assets under management. Its stability will build more growth as global volatility persists. Tony Crowell manages stock portfolios for individuals and their trust and retirement accounts with CROWELL•ROBERTS Investment Counsel, a registered investment advisor in Laguna Beach since 1995. [email protected] 949.494.1376/800.697.2622 www.crowellroberts.com About the Author Previous Story Museum Exhibits its Collection and Visual Poetry Next Story Heart Talk Leave a Reply Cancel reply Name * Email * Website Join the Local's List For Email Newsletters you can trust. Copyright 2017 Firebrand Media LLC | Laguna Beach Independent Newspaper | All Right Reserved.
Keller Rohrback L.L.P. Investigating Allegations that Wells Fargo Merchant Services L.L.C. Charged Improper Fees to Small Businesses Keller Rohrback L.L.P. is investigating claims that Wells Fargo's merchant services arm charged improper fees for its credit card-processing services. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Keller Rohrback L.L.P. is investigating claims that Wells Fargo's merchant services arm charged improper fees for its credit card-processing services. (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 06, 2017 05:24 PM Eastern Daylight Time SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Attorney Advertising. National consumer class action firm Keller Rohrback L.L.P. is investigating claims that Wells Fargo’s merchant services arm charged improper fees for its credit card-processing services. Merchant services firms, including Wells Fargo Merchant Services, L.L.C., provide credit card readers to businesses and charge fees for processing credit card transactions. As reported, a “Wells Fargo internal probe found some employees had falsely reported customer sales numbers” and pressured businesses into expensive contracts to meet sales goals. According to online reviews, Wells Fargo and First Data Corporation (Wells Fargo’s card-processing partner) are known for using a billing technique called enhanced billback. Under the practice, a processor will charge a flat-rate fee for all transactions in a month, but then the next month will add to the customer’s bill charges for higher fees for some of the prior month’s “non-qualifying” transactions. Enhanced billback is also known as enhanced reduced recovery, blended rate, or mixed rate. At Wells Fargo, it appears the practice is referred to as charging a “non-qualified” fee: “a fee generated when a transaction does not qualify at the expected level because it does not meet” credit card company requirements. According to the website Cardfellow.com, “Wells Fargo Merchant Services is responsible for some of the highest rates and fees we have ever seen in the ten years we’ve been helping businesses secure the most competitive credit card processing company.” Recent reports suggest that this practice could be widespread at Wells Fargo, and may be the result of a flawed compensation model that rewarded employees who could demonstrate high billback rates. If you or your small business has a Wells Fargo Merchant Services, L.L.C. account and would like to know about your potential claims, please contact Keller Rohrback. About Keller Rohrback Keller Rohrback L.L.P. is a leader in representing consumers in class action lawsuits in diverse areas such as health and retirement plans, vehicles, children’s products, mortgage modifications, financial fraud and mismanagement, and data breaches. Keller Rohrback L.L.P. has recovered more than $18 billion for its clients. The firm’s record of success includes settlements against JP Morgan Chase, Mattel, Crayola, and Anthem Health Insurance. Recently, managing partner Lynn Sarko was appointed to the Plaintiffs’ Steering Committee in the landmark Volkswagen “Clean Diesel” litigation. With offices in Seattle, Phoenix, New York, Ronan, Oakland, and Santa Barbara, Keller Rohrback L.L.P. serves as lead and co-lead counsel in class actions throughout the country. Our Complex Litigation Group is proud to offer its expertise to clients nationwide, and our trial lawyers have obtained judgments and settlements on behalf of clients in excess of eighteen billion dollars. More about the law firm and its successes can be found at www.krcomplexlit.com. or connect with us on Facebook, Twitter or LinkedIn. Attorney Advertising. Prior results do not guarantee a similar outcome. Not licensed to practice law in all States. Please refer to our website for details. The choice of a lawyer is an important decision and should not be based solely upon advertisement. Contacts Keller Rohrback L.L.P. Derek W. Loeser, Gretchen Freeman Cappio, Matthew J. Preusch, Attorneys 1201 Third Avenue, Suite 3200 Seattle, WA 98101 800-776-6044 info@kellerrohrback.com www.krcomplexlit.com Contacts Keller Rohrback L.L.P. Derek W. Loeser, Gretchen Freeman Cappio, Matthew J. Preusch, Attorneys 1201 Third Avenue, Suite 3200 Seattle, WA 98101 800-776-6044 info@kellerrohrback.com www.krcomplexlit.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports My Success Story CNBC Upstart 25 CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities SXSW Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Goldman says weather may have wiped out 60,000 jobs from March employment report Patti Domm | @pattidomm 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters March jobs cuts up 17%: Report    19 Hours Ago | 02:44 Weather may have been messing with this winter's jobs data in a big way. Goldman Sachs economists forecast 170,000 jobs were created in March, but they say that number could have been 30,000 to 60,000 higher were it not for the weather. March's employment report is released Friday morning at 8:30 a.m. ET. There were 235,000 jobs added in February, and Goldman economists say that unseasonably warm weather in that month could have been responsible for boosting payroll growth by 30,000 to 50,000 jobs. Wall Street's consensus forecast is 180,000 for March, according to Thomson Reuters. Other firms also have lower forecasts for nonfarm payrolls due to weather considerations. UBS is at 155,000, and JPMorgan Chase economists expect 140,000 nonfarm payrolls. The Goldman Sachs economists note that labor market fundamentals remain strong and that different measures, like the Conference Board labor market differential, are at cycle highs. That differential shows that workers haven't been this confident about the job market since the year 2001. "However, we believe the sharp drop in temperatures and the early-month winter storms will depress payroll growth in weather-sensitive categories. Winter Storm Stella impacted the Midwest and East Coast early in the payroll survey week — and much of the snow that accumulated during the storm did not melt until Thursday or Friday. We believe the weather impact could be particularly large in comparison to February, which was marked by unseasonably warm weather and limited snowfall," the economists wrote. Watch: Will jobs report drive stocks? show chapters Will the jobs report provide a new reason to buy stocks?    Wednesday, 5 Apr 2017 | 3:37 PM ET | 03:10 Patti DommCNBC Markets Editor To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
More Stations By Location Arizona California Connecticut Florida Georgia Illinois Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Nevada New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Washington Washington, D.C. SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS Sponsored By FacebookTwitterTuneIn Home Blogs Nathan Sybil Tanner Playlist Contests Photos Events Video Boeing Is Moving To Plano, Texas April 6, 2017 3:31 PM Filed Under: Boeing, Collin County, legacy west, moving, Plano Texas (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images) Another big company is headed to Plano, Texas. Boeing is relocating to Legacy West at 121 and the Toll Road, specifically in the Legacy Urban Village which also includes apartments. Now, they won’t be building new 737s here. The company is actually opening up a new division of the business that includes global services. Boeing’s Division President Stan Deal said… “We have a fixed focus on serving our customers worldwide, and this location assists in our mission of providing uncompromising service worldwide.” Boeing is the fifth company to jump on the Plano bandwagon. Other big companies included in the 250 acre development are Toyota, FedEx, JPMorgan Chase, and Liberty Mutual Insurance. This is great news for the Texas economy, however, you can probably expect a lot more traffic and future highway construction. Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Listen Live Follow Us On FacebookTwitterTuneInSign Up for Newsletters More From AMP 1037 Play.It Radio.com App Follow Us FacebookTwitterTuneIn Shows Nathan Fast Sybil Summers Tanner Kloven Listen Live Smooth Jazz 103.7 HD2 Home Page Events Music Corporate CBS Radio Public File ©2017 CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP By viewing our video content, you are accepting the terms of our Video Services Policy Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Use EEO Reports Your California Privacy Policy Mobile User Agreement Listen Live Advertise On Our Streams
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) US missiles blast Syria; Trump demands 'end the slaughter' News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories STRIKE HITS SyriaN BASE Chemical attack probe aided by presence of victims in Turkey Nunes steps away from Russia probe White House backs away from Baltimore reform Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Beal helps Wizards beat Knicks again Bizarre play rallies Cubs Islanders keep faint playoff hopes alive Noteworthy Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Twitter challenges U.S. order Soft sales plague margarine makers Retail helps boost stocks More NY farmers eyeing soy, not corn Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Trans-Siberian Orchestra's Paul O'Neill dies at 61 Good things to do for the week ahead 22 things to do this weekend People in the news: Pepsi pulls Kendall Jenner ad Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Bon Jovi postpones NYC shows Deeds & Deals DeGeneres, de Rossi retreat from their getaway Fruits and veggies: The Dirty Dozen and the Clean 15 Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Second Phase of Madison Avenue Construction Presented at Public Poll: Should pediatricians be concerned about what you’re Heastie: Budget talks are down to school funding details Judge sets Oct. 30 as start date for pay-to-play trial TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ 1624 Keepsake Challenge evolves Churchill: Shen vote was a victory for honesty Campus watch: Mike D'Amario thriving with Virginia lacrosse Outdoors: Remembering the Mohawk-Hudson trail's pioneer Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Deeds & Deals DeGeneres, de Rossi retreat from their getaway Co-working spaces gain foothold in Capital Region Deeds & Deals Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Kohl’s: 30% off + $10 off girl’s and men’s wear Wedding registry freebies and retail deals Have you tried Ebates? Sign up and get a $10 bonus Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/living/article/Deeds-Deals-11056030.php Deeds & Deals Published 4:59 pm, Thursday, April 6, 2017 Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 2 Balmain Court, Saratoga Springs, $1,200,000 (Realtor.com) 2 Balmain Court, Saratoga Springs, $1,200,000 (Realtor.com) Image 2 of 2 25 Main St., Cohoes, $29,000 (Realtor.com) 25 Main St., Cohoes, $29,000 (Realtor.com) Deeds & Deals 1 / 2 Back to Gallery Albany County Albany Ryan Collins and Austina Collins bought property on 23 S. Lake Ave. from Joann Crupi for $241,000. Jonathan Eisenberg bought property on 140 Rosemont St. from Michael Alvaro III for $225,000. Sumbel Mansha and Rabeel Sadiq bought property on 47 Kelton Court from Rachel Lugo for $211,120. Antonio Bazzoffi bought property on 10 Gingerbread Lane from William Saint Onge, trustee, for $206,000. William Karins and Linda Karins bought property on 13 Highland Court from John Jubert and Guy Jubert, trustees, for $205,000. Erin Fox and Samantha Fox bought property on 44 Wood Terrace from James Stanton for $191,900. More Information High & Low Each Sunday, the Times Union publishes a list of recent property transfers in Albany, Saratoga, Schenectady and Rensselaer counties. We will highlight some of the most expensive and least expensive sales that include a residence. Balmain Court, Saratoga Springs, $1.2 million 25 Main St., Cohoes, $29,000 Megan Mastin bought property on 11 Glendale Ave. from Jamie Fader and Christopher Kelly for $178,000. Joseph Jackson and Diane Wills bought property on 67 Lowell St. from Frederick Holdings Inc. for $173,500. Joseph Balestriere and Christopher Balestriere bought property on 16 Alden Ave. from Amelia Whalen for $154,000. Thomas Giedraitis bought property on 107 Lark St. from Benchmark Properties of Albany LLC for $149,000. Joseph Salva and Valerie Albert bought property on 196 Morton Ave. from Patricia Perazelli for $117,500. Siyu Li bought property on 39 Point of Woods Drive from Douglas Sack, administrator, for $107,000. Faisal Ahmad bought property on 192 S. Pine Ave. from Nationstar Mortgage LLC for $65,100. Simon Davis bought property on 3 S. Dove St. from PHH Mortgage Co. for $41,500. Yasmin Abdul-Jabar bought property on 402 Second Ave. from Federal National Mortgage Association for $41,200. Bethlehem Daniel Nester and Maisie Weissman bought property on 25 Douglas Road from John Oberlander and Mary Quinlan for $358,496. Cynthia Asmus bought property on 30 Flanders Lane from John Paul Builders LLC for $319,804. Carl Kidd and Kristin Kidd bought property on 536 Sibley Place from Michael Bredderman for $210,000. Lorraine Tierney bought property on 15 Regina Court from Elison Weis for $127,732. Dania Flores bought property on 15 Thatcher St. from Wells Fargo Bank NA for $100,000. Cohoes Nicholas Bloomingdale and Amanda Bloomingdale bought property on 79 Meadowlark Drive from Jessica Kirk for $158,866. Gregory Mollnow bought property on 10 Imperial Ave. from Justin Wojcik for $128,260. Heshmat Nasri bought property on 25 Main St. from Deutsche Bank National Trust Co., trustee, for $29,000. Colonie Arun Raj and Surekha Varkey bought property on 11 Sutton Drive from ECA Development-1 LLC for $439,957. Mikhail Yefimenko and Tracy Didio bought property on 8 Fox Chase Drive from Ralph Ferrara, trustee, for $380,000. Zulaika Awoliyi and Oba Awoliyi bought property on 5 Bedford Drive from Sarah Mitchell for $269,900. Brendan Ensor and Samantha Damiano bought property on 11 E. Loudonwood Ave. from Peter Sanchez for $259,896. Syem Mohammad, Mobashir Nayeem and Ramzi Nayeem bought property on 18 Cortland Drive from Catherine Glennon, executrix, for $225,000. Thomas Pearsall and Jennifer Pearsall bought property on 24 N. Lyons Ave. from Joanne Schrader for $198,500. Michael Rossi bought property on 1 Weed Road from Lindsi Shalhoub for $192,500. Thomas Marr and Nicole McGraw bought property on 36 Lora Lee Drive from Top Dog Enterprises LLC for $178,000. Dawn Baker bought property on 27 Oakwood Drive from Paul Wozniak, Alan Wozniak and Laura Face for $175,000. Dirk Visker bought property on 10 Knob Hill Road from Juanita Palen-Onofre, trustee, for $169,900. Jessica Flynn bought property on 209 Eighth Ave. from William Flynn Jr. Karen Corkum, Thomas Flynn and Susan Natarelli-DeAngelis, trustees, for $160,000. Rachael Mann bought property on 42 Mordella Road from Laurie DelSanto for $150,000. Leighann Libertucci bought property on 15 Harriet St. from John MacDuff Jr. for $140,000. Green Island Michael Alix and Amy Alix bought property on 43 and 45 George St. from Marlene Behnke, administrator, for $184,900. Guilderland Richard Levy and Susan Krausz bought property on 330 Highgate Drive from Leslie Mahoney for $372,000. Sanela Cecunjanin bought property on 7074 Suzanne Lane from Deborah Hodge for $189,000. Knox William Curry and Helene Nocera bought property on 1627 Bozenkill Road from Michael Aveyard and Karen Aveyard for $275,000. Watervliet Alexis Rivera and Elizabeth Glassanos bought property on 16 Glen Ave. from Ellen Fogarty for $169,600. Rensselaer County Brunswick Christopher Daley bought property on 688 Tamarac Road from Robert Alber Jr. and Kathleen Alber for $49,000. Hoosick Megan Hewitt and Lynne Hewitt bought property on 21 Shingle Hollow Road from Lonny Longe for $197,500. Keith Jennings bought property on 31 Hoosick St. from Terrence Roche for $100,700. North Greenbush Robert Cardona and Sandra Cardona bought property on 5 Haywood Lane from HH at Haywood Lane LLC for $548,791. Megan Hale and Laurel Wilson bought property on 18 Mayfair Road from Charles Wagner and Sue Wagner for $300,000. Donald Miller Jr. and Paula Miller bought property on 16 Pheasant Lane from Thomaris Felton and Ellen Felton for $208,000. Brendan Lyons and Kelsey Lyons bought property on 368 Whiteview Road from Winifred Maloney, executrix, John Maloney, Edward Maloney, Thomas Maloney and William Maloney for $190,694. David Cole and Maryrose Cole bought property on 188 Bloomingrove Drive from Karl Miller, trustee, for $160,800. Poestenkill Allan Yetto and Penelope Yetto bought property on 17 Circle Drive from Daniel Connors and Lauren Connors for $157,000. Rensselaer Martin Buchter and Mark Osinsky bought property on 1555 Fourth St. from Harold Gifford for $114,900. Schodack Ryan Palmer and Katie Palmer bought property on 884 VanHoesen Road from E.W. Birch Builders and Construction Inc. for $249,900. Ryan Noonan and Michelle Noonan bought property on 279 N. Schodack Road from Robert Willbrant for $165,000. Troy Diana Cretella bought property on 226 Sixth Ave. from Thomas Zakrzewski Jr. and Kristin Zakrzewski for $111,500. Sivagami Thiagarajan bought property on 2 Marvin Ave. from Thomas Mehner and Arlene Mehner for $90,000. Howard Rosenthal bought property on 736 Third Ave. from John Koletas for $64,000. William Gill and Stephannie Stoyle bought property on 1033 Fifth Ave. from Federal National Mortgage Association for $40,101. Saratoga County Ballston John Tote and Mary Tote bought property on 4 Harvester Way from Legacy Custom Homes LLC for $417,930. Clifton Park Thomas Teaney and Deborah Teaney bought property on 4 Meadow Run from David Pyne III and Mary Pyne-Dedeon, executors, for $324,900. Joan Ostrow bought property on 1 Kain Terrace from Garry Heflin for $314,347. Christopher Voigt bought property on 60 Longwood Drive from Frederick McKeown and Janet McKeown for $285,000. Ashley Walsh bought property on 3 Huntington Parkway from Brian Zink for $285,000. Nicholas Swartz bought property on 23 Northcrest Drive from Patricia Northrup, executrix, for $272,000. Adnan Maqsood and Dessa Adnan bought property on 24 Valencia Lane from National Transfer Services LLC for $257,500. Daniel Garland and Maria Garland bought property on 40 Grissom Drive from Sandra Madigan for $248,000. Derek Bryden and Toni Bryden bought property on 49 Wheeler Drive from Federal National Mortgage Association for $235,000. Keith Arp bought property on 628 Clifton Park Center Road from Christopher Arp, executor, for $217,500. Joseph Galluppi and Monica Prediletto-Galluppi bought property on 4 Tamarack Lane from Anna Lamb and Elaine Alberti for $207,000. Patrick Fiore and Tracy Fiore bought property on 70 Old Coach Road from Jean Palmatier for $167,000. Corinth Steven Treese and Taylor Treese bought property on 49 Locust Ridge Drive from Christopher Hisey and Laura Hisey for $212,000. Otis Scranton and Sally Scranton bought property on 18 Warren St. from Judy Bedore for $127,000. Sean Holmes bought property on 64 Antone Mountain Road from Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for $120,000. Timothy Smith and Nancy Smith bought property on 8 Solar Drive from John Kingsbury, administrator, for $55,000. Pasquale Girard Jr. and Monica Girard bought property on 350 Main St. from JP Morgan Chase Bank NA for $49,000. Greenfield Geoffrey Jones and Jillian Jones bought property on 3483 Boyhaven Road from Donald Sanders and Joy Caver for $79,900. Cody Misener and Rebecca Primm bought property on 427 Wilton Road from Robert West and Heiden Owen-West for $77,000. Halfmoon James Moran II and Debra Boschee bought property on 21 Eleanor Court from Brian Shuman and Doris Shuman for $489,900. Yuji Kageyama and Mee Nah Lim bought property on 39 Howland Park Drive from Marini Land II Inc. for $363,274. Vladislav Shove and Shannon Shove bought property on 35 Algonquin Road from Marjorie Russell for $296,000. Michael Wainwright and Annmarie Dugan bought property on 765 Hudson River Road from Roy Keough and Debra Keough for $293,814. Michael Greco and Michelle Greco bought property on 124 Grenadier Court from Samantha Derby for $130,000. Malta Daniel Flatoff and Lori Flatoff bought property on 140 Thimbleberry Road from Katherina Duval for $190,000. Mechanicville William Mite bought property on 23 Frances St. from Marion Baker for $100,700. Moreau Thomas Tierney Jr. bought property on 1441 and 1442 Route 9 from Denis Daigle for $375,000. William Morehouse and Marsha Morehouse bought property on 211 Lisa Drive from John Newman, Laura Gerace and Robert Newman II, executors for $195,000. Herbert Shippee bought property on 210 Lisa Drive from William Morehouse and Marsha Morehouse for $185,000. Joseph Thornton and Angela Thornton bought property on 16 Pine Road from Patrick MacDougal and Kristy MacDougal for $172,900. Daniel Lombard and Renee Lombard bought property on 63 William St. from Thomas Pozzouli and Natalie Pozzouli for $155,000. Dyer Bisson bought property on 16 Chestnut St. from Timothy Seeley Jr. for $103,880. Angela Ciccarelli bought property on 33 Thornapple Drive from Robert Whipple for $39,900. Saratoga Harold Reiser III bought property on 8 Morgan's Run from FE Saratoga Inc. for $110,000. Davin LeClair and Jordan LeClair bought property on 27 Burgoyne St. from Secretary of Housing and Urban Development for $85,000. Donald Ormsby bought property on 271 Hayes Road from US Bank NA, trustee, for $30,000. Shawn Sharp and Misty Sharp bought property on 144 Hanehan Road from James Burke and Barbara Burke for $26,500. Saratoga Springs James Tammaro and Kelli Tammaro bought property on 2 Balmain Court from Marcia Pascuito for $1,200,000. John Waddell bought property on 1 Tommy Luther Drive from Jayne Maahs for $388,500. Mark Thornhill and Elizabeth Thornhill bought property on 5 Spring St. from Broadway Spring Co. for $279,000. Edward McCarthy bought property on 167 Grand Ave. from Deutsche Bank National Trust Co., trustee, for $260,000. Thomas Buser, Lisa Buser, Peter Buser and Theresa Buser bought property on 60 Greenfield Ave. from Patrick Cronin, trustee, for $250,000. Thomas Buser, Lisa Buser, Peter Buser and Theresa Buser bought property on 62 Greenfield Ave. from Patrick Cronin, trustee, for $250,000. Yuanzhao Chen bought property on 260 Ballston Ave. from 146 Middle Ave. LLC for $220,000. Cindy Rucker bought property on 11 Sunset Drive from Michael Boulerice and Tammy Boulerice for $135,500. Waterford Michael Tietjen and Ashley Sarto bought property on 12 Terri Ave. from Sharon Feeley for $169,500. Wilton David Hammer and Pamela Hammer bought property on 6 Daffodil Drive from David Warner and Linda Warner for $580,000. Mark Cohen and Sheila Fyfe bought property on 9 Connemara Court from Adam Madkour and Carol Madkour for $401,000. Karen Murray bought property on 13 Anyhow Lane from Kathryn Parker and Michelle Berry, trustees, Samuel Lantz and Sharon Lantz for $310,000. Sebastian Whiting bought property on 14 Northern Pines Road from Jeffrey Irish and Robin Irish for $232,500. Justin Orozco bought property on 4 Cedarcrest Drive from US Bank NA, trustee, for $211,150. Schenectady County Glenville Victor Pieronek and Katherine Pieronek bought property on 13 ViaMaria Drive from Martin Andrew and Julie Andrew for $272,000. Robert Staalesen and Jessica Rafferty bought property on 1 Jesse Court from Bruce Stanley and Kathleen McDonnell for $217,500. Jonathan Mosher and Jessica Gracon bought property on 86 Spring Road from Scott Felix for $217,000. Christopher Cotterell bought property on 9 Brookwood Drive from Robert Woodfield III and Jennifer Woodfield for $207,000. Jolene Lomnes bought property on 18 Bigwood Road from Marna Posluszny for $184,500. Jennifer DiCaprio and Shelby DiCaprio bought property on 17 Oakhurst Drive from Briscoe Property Ventures LLC for $169,000. Lisa Ody bought property on 1049 North Road from David Conde and Bette Conde for $165,000. Melissa Foust bought property on 18 Halcyon St. from Metuchen Management Inc., trustee, for $125,000. Jared DeGroff bought property on 260 Swaggertown Road from Eleanor Roberts for $86,500. Mary Wheeler bought property on 205 Root Ave. from David Jones and Tracy Jones for $82,500. Niskayuna Helene Chapados bought property on 2650 Rosendale Road from Guidarelli Construction Inc. for $564,000. Zachary Tonkin and Katie Tonkin bought property on 2529 Angelina Drive from Ayman El-Fefaid and Yara Youssef for $430,000. Mustafa Uzunbas and Gizem Uzunbas bought property on 1078 Valerie Drive from Bernard Traub for $388,000. Douglas Hexel and Laura DeWitt bought property on 2429 Hartland St. from Pinghai Yang and Xiaojing Hu for $262,000. William Lemon and Chelsea Lemon bought property on 1540 Keyes Ave. from Carol Furman for $232,500. Rotterdam Mark Kehmna bought property on 158 Paddock Circle from Pigliavento Builders for $218,500. Russell Thomas bought property on 39 Merritt Drive from Fernando Schiazza and Mary Schiazza, trustees, for $180,000. Travis Lane and Melinda Lane bought property on 1708 Caldicott Road from Wessington Clark Development LLC for $175,000. Daniel Weiner and Laura Stewart bought property on 1009 Valentine Drive from David Cole and Maryrose Cole for $170,000. Nancy Wilson bought property on 143 Annabelle Place from Harold Buddle and Beverly Buddle for $167,000. Jamie McLear bought property on 56 Cobblestone Court from Kazco Inc. for $164,000. Carol Matos bought property on 1130 Cushing Lane from Thomas Carr and Sheila Carr for $156,000. Peter Bombard and Kendra Bombard bought property on 3 Continental Road from Larissa Babbie for $127,500. Schenectady Roohulla Sarpas bought property on 1234 Tracy Ave. from Frank Serafini and Patricia Cusano, executors, for $157,500. James Mattice and Amanda Mattice bought property on 11 Mayflower Drive from Joseph Carmello and June Carmello for $154,500. Karen Maxian bought property on 9 Corlear Ave. from Kimberly Taylor for $145,000. Jonathon Matrone and Kelsey Barcomb bought property on 2816 Clyde Ave. from Jonathan Glisson for $137,000. Bruce Brem bought property on 1013 N. Westcott Road from Robert Dufek III for $121,500. Thomas Disbrow Jr. and Brittany Vachon bought property on 2902 Gibson St. from Stephen Joyce for $110,000. David Chidyllo bought property on 911 Wright Ave. from Wendy DiStefano for $103,000. Devinder Kaur and Rajiv Saini bought property on 1200 Hillside Ave. from Mary VanHoesen for $95,000. Robert Brockway bought property on 2201 Guilderland Ave. from Nicola Vaccaro for $72,500. Shawn LaValley and Stephanie LaValley bought property on 1937 Jerome Ave. from Hermann Kouamelan for $68,000. Tanya Marriner and Adalgisa Gomez-Lopez bought property on 578 Ontario St. from Daniel Pezze for $67,000. Vejai Tikaram bought property on 1321 VanCortland St. from Cedrick Shivrattan for $65,000. Chetram Ghansham bought property on 847 and 849 Stanley St. from Fazya Mohabeer for $60,000. Latchman Cipriana bought property on 1548 Foster Ave. from Clifford Hedden and James Hedden for $45,000. Most Popular 1 Woman in drug-related crash gets prison time 2 20 experiences every Capital Region kid should have before... 3 A.M. Roundup: That sound? Oh, that was the budget talks... 4 2017's academic rankings of New York's top public colleges 5 Troopers say they caught man with 6 pounds of pot 6 Payless files Chapter 11, closing two area stores 7 Warrant Wednesday: Troopers hunt for alleged drug smuggler View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
