Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 28 mins S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) A New Way To Short-Term Bond Exposure ETF Professor Benzinga May 21, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Although expectations for more interest rate hikes this year by the Federal Reserve have been adjusted, issuers of exchange traded funds continuing bringing short-term bond funds to market. Two such funds debuted last week, one of which was the JPMorgan Ultra-Short Income ETF (NYSE: JPST). The JPMorgan Ultra-Short Income ETF is a conservative fixed income strategy that looks to preserve principal and generate income while minimizing volatility. “The strategy takes a conservative approach and is designed to provide additional income beyond that of money market funds, while mitigating volatility and limiting duration exposure. It invests across sectors, but primarily focuses on corporate and investment grade credit,” said New York-based JPMorgan Asset Management in a statement. Many short-term bond ETFs emphasize lower duration U.S. government, a strategy that often leads to small yields, reducing income for investors in the process. Actively managed, JPST eschews that strategy to focus on securities with better income-generating potential, such as investment-grade corporate debt. Generally, JPST will try to maintain a duration of less than one year, but the ETF's management team can go beyond that threshold when market conditions indicate that could be a profitable strategy. “The ETF will normally focus investments in the banking industry or hold more than 25% of assets in securities issued by companies in the banking industry. The fund, though, may also invest less than 25% of assets in this industry as a temporary defensive measure,” according to ETF Trends. JPST charges 0.18 percent per year, or $18 on a $10,000 investment. JPMorgan Asset Management sponsors 13 ETFs with more than $1 billion in combined assets under management. JPST is the third bond fund in the firm's ETF stable. See more from Benzinga A Smart Idea Among Europe ETFs A Lower Fee For This Emerging Markets Bond ETF These Are The Hot Leveraged Sector ETFs Heading Into This Week © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Costco, Fed minutes, and GDP — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance The Top 3 ETFs to Track the S&P 500 for 2017 Investopedia Oil Climbs With Asia Stocks on Supply Speculation: Markets Wrap Bloomberg 2 Things All Fixed Income Investors Need to Know -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Supplements are more dangerous than other processed foods, according to a Harvard doctor Business Insider What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits Reuters Nvidia exec: artificial intelligence will change your life Yahoo Finance Video Why it's time to rethink the traditional workweek Yahoo Finance Inside Facebook's plan to eat another $350 billion IT market Business Insider Couple who paid off $18,000 in 54 days shares their No. 1 money saving tip CNBC Thousands are flocking to a credit card that helps people repair their bad FICO scores and avoid payday loans Business Insider Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video 11 judges will soon decide the fate of a polarizing US agency Yahoo Finance AP Source: Ford replaces CEO in push to transform business Associated Press Top hedge fund managers shared these 5 trade ideas at the SALT Conference Yahoo Finance Chinese paper applauds anti-spy efforts after report CIA sources killed factswelcome: We had a big to do around the same time accusing the Chinese of rampant spying and espionage. Nobody with half a brain believes that nations don't spy on one another, or that America is ever lily white. I wonder what the huffing and puffing was all about. Now I know. The Chinese might have disabled our "clever" spy network right about that time and we were raving mad ! Back to business as usual--more spying. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 71
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A New Way To Short-Term Bond Exposure Todd Shriber, ETF Professor , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 21, 2017 6:43pm   Comments Share: Related JPM 'The Wizard Of Lies': Is HBO's Bernie Madoff Biopic Worth The Time Investment? 10 Industries That Could Be Impacted by Driverless Cars Independent Advisor Alliance Buys Vanguard Total Stock Market, iShares Core U.S. ... (GuruFocus) Although expectations for more interest rate hikes this year by the Federal Reserve have been adjusted, issuers of exchange traded funds continuing bringing short-term bond funds to market. Two such funds debuted last week, one of which was the JPMorgan Ultra-Short Income ETF (NYSE: JPST). The JPMorgan Ultra-Short Income ETF is a conservative fixed income strategy that looks to preserve principal and generate income while minimizing volatility. “The strategy takes a conservative approach and is designed to provide additional income beyond that of money market funds, while mitigating volatility and limiting duration exposure. It invests across sectors, but primarily focuses on corporate and investment grade credit,” said New York-based JPMorgan Asset Management in a statement. Many short-term bond ETFs emphasize lower duration U.S. government, a strategy that often leads to small yields, reducing income for investors in the process. Actively managed, JPST eschews that strategy to focus on securities with better income-generating potential, such as investment-grade corporate debt. Generally, JPST will try to maintain a duration of less than one year, but the ETF's management team can go beyond that threshold when market conditions indicate that could be a profitable strategy. “The ETF will normally focus investments in the banking industry or hold more than 25% of assets in securities issued by companies in the banking industry. The fund, though, may also invest less than 25% of assets in this industry as a temporary defensive measure,” according to ETF Trends. JPST charges 0.18 percent per year, or $18 on a $10,000 investment. JPMorgan Asset Management sponsors 13 ETFs with more than $1 billion in combined assets under management. JPST is the third bond fund in the firm's ETF stable. Posted-In: Long Ideas Bonds Specialty ETFs New ETFs Markets Trading Ideas ETFs Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (JPM + JPST) 'The Wizard Of Lies': Is HBO's Bernie Madoff Biopic Worth The Time Investment? 10 Industries That Could Be Impacted by Driverless Cars The Top 11 Analysts On TipRanks And What They Cover Preparing The Shopping List For Bull Market Discounts The Market In 5 Minutes Banking Problems In The Cannabis Industry Are 'Somewhat Overblown In The Press' View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JPM Trending Recent 1 SIRI, EBAY: 3 Potential Paths For Pandora 2 WMT: Jon Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Wal-Mart 3 AAPL, NFLX: Comparing Big Tech Stocks On Fundamentals 4 AVP, REV: Snapchat Effect Gives Booming Cosmetic Industry A... 5 TRTC, CBDS: Meet One Woman Entrepreneur Who's... 6 SMG, GWPH: The Government's Best Wea... 7 AMZN, WMT: Wal-Mart's Huge... 1 TWX, JPM: 'The Wizard Of Lies': Is HBO's Bernie Madoff Biopic Worth... 2 MCD: Carter Worth And Mike Khouw's Bearish McDonald's Trade 3 NVDA: Mike Khouw's NVIDIA Options Trade 4 FB: The Good And Bad In WikiTribune, Wikipedia Founder's Open-... 5 MO, KATE: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On McDonald's, Vect... 6 SMG, GWPH: The Government's Best Weapon Against Hero... 7 GOOG, GOOGL: Where The Lyft-Waymo Deal Steers Ri... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products The 'Trump Dump' Might Already Be Priced Into The Market
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump strikes moderate tone on Islam President Mike Pence Would Be in for a World of Pain Can Jason Greenblatt deliver peace for Donald Trump? Feinstein scalded by anti-Trump fervor Russia meeting revelation could trigger obstruction investigation Saudis give Trump a reception fit for a king Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print TRUMP on the ‘battle between good and evil’ -- Egypt reset continues, WH planning trip -- WOODWARD byline on WaPo Pentagon investigation -- SNL last night -- WEEKEND READS -- B’DAY: Mosheh Oinounou By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/21/2017 10:52 AM EDT Driving the Day Good Sunday morning. ‘BATTLE BETWEEN GOOD AND EVIL’ -- Here are some bites from President Donald Trump’s speech today in Saudi Arabia -- from the pool. “OUR FRIENDS will never question our support, and our enemies will never doubt our determination. Our partnerships will advance security through stability, not through radical disruption. We will make decisions based on real-world outcomes – not inflexible ideology. We will be guided by the lessons of experience, not the confines of rigid thinking. And, wherever possible, we will seek gradual reforms – not sudden intervention. … Story Continued Below “America is a sovereign nation and our first priority is always the safety and security of our citizens. We are not here to lecture -- we are not here to tell other people how to live, what to do, who to be, or how to worship. Instead, we are here to offer partnership – based on shared interests and values – to pursue a better future for us all. Every time a terrorist murders an innocent person, and falsely invokes the name of God, it should be an insult to every person of faith. … “America is prepared to stand with you -- in pursuit of shared interests and common security. But the nations of the Middle East cannot wait for American power to crush this enemy for them. The nations of the Middle East will have to decide what kind of future they want for themselves, for their countries, and for their children. … “That means honestly confronting the crisis of Islamist extremism and the Islamist terror groups it inspires. And it means standing together against the murder of innocent Muslims, the oppression of women, the persecution of Jews, and the slaughter of Christians. Religious leaders must make this absolutely clear: Barbarism will deliver you no glory -- piety to evil will bring you no dignity. If you choose the path of terror, your life will be empty, your life will be brief, and your soul will be condemned.” **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh SUNDAY BEST -- SEN. MARCO RUBIO shoots back in an interview with JAKE TAPPER on CNN’s “State of the Union.” Jake asked him to respond to Trump’s “we are not here to lecture” line. TAPPER: “Senator, frankly, I cannot imagine you ever saying anything like that when standing in a country like Saudi Arabia. Are you concerned at all about the president seemingly abdicating the very public role of the United States in standing up to for democracy and human rights?” RUBIO: “Well, I mean, yes, that would not have been a part of a speech that I would have delivered, for the reason that I think it's in our national security interest to advocate for democracy and freedom and human rights, now, with a recognition that you may not get it overnight. There needs to be a period of transition. And I think, further in that speech, they talk about gradual improvements in places, which I think is wise and pragmatic.” RUBIO on TRUMP on CBS’s “Face the Nation”: “I don’t understand why people are that shocked; this president ran a very unconventional campaign. I was there for a big part of it at the beginning alongside being one of his competitors. And that’s what the American people voted for and in essence, this White House is not much different from the campaign. We -- people got what they voted for; they elected him. Obviously, it’s in the best interest of this country to help him succeed. As far as the drama’s concerned, yeah it’s unique. It’s different from anything we’ve confronted. I think our job remains to do our work. We’ll have to deal with these issues. These issues come up, these questions, every single day. And I do think the White House would benefit from some systems in place that perhaps avoid some of the unnecessary friction points that come up on a daily basis.” During a bilateral meeting with Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah, the emir of Kuwait, PRESIDENT TRUMP said he’ll have a news conference in two weeks to let people know how the U.S. is doing in its fight against ISIS, per NYT’s Mike Shear, one of today’s poolers. ANNIE KARNI in Riyadh: “Trump plans Middle East return — to Egypt”: “President Donald Trump, a homebody by nature who spent five months in office before making his first trip abroad, said Sunday that he is planning a return trip to the Middle East, to visit Egypt. ‘We will absolutely be putting that on the list very soon,’ Trump said of an upcoming trip to Egypt, during a bilateral meeting with the Egyptian president, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, at the Ritz Hotel in Riyadh. The visit would mark the latest step in a major reset in American relations with Egypt — and a tighter embrace by the Trump administration of the authoritarian regime.” http://politi.co/2rEHBvA -- IN THE MEETING Trump also commented on Sisi’s shoes. “Love your shoes. Boy, those shoes. Man,” Trump said. See a pic via Jen Jacobs of one of his shoes http://bit.ly/2qKxLIH THE FAMILY -- “Saudi Arabia, U.A.E. Pledge $100 Million to World Bank’s Women Entrepreneurs Fund,” by WSJ’s Carol Lee in Riyadh: “[A]t an event with Ivanka Trump ... Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates [are pledging] $100 million collectively toward a fund for women who own or want to start businesses ... The money for the bank’s proposed Women Entrepreneurs Fund would be aimed at women in the Middle East ... [T]he fund’s goal [is] helping women start and run successful businesses by easing their access to finance, markets and networks.” http://on.wsj.com/2rqaUVA ANNIE’S LOOKAHEAD TO JERUSALEM from Riyadh: “Can Jason Greenblatt Deliver Peace for Donald Trump? The trusted Trump Organization negotiator is charged with figuring out how to deliver ‘the ultimate deal’”: “Greenblatt is the rare, old-school, Trump loyalist in a work environment where many of Trump’s top advisers are newcomers who date back only as far as his 2016 campaign. He reports directly to senior adviser Jared Kushner, and functions outside of the competing spheres of influence in the West Wing. ... In his previous life, the soft-spoken, sharp listener taught a class at Yeshiva University, entitled ‘The Anatomy of a Real Estate Deal,’ which was capped off with a field trip to Trump Tower.” With cameos by Josh Raffel, Jeremy Bash, Dennis Ross, Elliott Abrams, Martin Indyk http://politi.co/2qLiHus TRUMP spoke with Israel HaYom -- Sheldon Adelson's newspaper -- ahead of his trip to Israel. "Trump apologized for not having a lot of time, saying, 'I can't believe I'm sitting down with you, Boaz. Do you realize how many things I have going on this week? But I promised you an interview before my trip to Israel so I'm going to keep my word. Right? Did you see that I smiled at you during the press conference?' ... "When I bid Trump farewell, I reminded him that the next time we meet will be in Israel. We have already met in Washington, in Las Vegas, in Florida, in New York and twice in the Oval Office. 'Goodbye, thank you, and have a great trip, Mr. President.' 'See you in Israel, Boaz,' he answered with the friendly smile of an acquaintance who has turned into a good friend." http://bit.ly/2pZ5xg9 TOP TWEETS -- @maggieNYT: “Priebus is said to be leaving the traveling White House caravan early, returning this week instead of staying the full foreign trip.” … @Acosta: “Tillerson dances at dinner for POTUS and King Salman in Saudi Arabia” http://bit.ly/2r5B401 … @anniekarni: “Spicer has landed.” http://bit.ly/2pYQcfr … Ben Hubbard (@NYTBen): “Country star @TobyKeithMusic with Saudi musician @RabehSaqer in Riyadh last night for an audience of hundreds of Saudi men (and no women).” http://bit.ly/2qEpebT ... @NYTBen: “An audience of Saudi men listening politely to country music in Riyadh.” http://bit.ly/2rF8vnp ARTICLE OF THE DAY -- NYT, A1 -- “Killing C.I.A. Informants, China Crippled U.S. Spying Operations,” by Mark Mazzetti, Adam Goldman, Mike Schmidt and Matt Apuzzo: “The Chinese government systematically dismantled C.I.A. spying operations in the country starting in 2010, killing or imprisoning more than a dozen sources over two years and crippling intelligence gathering there for years afterward. “Current and former American officials described the intelligence breach as one of the worst in decades. It set off a scramble in Washington’s intelligence and law enforcement agencies to contain the fallout, but investigators were bitterly divided over the cause. Some were convinced that a mole within the C.I.A. had betrayed the United States. Others believed that the Chinese had hacked the covert system the C.I.A. used to communicate with its foreign sources. Years later, that debate remains unresolved. “But there was no disagreement about the damage. From the final weeks of 2010 through the end of 2012, according to former American officials, the Chinese killed at least a dozen of the C.I.A.’s sources. According to three of the officials, one was shot in front of his colleagues in the courtyard of a government building -- a message to others who might have been working for the C.I.A. Still others were put in jail. All told, the Chinese killed or imprisoned 18 to 20 of the C.I.A.’s sources in China, according to two former senior American officials, effectively unraveling a network that had taken years to build.” http://nyti.ms/2rqPsQa ****** A message from the Coalition for Affordable Prescription Drugs (CAPD) One in two Americans rely on their employers for health care benefits including affordable access to prescription drugs. That’s why employers are partnering with PBMs to provide access to effective medications at the most affordable price and improve health outcomes. Learn more at www.affordableprescriptiondrugs.org. ****** BOB WOODWARD BYLINE! -- “At the Pentagon, overpriced fuel sparks allegations — and denials -- of a slush fund,” by WaPo’s Craig Whitlock and Bob Woodward: “The Pentagon has generated almost $6 billion over the past seven years by charging the armed forces excessive prices for fuel and has used the money — called the ‘bishop’s fund’ by some critics — to bolster mismanaged or underfunded military programs, documents show. “Since 2015, the Defense Department has tapped surpluses from its fuel accounts for $80 million to train Syrian rebels, $450 million to shore up a prescription-drug program riddled with fraud and $1.4 billion to cover unanticipated expenses from the war in Afghanistan, according to military accounting records. The Pentagon has amassed the extra cash by billing the armed forces for fuel at rates often much higher -- sometimes $1 per gallon or more -- than what commercial airlines paid for jet fuel on the open market.” http://wapo.st/2rFOagI THE SPECIAL COUNSEL -- “Russia meeting revelation could trigger obstruction investigation,” by Josh Meyer: “The new special counsel investigation into possible collusion between associates of President Donald Trump and Russia is just getting started — and it could take years to resolve. But Trump’s Oval Office boast to Russian officials May 10 about why he fired FBI Director James Comey will almost certainly trigger a more immediate, and potentially perilous, legal development: an obstruction of justice investigation into whether the president intentionally engaged in a cover-up that warrants the filing of criminal charges, current and former Justice Department officials say.” http://politi.co/2q5OIMt THE INVESTIGATION -- “House Inquiry Turns Attention to Trump Campaign Worker With Russia Ties,” by NYT’s Maggie Haberman: “Michael Caputo, who served as a communications adviser to the Trump campaign, has been asked by the House committee investigating Russian election meddling to submit to a voluntary interview and to provide any documents he may have that are related to the inquiry. “The House Intelligence Committee … made its request in a letter on May 9. Mr. Caputo, who lives near Buffalo and spent six months on the Trump team, worked in Russia during the 1990s and came to know Kremlin officials. He also did work in the early 2000s for Gazprom Media, a Russian conglomerate that supported President Vladimir V. Putin.” http://nyti.ms/2q6bmUR FOR YOUR RADAR -- “North Korea fires midrange missile in its latest test,” by AP’s Kim Tong-Hyung in Seoul: “North Korea fired a medium-range missile on Sunday, U.S. and South Korean officials said, the latest ballistics test for a country speeding up its development of nuclear weapons and missiles. The rocket was fired from an area near the North Korean county of Pukchang, in South Phyongan Province, and flew eastward about 500 kilometers (310 miles), said South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff. The U.S. Pacific Command said it tracked the missile before it landed into the sea.” http://apne.ws/2qKRIiu -- “Exclusive: North Korea’s Unit 180, the cyber warfare cell that worries the West,” by Reuters’ Ju-min Park and James Pearson in Seoul: “North Korea’s main spy agency has a special cell called Unit 180 that is likely to have launched some of its most daring and successful cyber attacks, according to defectors, officials and internet security experts. North Korea has been blamed in recent years for a series of online attacks, mostly on financial networks, in the United States, South Korea and over a dozen other countries. Cyber security researchers have also said they have found technical evidence that could link North Korea with the global WannaCry ‘ransomware’ cyber attack that infected more than 300,000 computers in 150 countries this month. Pyongyang has called the allegation ‘ridiculous’.” http://reut.rs/2qHMHcn K FILE STRIKES AGAIN! -- “Sheriff David Clarke plagiarized portions of his master's thesis on homeland security,” by CNN’s Andrew Kaczynski, Christopher Massie and Nathan McDermott: “Controversial Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke, who this week announced he will be joining Donald Trump’s administration as assistant secretary in the Department of Homeland Security, plagiarized sections of his 2013 master's thesis on U.S. security, a CNN KFile review has found. “Clarke, a visible surrogate for Trump during the campaign known for his incendiary rhetoric, earned a master's degree in security studies at the Naval Postgraduate School in Monterey, California. In his thesis, ‘Making U.S. security and privacy rights compatible,’ Clarke failed to properly attribute his sources at least 47 times.” http://cnn.it/2r62Cm3 SUNDAY BEST -- GEORGE STEPHANOPOULOS speaks with H.R. MCMASTER on ABC’s “This Week”: STEPHANOPOULOS: “Did you understand how this might look though? To an average American right now. You have the President of the United States telling the Russian foreign minister, in their first meeting, that that the pressure is off because he's fired the FBI director investigating Russian interference in the campaign. Does that seem appropriate to you?” MCMASTER: “As you know it’s very difficult to take a few lines, to take a paragraph out of what are what appear to be notes of that meeting. And to be able to see the full context of the conversation. As I mentioned last week, the real purpose of the conversation was to confront Russia on areas, as I mentioned, like Ukraine and Syria, their support for Assad, and their support for the Iranians. While trying to find areas of cooperation as in the area of counterterrorism and the campaign against ISIS. And so … that was the intent of that conversation was to say what I’d like to do is move beyond all of the Russia news so that we can find areas of cooperation.” STEPHANOPOULOS: “So did the president confront them on their interference in our election? This was their first meeting.” MCMASTER: “Well you know, there already was too much that’s been leaked from those meetings. And one of the things that I’m most concerned about is the confidence, the confidentiality of those kind of meetings, as you know, are extremely important. And so, I’m really concerned about these kind of leaks because it undermines everybody’s trust in that kind of an environment where you can have frank, candid and oftentimes unconventional conversations to try to protect American interests and secure the American people.” -- CHRIS WALLACE interviews SECRETARY OF STATE REX TILLERSON on “FOX NEWS SUNDAY” -- per Zach Warmbrodt: “Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Sunday denounced a violent clash in Washington last week involving Turkish security personnel and protesters, as the administration faced political pressure to respond. In an interview on ‘Fox News Sunday,’ Tillerson said the State Department had called in the ambassador of Turkey to discuss the incident and say ‘that this is simply unacceptable.’ ‘There is an ongoing investigation,’ he said. ‘We'll wait and see what the outcome of that investigation is. But we have expressed our dismay at what occurred at the Turkish embassy.’” http://politi.co/2rEYnef -- WALLACE: “Mr. Secretary, you were in the Oval Office when the president met with Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov on May 10, and according to the official summary, the president’ told Lavrov, ‘I just fired the head of the FBI. He was crazy, a real nut job. I face great pressure because of Russia, that’s taken off.’ My question to you, sir, as someone who was in that meeting -- was he telling the Russians that firing Comey was taking off legal and political pressure? TILLERSON: “Chris, that’s not my -- my interpretation, certainly, of the conversation. And I think what the president was trying to convey to the Russians is, look, I’m not going to be distracted by this -- all these issues that are here at home, they -- that, you know, affect us domestically. I’m not going to let that distract from our efforts to see if we can engage with you, engage with Russia, and identify areas where we might be able to work together. The president I think reemphasized the message to the Russians that the relationship is at a low point and we need to change that, we need to both work towards trying to improve that. So I think the point he was making is I’m not going to be distracted by those things that are happening here at home. Won’t let them get in the way of the important work of engaging Russia to see what can be done to improve this relationship.” SNL’S SEASON FINALE LAST NIGHT -- “Hallelujah Cold Open”: “Donald Trump (Alec Baldwin) [wearing a Russian flag lapel pin], Kellyanne Conway (Kate McKinnon), Mike Pence (Beck Bennett), Eric Trump (Alex Moffat), Donald Trump Jr. (Mikey Day), Sarah Huckabee Sanders (Aidy Bryant), Melania Trump (Cecily Strong) and Ivanka Trump (Scarlett Johansson) perform ‘Hallelujah.’” 3-min. video http://bit.ly/2rq9rPa Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: President Donald Trump holds a sword and sways with traditional dancers during a welcome ceremony at Murabba Palace, Saturday, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci) REMINDER: Trump’s budget will be released TUESDAY … AP’S ANDY TAYLOR: “Republicans already giving Trump’s budget a cold shoulder” http://apne.ws/2rqLK9l MULLER AND COMEY -- BOSTON GLOBE front page, “2 former FBI directors, 1 investigation,” by Annie Linskey and Matt Viser: “It’s unclear if the two men will remain allied, with Comey shifting to the role of probable witness and Mueller the lead investigator. ‘They’re different — and both people of great capacity,’ [John] Ashcroft said in an interview last week. ... ‘This is not the first rodeo for either of these folks.’ ... ‘Both men were viewed differently within the White House,’ said [Alberto] Gonzales, who went on to serve as a US attorney general. ‘Mueller was much more respected,’’ he said. ‘He has better judgment. He’s much more mature.’” http://bit.ly/2qKT1xU THE RESISTANCE -- “Feinstein scalded by anti-Trump fervor,” by California Playbookers David Siders and Carla Marinucci in Sacramento: “Liberal hecklers have protested outside Dianne Feinstein’s home. She’s been confronted at a Los Angeles fundraiser and a San Francisco town hall meeting by progressives angered by her skeptical view of single payer health care and support for some of Donald Trump’s earliest nominees. In a state marked by its unfettered resistance to the president, California’s senior senator and ranking Democratic member of the Judiciary Committee is dealing with burgeoning unrest in the party ranks at home, a symptom of the roiling anti-Trump politics on the left. “Despite her interrogation of Neil Gorsuch at his Supreme Court confirmation hearings, Feinstein’s brand of moderation is showing signs of slipping out of favor in a state that delivered a landslide margin against Trump. Her public approval rating, while still in relatively positive territory, has ticked down. ‘The time has absolutely changed for politicians like her,’ said Robert Shearer, a state party executive board member who served as a delegate whip for Sen. Bernie Sanders’ presidential campaign last year.” http://politi.co/2q91rNP -- L.A. TIMES: “Rep. Adam Schiff calls for Democratic unity in speech that suggests an ambitious future for himself,” by Cathleen Decker: “Rep. Adam B. Schiff has been one of President Trump’s most able tormenters in Washington as the ranking Democrat on the House committee looking into the involvement of Russia in the 2016 presidential election. In the process, the congressman from Burbank has also vaulted himself into the top ranks of California Democrats. On Saturday night he delivered to party members at their state convention a speech that spoke of ambitions for them -- and, none too subtly, himself. “Schiff has been high on the list of Democrats considered interested in a run for the U.S. Senate if incumbent Democrat Dianne Feinstein were to announce that she will not seek another term in 2018. (So far, she has said she’s running.)” http://lat.ms/2q5RnG4 BILL SCHER in POLITICO Magazine on “An Outrageously Early Field Guide to 2020”: http://politi.co/2rqtVap ****** A message from the Coalition for Affordable Prescription Drugs (CAPD) As list prices for brand drugs continue to rise, employers are partnering with PBMs to keep drug costs under control. In fact, every dollar an employer invests in a PBM service returns six dollars in savings. Learn more at www.affordableprescriptiondrugs.org. ****** WHAT DINA POWELL IS READING -- “Why Staying Put Was McMaster’s Most Patriotic Act: The National Security adviser was called a hypocrite for defending Trump’s handling of classified intelligence. But critics misread his book and his motives,” by Mark Perry in POLITICO Magazine: “There are some things not to like about H.R. McMaster: He can be overbearing, has a volcanic temper and promotes a strategy of ‘forward deterrence,’ which means, his critics claim, more American troops in more unwinnable wars. But McMaster is not invisible, will not stay in his lane, will not be intimidated, and will not remain silent. McMaster might not win any lifetime achievement awards, but he won’t walk away. He’ll be a patriot.” http://politi.co/2q8WvZb BONUS GREAT WEEKEND READS, curated by Daniel Lippman: --“Tesla factory workers reveal pain, injury and stress: ‘Everything feels like the future but us,’” by The Guardian’s Julia Carrie Wong in Fremont, California: “Ambulances have been called more than 100 times [to Tesla’s factory] since 2014 for workers experiencing fainting spells, dizziness, seizures, abnormal breathing and chest pains, according to incident reports obtained by the Guardian. Hundreds more were called for injuries and other medical issues.” http://bit.ly/2qEjxL9 --“A Girls’ Guide to Saudi Arabia,” by Maureen Dowd in Vanity Fair in August 2010 with pix by Ashley Parker: “Saudi Arabia! Just the vacation spot for a headstrong, adventure-loving, cocktail-imbibing, fashion-conscious chick. Long averse to non-Muslim curiosity seekers, the Kingdom is now flirting with tourism, though drinking is forbidden and women can’t drive—or do much of anything—without a man. Armed with moxie and a Burqini, the author confronts the limits of Saudi Arabian hospitality, as well as various male enforcers, learning that, as always, it matters whom you know.” http://bit.ly/2rFNhoD --“Saudi Arabia Experiments with Reform Amid Economic Downturn,” by Susanne Koelbl in Der Spiegel: “‘Why’ is a word that didn’t previously exist in Saudi Arabian public debate. Suddenly, it can be heard all over the place, as if the economic crisis is forcing the country to undergo a kind of late-period enlightenment. Everything is being renegotiated, from benefits to the distribution of money, and the question of who will enjoy new freedoms and who will lose old privileges. In sum, the country’s previous social pact – prosperity in exchange for submission – is being challenged.” http://bit.ly/2q4yDpm --“When Your Child Is a Psychopath,” by Barbara Bradley Hagerty in June’s Atlantic: “Whereas normally developing children at that age grow agitated when they see other children cry — and either try to comfort them or bolt the scene — these kids show a chilly detachment.” http://theatln.tc/2qFJM1R --“Why ‘Net Neutrality’ Drives the Left Crazy,” by Tunku Varadarajan in the WSJ: “The FCC’s new chairman [Ajit Pai] on his plan to reopen the internet to competition—and the agitators picketing his family home.” http://on.wsj.com/2pWmjwu --“Sending Jobs Overseas,” by Christopher Caldwell in the Claremont Review: “Computers were the key. Once a complex manufacturing process could be supervised from afar, it could be broken up into the simplest constituent tasks, and those could be done almost anywhere. Corporations could play governments off against one another. Globalisation is not about nations. It is not about products. And it has not been about people for a long time. No, it is about tasks.” http://bit.ly/2qFBZBt --“BASIS: Inside the Acclaimed School Network That’s Blended Together the World’s Best Education Practices,” by Kate Stringer in The 74: BASIS is “a chain of 27 public charter, private, and international schools in five states, Washington, D.C., and China that recently captured four of the top five spots on U.S. News and World Report’s annual ranking of America’s best high schools. BASIS makes advanced, immersive coursework a requirement for all students, from pre-K through high school — an approach that some dub ‘deep content.’” http://bit.ly/2rFTnFd --“Slop Machines,” by John Semley in Eater Magazine: “How a family of hog farmers manage the excess of the world’s most indulgent city.” http://bit.ly/2rA4bEU --“A Murderous History of Korea,” by Bruce Cumings in the London Review of Books: “The Republic of Korea was one of the bloodiest dictatorships of the early Cold War period. South Korea’s stable democracy and vibrant economy from 1988 onwards seem to have overridden any need to acknowledge the previous forty years of history, during which the North could reasonably claim that its own autocracy was necessary to counter military rule in Seoul. It’s only in the present context that the North looks at best like a walking anachronism, at worst like a vicious tyranny.” http://bit.ly/2q4dvzQ (h/t TheBrowser.com) --“An Underground College for Undocumented Immigrants,” by Jonathan Blitzer in The New Yorker: “Refused admission by public universities and unable to get funding from private ones, aspiring students find another way.” http://bit.ly/2rAs003 --“Breaking News: The Secret Transcripts of the Six-Day War, Part I,” by Yaacov Lozowick in Tablet Magazine: “Dayan, flamboyant and erratic, boasted that Israel could reach Cairo if anyone was interested, and would soon take Sharm el-Sheikh and hold it for 300 years. He also told the ministers they needed to talk less as he didn’t have time for a long meeting. Perhaps the single most important decision in millennia — that the Jews should rule in Jerusalem — was probably made early on June 7 by Moshe Dayan, not by Israel’s government.” http://bit.ly/2rmCjaP --“Platonically irrational,” by Nick Romeo in Aeon Magazine: “How much did Plato know about behavioural economics and cognitive biases? Pretty much everything, it turns out.” http://bit.ly/2qG7ueE --“The Future of Media Is Here, and I Was There,” by Sean Cooper in Tablet Magazine: “Content marketers convene in Boston to rid the world of bad content, get under your skin, and scavenge the rotting bones of journalism.” http://bit.ly/2q1kVVl (h/t ALDaily.com) Playbookers SPOTTED: Kellyanne Conway hanging out on Wisconsin Ave yesterday at 11 a.m. Pic http://bit.ly/2r5H5tt ... former Obama ambassador Islam Siddique, Suhail Khan and Jana Plat yesterday at a performance by Comedy Central’s Hasan Minaj at the 6th and I historic synagogue … Jose Andres, Rep. John Delaney (D-Md.) and the founders of Ben & Jerry’s, Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield, getting awards last night at the Halcyon Awards Gala at Union Station. Ben and Jerry personally scooped ice cream for attendees. SPOTTED in the Stronach Group Owner’s chalet at the Preakness: DJ Ben Chang playing throughout the day, warming up for DJ Cassidy, Ashley Chang, Kevin Spacey, Josephine Skriver, Carson Kressley, Baltimore Mayor Catherine Pugh, Ralph Northam, Belinda Stronach and the Stronach family, Dan Swartz, Mark and Sally Ein, Steve Clemons, Tammy Haddad, John Arundel, Patrick Knapp Schwarzenegger, and musicians Sam Hunt, High Valley, and LOCASH. OUT AND ABOUT -- SPOTTED last night at the birthday party for communications guru Christine Delargy in Georgetown’s East Village: Kimball Stroud, Scott Mulhauser, Kara Carscaden, Rodell Mollineau, Sheena Arora, Matt Dornic, Kyle Volpe, Nick Massella, Jay Newton-Small, Eliot Pence, Shawna Thomas, Mark Paustenbach, Andy Baldwin, Dan Ronayne and Paul Kane. TRANSITIONS -- OBAMA ALUMNI -- Dave Wilkinson has joined Connecticut Gov. Dan Malloy’s cabinet as Commissioner of Early Childhood, running a new state agency. He was previously director of the White House office of social innovation for President Barack Obama. WEEKEND WEDDINGS – ERIC BRADNER, CNN Politics reporter and a Politico alum, on Saturday married JESSICA WRAY, communications manager for the Global Entrepreneurship Network, a nonprofit in DC. They’re both from Indiana, which is where they met. Pool report from Eric’s CNN colleague Tom LoBianco: The ceremony was “held at a beautifully restored United Methodist church just outside downtown Indy. This photo was taken just outside Indiana’s statehouse, where Eric and Jessica used to report together. They both choked up a few times through their vows, we learned a few interesting items -- like who stuffs socks in the couch when they’re sleepy.” Pics http://politi.co/2q5SBRG … http://politi.co/2rqHgQ4 --Adam Hitchcock, formerly of the Obama White House, now with Guggenheim Partners and Sarah Kammerer, Romney campaign alum, now with Susan Crown Exchange, were married Friday at a Chicago courthouse. The newlyweds kept everyone in the dark, alerting only their parents and choosing the five-year anniversary of when they met at the NATO summit in Chicago as their wedding date. Pic http://bit.ly/2rq66zC (h/t Kevin Madden) -- Kasia Witkowski and Joshua Kagan were married last night in Washington at Toolbox Studio in Dupont Circle. Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) officiated the wedding -- the couple met on his 2010 campaign. Kasia worked in intergovernmental and external affairs at HHS, and now works at Hewlett Packard in D.C.. Josh works at Hargrove Inc., and has worked on the last two Democratic conventions. The couple departed down the aisle to “Fight Song,” the song of choice for HFA 2016. Pics http://politi.co/2q94oxP ... http://politi.co/2qKVyYM ... http://politi.co/2qHDKQA “Jennifer Cizner, Jeffrey Amsel” – N.Y. Times: “Ms. Cizner, 39, is the chief operating officer at the Chicago Council on Global Affairs, a programming and research center in Chicago. She worked in the Obama administration in the Office of Presidential Personnel from 2009 to 2011, and became the deputy chief of staff. She graduated from the University of Michigan. ... Mr. Amsel, 46, is the vice president for global strategic sourcing and real estate at HERE Technologies, an information technology company in Chicago. He graduated from Ohio State and received an M.B.A. from Loyola University Chicago. ... The couple met in 2014 on JDate.” http://nyti.ms/2rFOLPA -- “Michelle Ker, Jacob Locke”: “Ms. Ker, 27, works in Washington as an economics and trade policy analyst at the U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission. She graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and received a master’s degree in international affairs from George Washington University. ... Mr. Locke, 28, is an analyst at the Pentagon in Arlington, Va. He graduated from American University, from which he also received a master’s degree in international affairs. ... The couple met in 2010 while volunteering at a Washington nonprofit dedicated to education for nomadic people.” With pic http://nyti.ms/2qHKr58 -- “Amanda Erickson, John Davisson”: “The couple met at Columbia, from which they graduated. Ms. Erickson, 29, is a foreign affairs reporter for The Washington Post. ... Mr. Davisson, 31, is a lawyer in Washington for the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a public interest research center. He received a law degree, magna cum laude, from Georgetown.” http://nyti.ms/2qKOmvM BIRTHDAYS: Mosheh Oinounou, EP for CBSN … Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) is 66 ... Politico alum Gillian Reagan ... Mike Viqueira, an Al Jazeera America and NBC alum, is 57 ... Reilly Balderston … AP’s Deb Riechmann, a Jayhawk … Michael Gartland, City Hall reporter for the NY Post ... Rebecca Leber, Mother Jones reporter ... Tom Allon, City and State CEO, is 55 ... Fred Frommer, head of the sports biz practice at Dewey Square and an AP alum … Joshua Henne of White Horse Strategies ... Beth Dozoretz ... Steven Newmark ... Bill Black ... Abigail P. Gage ... Jeffrey Kluger, editor at large at TIME (hat tips: Jon Haber) ... Doug Randall ... Krista Ritacco ... Politico’s Ross Rattanasena ... Lacey Rose, press sec for Sen. Elizabeth Warren (h/t Alexis Krieg) ... former Rep. Tom Feeney (R-Fla.) is 59 ... former Sen. George LeMieux (R-Fla.) is 48 ... ... Jeffrey Toobin is 57 ... Rachel Bayens, partner at Government Strategies in Frankfort, Ky. (hubby tip: Dan) ... CNBC’s Steve Liesman is 54 ... Darin McKeever is 43 ... Baupost Group’s Seth Klarman is 6-0 ... Politico alum Maria Devarakonda, now at Discovery Communications ... Rebecca “B” Shaw, deputy chief of staff and LD for Rep. Chris Gibson (R-NY) ... Hampton Cokeley ... Brandon Pollak, head of global affairs at 1776, is 37 (h/t Peter Cherukuri) ... Anna Smith Lacey, executive director of the Hungary Initiatives Foundation ... Erika Paola Gutierrez ... Jessica Lahey ... Mary Ann Gomez ... Ken Herman … Lani Miller ... Emily Bucci ... Jennifer Treat ... Susan Hansen ... Kathryn Carlson, founder/creator of the wonderful Buca Boot ... Robert Opacki (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX ****** A message from the Coalition for Affordable Prescription Drugs (CAPD) One in two Americans rely on their employers to provide health care benefits. So, employers partner with PBMs to provide access to effective medications at the most affordable price. PBMs drive savings in part by using clinical expertise to identify generic alternatives that achieve the same health outcomes for a lower price. With generics accounting for 89 percent of prescriptions filled in 2015, but only 27 percent of drug costs, that represents a savings of $227 billion across the U.S. health care system in just one year. Learn more at www.affordableprescriptiondrugs.org. ****** « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh Playbook - POLITICO Archive Sunday, 5/21/17 Saturday, 5/20/17 Friday, 5/19/17 Thursday, 5/18/17 Wednesday, 5/17/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Donald of Arabia By Blake Hounshell ‘Kris Kobach Came After Me for an Honest Mistake’ By Ben Strauss An Outrageously Early Field Guide to 2020 By Bill Scher Why Staying Put Was McMaster’s Most Patriotic Act By Mark Perry More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Motherson Sumi, RIL, ICICI Bank among most active stocks in terms of value ITC rallies as tax overhang ends, rerating likely SBI, ITC, BoB among most active stocks in terms of volume PVR, Inox Leisure tumble up to 8% on higher-than-expected GST rates How the Modi-fied economy will kick off next cycle of wealth creation How the Modi-fied economy will kick off next cycle of wealth creation VRL Logistics plunges 8% on weak Q4 results Gold trades lower in morning deals; silver up Top 13 money-making ideas for the next 15-21 trading sessions Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 11:56 AM | 22 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,606140.61 NIFTY 50 9,45729.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,66025.00 USD/INR 64.62-0.02 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Dimon signals optimism on economy, US rule changes By Bloomberg | Updated: May 22, 2017, 10.38 AM IST Post a Comment JPMorgan Chase chief executive officer Jamie Dimon said he remains optimistic about the global economy and the prospects for regulatory reform under US President Donald Trump. “Japan is growing more than it has grown in 15 years, Europe is doing well all things considered, America is chugging along,” Dimon said in an exclusive interview with Bloomberg TV on Saturday in Riyadh, where he attended a Saudi-US CEO forum held to coincide with Trump’s visit to the kingdom. “Even the IMF, which is always warning about stuff, is saying the world will grow faster than expected.” Dimon said he’s comfortable about JPMorgan’s future given its positioning in emerging markets like Saudi Arabia, which is moving to privatize assets and gaining increased attention from international investment banks seeking advisory mandates. He also signaled that the bank is unlikely to boost its market share in some businesses even further after recent gains, and repeated his call for finetuning bank regulation in the US. “The Trump administration wants to deregulate certain things, and most of us in business think that regulations have been holding back growth,” Dimon said. “I’m still optimistic that you’ll have some regulatory reform. Even my Democratic friends understand that it makes sense to look at what was done, what can be done better, what can simplify the burden on businesses.” Comments(0)Add Comments Dimon signals optimism on economy, US rule changes To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Not an exaggeration to call India sole bright spot: JPMorgan Chairman Jamie Dimon Low corporate tax rates help lower-paid people: Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says bank it will raise minimum pay Negotiations over Brexit will take years, says CEO of JPMorgan Jamie Dimon JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon gets 35% raise READ MORE ONSaudi Arabiamarket shareJPMorganJamie DimonIMFDonald Trump Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Talk to the Animals at Connecticut's Own Wild Kingdom Connecticut Tourism See The #1 Beach In The Southern Caribbean Aruba TourismMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES No change in H-1B visa rules this year: 7 things to know Switching Economy in India worth US$331 billion: Accenture Janet Yellen warns of domestic, global risks to US economy From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Just 14-Minutes Per Day on This Machine Could Replace Your.. Bowflex Save Money with Pet Insurance, Premium Discounts Pet Insurance - Sponsored Ads Successful Women in the Workforce Share this Common Trait Arizona State University If you own a computer you must try this game Soldiers: Free Online Game Economy will ain from GPF Reforms: Government Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Who wins, who loses: Sectoral impact of GST and top stocks to watch out for Rs 1 lakh grows into Rs 7.22 lakh in 5 months: Did you own this stock? Top stocks in focus on Monday, 22 May 2017 7 key factors that may decide market direction this week 3 years of Modi govt: Stock rally adds Rs 50 lakh crore to investor wealth; big corporates gain most More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRPS vs MI|RERA Paresh Rawal|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex Live IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital One Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macerich Co (MAC) Shares Bought by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Boosts Position in Hershey Co (HSY) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $4.473 Million Stake in Arch Capital Group Ltd. (ACGL) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Takes Position in AutoNation, Inc. (AN) LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $328,000 Position in KKR & Co. L.P. (KKR) Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc. Has $5.889 Million Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $4.335 Million Stake in 58.com Inc (WUBA) Antero Resources Corp (AR) Stake Maintained by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $331,000 Position in Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $1.998 Million Stake in FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) LS Investment Advisors LLC Buys 897 Shares of Tegna Inc (TGNA) LS Investment Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in Fiserv Inc (FISV) Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stake Decreased by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. SMART Global Holdings Prices IPO at $13.00-$15.00 Per Share (SGH) KBL Merger Corp. IV Prices IPO at $10.00 Per Share (KBLMU) Comerica Bank Boosts Stake in Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Comerica Bank Boosts Stake in Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank Comerica Bank Boosts Stake in Energen Co. (EGN) Comerica Bank Sells 909 Shares of W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc. Has $5.889 Million Stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc. cut its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) by 1.7% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 67,956 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 1,148 shares during the period. Capital One Financial Corp. accounts for about 2.8% of Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 6th largest position. Pineno Levin & Ford Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in Capital One Financial Corp. were worth $5,889,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of COF. WMS Partners LLC boosted its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 2.2% in the third quarter. WMS Partners LLC now owns 162,986 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $11,707,000 after buying an additional 3,536 shares during the last quarter. ARGA Investment Management LP purchased a new stake in Capital One Financial Corp. during the third quarter valued at $3,170,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares during the last quarter. Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 0.9% in the third quarter. Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 33,460 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,403,000 after buying an additional 295 shares during the last quarter. Finally, TNB Financial boosted its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 6.4% in the third quarter. TNB Financial now owns 83,923 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,028,000 after buying an additional 5,051 shares during the last quarter. 88.38% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) traded up 1.26% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $80.27. 2,796,292 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $82.43 and its 200 day moving average is $85.95. Capital One Financial Corp. has a one year low of $58.03 and a one year high of $96.92. The firm has a market cap of $38.71 billion, a PE ratio of 12.18 and a beta of 1.24. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $1.75 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.93 by $0.18. Capital One Financial Corp. had a return on equity of 8.06% and a net margin of 13.63%. The company had revenue of $6.54 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.63 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.84 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts anticipate that Capital One Financial Corp. will post $7.52 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.99%. Capital One Financial Corp.’s payout ratio is currently 23.26%. WARNING: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/pineno-levin-ford-asset-management-inc-has-5-889-million-stake-in-capital-one-financial-corp-cof.html. Several analysts have weighed in on COF shares. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $106.00 price objective on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 price objective on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Nomura reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $101.00 price objective on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Guggenheim reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. Finally, Instinet raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $97.00 to $105.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Capital One Financial Corp. presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $90.93. In other news, insider Jory A. Berson sold 63,562 shares of Capital One Financial Corp. stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $92.08, for a total transaction of $5,852,788.96. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 162,542 shares in the company, valued at $14,966,867.36. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider John G. Finneran, Jr. sold 9,429 shares of Capital One Financial Corp. stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $93.49, for a total transaction of $881,517.21. Following the sale, the insider now owns 131,958 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $12,336,753.42. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 85,239 shares of company stock valued at $7,787,542 over the last quarter. Insiders own 1.94% of the company’s stock. About Capital One Financial Corp. Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. The Company’s segments include Credit Card, Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF). Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Asian stocks post biggest rise in a month as markets settle Market now: Motherson Sumi, RIL, ICICI Bank among most active stocks in terms of value ITC rallies as tax overhang ends, rerating likely Market now: SBI, ITC, BoB among most active stocks in terms of volume PVR, Inox Leisure tumble up to 8% on higher-than-expected GST rates How the Modi-fied economy will kick off next cycle of wealth creation How the Modi-fied economy will kick off next cycle of wealth creation VRL Logistics plunges 8% on weak Q4 results Gold trades lower in morning deals; silver up Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminiumAluminium MiniNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 12:12 PM | 22 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,612146.98 NIFTY 50 9,45931.50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,65924.00 USD/INR 64.59-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW JPMorgan's Dimon signals optimism on global economy, Trump reforms By Bloomberg | Updated: May 21, 2017, 01.23 PM IST Post a Comment By Francine Lacqua, Keith Campbell and Matthew Martin JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon said he remains optimistic about the global economy and the prospects for regulatory reform under U.S. President Donald Trump. “Japan is growing more than it has grown in 15 years, Europe is doing well all things considered, America is chugging along,” Dimon said in an exclusive interview with Bloomberg TV on Saturday in Riyadh, where he attended a Saudi-U.S. CEO forum held to coincide with Trump’s visit to the kingdom. “Even the IMF, which is always warning about stuff, is saying the world will grow faster than expected.” Dimon said he’s comfortable about JPMorgan’s future given its positioning in emerging markets like Saudi Arabia, which is moving to privatize assets and gaining increased attention from international investment banks seeking advisory mandates. He also signaled that the bank is unlikely to boost its market share in some businesses even further after recent gains, and repeated his call for fine-tuning bank regulation in the U.S. “The Trump administration wants to deregulate certain things, and most of us in business think that regulations have been holding back growth,” Dimon said. “I’m still optimistic that you’ll have some regulatory reform. Even my Democratic friends understand that it makes sense to look at what was done, what can be done better, what can simplify the burden on businesses.” Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said this month that breaking up the biggest banks would be a “huge mistake,” just weeks after Trump said his administration was reviewing whether a split made sense. Some administration officials have suggested they are in favor of Congress passing an updated version of the Depression era Glass-Steagall law that split commercial and investment banking, though they have been vague about what that means. It was repealed in 1999. ‘Ability to Compete’ “When they’re talking about Glass-Steagall, they’re saying, would you regulate smaller banks differently than the bigger banks, and that’s perfectly understandable,” Dimon said. “I don’t think it’s going to stop our ability to compete.” In April, the bank beat analysts’ first-quarter profit estimates on better-than-expected trading results and lending margins. Trading revenue rose for a fourth quarter, the longest streak in at least a decade, with a 17 percent advance in fixed income and a surprise increase for equities. “It will be hard to gain” further share in fixed income, Dimon said. Future Acquisitions Dimon also said the bank may consider making acquisitions in financial technology or payment processing in the future, though he’s not considering any deals at the moment. “There is no area we can’t grow organically,” he said. American corporate titans are gathering in Riyadh to boost bilateral ties as the nation moves to diversify its economy. JPMorgan and Citigroup Inc., which received its long-sought after investment-banking license in the kingdom last month, helped arrange a $17.5 billion Saudi bond sale last year and a $9 billion Islamic bond issue in April. Dimon said JPMorgan’s Saudi operations had boomed from two staff during his first trip to the kingdom to about 80 employees today. The bank employs about 30 women locally, including several managing directors. “We’re part of the banking system here, part of the brokerage system here,” Dimon said. “We bank the government and many corporates. We’ll be getting bigger over time as Saudi Arabia and the Middle East grow.” Comments(0)Add Comments JPMorgan's Dimon signals optimism on global economy, Trump reforms To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Not an exaggeration to call India sole bright spot: JPMorgan Chairman Jamie Dimon Low corporate tax rates help lower-paid people: Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon says bank it will raise minimum pay Negotiations over Brexit will take years, says CEO of JPMorgan Jamie Dimon JPMorgan chief Jamie Dimon gets 35% raise READ MORE ONSaudi ArabiaregulationspositioningMiddle Eastmarketsmarket shareMarket Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Serve Up Our Best Backyard Barbecue Recipes Food Network Find All The Accessories You'll Need To Own At Bal Harbou.. Bal Harbour Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNCMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Man Finds Injured Crocodile: But 20 Years Later, This Happ.. LifeDaily.com Do You Know How To Treat An Asthma Attack? Learn How To Cr.. HealthiNation Find Out Why the Gerber Life Grow-Up® Plan is So Well Lov.. Gerber Life Insurance Company If you own a computer you must try this game Soldiers: Free Online Game "Frexit" is a scenario, but probability is not high Telangana government, Cisco ink pact for tech initiatives Construction firms to get a fillip from arbitration gains Is the Weightage of BFSI Stocks in Nifty Justified? Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Who wins, who loses: Sectoral impact of GST and top stocks to watch out for Rs 1 lakh grows into Rs 7.22 lakh in 5 months: Did you own this stock? Top stocks in focus on Monday, 22 May 2017 7 key factors that may decide market direction this week 3 years of Modi govt: Stock rally adds Rs 50 lakh crore to investor wealth; big corporates gain most More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRPS vs MI|RERA Paresh Rawal|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex Live IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Continental AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CON) Given a €205.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Continental AG (CON) PT Set at €221.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €41.90 Price Target at Warburg Research SMA Solar Technology AG (S92) Given a €20.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH Aratana Therapeutics Inc (PETX) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.6 Million Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €53.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €64.50 by Bank of America Corp Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €55.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC BNP Paribas Reiterates €189.00 Price Target for Continental AG (CON) adidas AG (ADS) Given a €220.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Crawford & Company (CRD.B) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $278.75 Million Aurubis AG (NDA) Given a €70.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€75.00” Price Target for Symrise AG (SY1) Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €44.00 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts $1.57 Billion in Sales Expected for Constellium NV (CSTM) This Quarter $996.79 Million in Sales Expected for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) This Quarter Hugo Boss AG (BOSS) Given a €76.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates “€70.00” Price Target for Drillisch AG (DRI) Continental AG (CON) PT Set at €221.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Continental AG (ETR:CON) has been given a €221.00 ($242.86) target price by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Saturday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on CON. Kepler Capital Markets set a €240.00 ($263.74) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday. Independent Research GmbH set a €211.00 ($231.87) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Saturday. HSBC Holdings plc set a €250.00 ($274.73) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €227.40 ($249.89) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €190.00 ($208.79) target price on shares of Continental AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Saturday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Continental AG currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €217.58 ($239.10). Continental AG (ETR:CON) traded down 0.05% on Friday, reaching €201.99. 1,310 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Continental AG has a 52-week low of €158.35 and a 52-week high of €210.02. The firm has a market capitalization of €40.40 billion and a PE ratio of 14.34. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is €202.95 and its 200 day moving average price is €188.83. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/continental-ag-con-pt-set-at-221-00-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for Continental AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €43.40 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates €36.00 Price Target for Zalando SE (ZAL) United Internet AG (UTDI) PT Set at €55.00 by Barclays PLC Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €60.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Nord/LB Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give AstraZeneca plc (AZN) a GBX 4,700 Price Target Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Aurubis AG (NDA) PT Set at €49.00 by Commerzbank Ag Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $326.82 Million $32.35 Million in Sales Expected for Stonegate Bank (SGBK) This Quarter $579.59 Million in Sales Expected for Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $112.09 Million $71.98 Million in Sales Expected for S & T Bancorp Inc (STBA) This Quarter Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc – American Depositary Shares each representing one Ordinary Share (AVDL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $44.17 Million Hydrogenics Co. (HYGS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $9.9 Million First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $164.09 Million Biotest AG (BIO) PT Set at €19.00 by equinet AG Dialog Semiconductor PLC (DLG) Given a €47.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates “€6.50” Price Target for E.On Se (EOAN) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €43.40 Price Target May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €43.40 ($47.69) price target on GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (ETR:G1A) in a research report sent to investors on Saturday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on G1A. Royal Bank of Canada set a €45.00 ($49.45) price target on GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday. Commerzbank Ag set a €40.00 ($43.96) price target on GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. Independent Research GmbH set a €39.00 ($42.86) price target on GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. DZ Bank AG restated a buy rating on shares of GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft in a research note on Saturday. Finally, Barclays PLC restated a neutral rating and set a price target on shares of GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft in a research note on Saturday. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €40.11 ($44.07). GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (ETR:G1A) traded up 4.22% during midday trading on Friday, reaching €36.90. 2,465 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of €7.10 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.24. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €39.37 and a 200-day moving average of €37.79. GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft has a 1-year low of €32.10 and a 1-year high of €50.02. WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/jpmorgan-chase-43-40-price-target.html. About GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft GEA Group AG is a German-based management holding company of the GEA Group which provides systems for food and energy processes. It operates five segments: GEA Food Solutions; GEA Farm Technologies; GEA Mechanical Equipment; GEA Process Engineering, and GEA Refrigeration Technologies. The GEA Food Solutions segment involves activities that feature standardized and customer-specific equipment. Receive News & Ratings for GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance K&S AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for K&S AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Biotest AG (BIO) PT Set at €19.00 by equinet AG Dialog Semiconductor PLC (DLG) Given a €47.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates “€6.50” Price Target for E.On Se (EOAN) Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) Receives Neutral Rating from Royal Bank of Canada JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€18.00” Price Target for K&S AG (SDF) Talanx AG (TLX) Given a €29.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Oddo Securities Reiterates €47.00 Price Target for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Duerr AG (DUE) Given a €65.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Analysts Expect Finisar Co. (FNSR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $367.17 Million Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) PT at $34.78 Talanx AG (TLX) Given a €32.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Baader Bank Analysts Give Grammer AG (GMM) a €55.00 Price Target Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €70.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €13.10 Price Target Brokerages Set SM Energy Co (SM) PT at $39.77 Rice Energy Inc (RICE) Receives $31.00 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Vale SA (VALE) Target Price at $9.16 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€18.00” Price Target for K&S AG (SDF) May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €18.00 ($19.78) price target on K&S AG (ETR:SDF) in a research note released on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a sell rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Independent Research GmbH set a €24.00 ($26.37) price target on shares of K&S AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Warburg Research set a €23.80 ($26.15) price objective on shares of K&S AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €20.40 ($22.42) price objective on shares of K&S AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Saturday. Finally, DZ Bank AG restated a neutral rating on shares of K&S AG in a research report on Saturday. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have given a hold rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €21.70 ($23.85). Shares of K&S AG (ETR:SDF) traded up 1.531% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €23.678. The stock had a trading volume of 17,499 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is €22.01 and its 200 day moving average price is €21.76. The company has a market cap of €4.53 billion and a P/E ratio of 60.403. K&S AG has a 1-year low of €15.89 and a 1-year high of €24.93. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/jpmorgan-chase-18-00-price-target-for-ks-ag-sdf.html. K&S AG Company Profile K&S AG is a Germany-based salt producer and potash provider. The Company operates through three segments: Salt, Potash and Magnesium, and Complementary Activities. The Salt segment encompasses the production and marketing of food grade salt, industrial salt and salt for chemical use, de-icing salt and sodium chloride brine. Receive News & Ratings for K&S AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for K&S AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Biotest AG (BIO) PT Set at €19.00 by equinet AG Dialog Semiconductor PLC (DLG) Given a €47.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates “€6.50” Price Target for E.On Se (EOAN) Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) Receives Neutral Rating from Royal Bank of Canada JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€18.00” Price Target for K&S AG (SDF) Talanx AG (TLX) Given a €29.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Oddo Securities Reiterates €47.00 Price Target for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Duerr AG (DUE) Given a €65.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Analysts Expect Finisar Co. (FNSR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $367.17 Million Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) PT at $34.78 Talanx AG (TLX) Given a €32.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Baader Bank Analysts Give Grammer AG (GMM) a €55.00 Price Target Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €70.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €13.10 Price Target Brokerages Set SM Energy Co (SM) PT at $39.77 Rice Energy Inc (RICE) Receives $31.00 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Vale SA (VALE) Target Price at $9.16 Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) has been given a €6.50 ($7.14) price target by research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Saturday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also issued reports on NOKIA. Kepler Capital Markets set a €5.70 ($6.26) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Morgan Stanley set a €5.00 ($5.49) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €6.00 ($6.59) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €4.80 ($5.27) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, S&P Global set a €5.00 ($5.49) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. Nokia Oyj presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of €5.69 ($6.25). ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/nokia-oyj-nokia-given-a-6-50-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. Nokia Oyj Company Profile Nokia Corporation is engaged in the network and Internet protocol (IP) infrastructure, software, and related services market. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Ultra Broadband Networks, IP Networks and Applications, and Nokia Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Stroeer SE & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oddo Securities Reiterates €47.00 Price Target for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Duerr AG (DUE) Given a €65.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Analysts Expect Finisar Co. (FNSR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $367.17 Million Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) PT at $34.78 Talanx AG (TLX) Given a €32.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Baader Bank Analysts Give Grammer AG (GMM) a €55.00 Price Target Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €70.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €13.10 Price Target Brokerages Set SM Energy Co (SM) PT at $39.77 Rice Energy Inc (RICE) Receives $31.00 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Vale SA (VALE) Target Price at $9.16 Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €75.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €36.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) PT Set at €84.00 by Oddo Securities Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €67.00 Price Target by equinet AG Analysts RIB Software SE (RIB) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Analysts Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their buy rating on shares of Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (ETR:SAX) in a research note released on Saturday morning. Shares of Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (ETR:SAX) traded up 0.358% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €55.193. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,055 shares. Stroeer SE & Co KGaA has a 1-year low of €34.40 and a 1-year high of €56.04. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €52.41 and a 200-day moving average price of €45.29. The stock has a market cap of €3.05 billion and a PE ratio of 44.872. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-buy-rating-for-stroeer-se-co-kgaa-sax.html. Receive News & Ratings for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Uniper SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniper SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Talanx AG (TLX) Given a €32.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Baader Bank Analysts Give Grammer AG (GMM) a €55.00 Price Target Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €70.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €13.10 Price Target Brokerages Set SM Energy Co (SM) PT at $39.77 Rice Energy Inc (RICE) Receives $31.00 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Vale SA (VALE) Target Price at $9.16 Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €75.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €36.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) PT Set at €84.00 by Oddo Securities Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €67.00 Price Target by equinet AG Analysts RIB Software SE (RIB) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Analysts Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share Rocket Internet SE (RKET) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €48.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €9.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) a €19.25 Price Target Barclays PLC Analysts Give Air France-KLM S.A (AF) a €10.00 Price Target Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €9.60 Price Target for Air France-KLM S.A (AF) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €13.10 Price Target May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €13.10 ($14.40) price target on Uniper SE (ETR:UN01) in a research note published on Saturday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on UN01. BNP Paribas set a €15.60 ($17.14) price objective on Uniper SE and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Saturday. Citigroup Inc set a €14.75 ($16.21) price target on Uniper SE and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Saturday. Uniper SE (ETR:UN01) traded up 2.499% during trading on Friday, reaching €15.749. 5,546 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Uniper SE has a 52 week low of €9.85 and a 52 week high of €16.70. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of €15.63 and a 200 day moving average price of €13.72. The firm’s market capitalization is €5.77 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/jpmorgan-chase-13-10-price-target.html. Uniper SE Company Profile Uniper SE is a Germany-based energy generation and energy trading company. The Company operates through three segments: European Generation, Global Commodities and International Power Generation. The European Generation segment generates power and owns coal, gas, oil and combined gas and steam power plants, hydroelectric power plants, nuclear power stations in Sweden, a biomass plant in France, as well as solar and wind power facilities; the Global Commodities segment bundles the energy trading activities, and the International Power Generation segment comprises equity investments in energy generation companies in the Russian Federation, Czech Republic and Brazil. Receive News & Ratings for Uniper SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniper SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zalando SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zalando SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €36.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) PT Set at €84.00 by Oddo Securities Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €67.00 Price Target by equinet AG Analysts RIB Software SE (RIB) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Analysts Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share Rocket Internet SE (RKET) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €48.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €9.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) a €19.25 Price Target Barclays PLC Analysts Give Air France-KLM S.A (AF) a €10.00 Price Target Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €9.60 Price Target for Air France-KLM S.A (AF) Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG (O2D) a €4.85 Price Target Vonovia SE (VNA) Given a €40.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.19 Gap (GPS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Huntington Ingalls Industries (HII) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.18 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Heron Therapeutics (HRTX) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Green Dot (GDOT) Share Price Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €188.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €36.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €36.00 ($39.56) price objective on Zalando SE (FRA:ZAL) in a research report report published on Saturday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Barclays PLC set a €49.75 ($54.67) price target on shares of Zalando SE and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Saturday. Deutsche Bank AG set a €36.00 ($39.56) price target on shares of Zalando SE and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Saturday. Shares of Zalando SE (FRA:ZAL) traded up 0.662% on Friday, reaching €40.144. The company had a trading volume of 5,697 shares. Zalando SE has a one year low of €22.37 and a one year high of €41.55. The company’s 50-day moving average is €39.59 and its 200-day moving average is €37.35. The company has a market capitalization of €10.24 billion and a PE ratio of 87.080. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/zalando-se-zal-given-a-36-00-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Zalando SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zalando SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Airbus SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Airbus SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Nordson Co. (NDSN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Target Price at $26.06 Raymond James Financial (RJF) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Panera Bread (PNRA) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15 Parsley Energy (PE) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 410 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €45.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€56.00” Price Target for United Internet AG (UTDI) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Drillisch AG (DRI) a €64.00 Price Target Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Airbus SE (EPA:EAD) received a €88.50 ($97.25) target price from analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Saturday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other analysts also recently commented on EAD. Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating on shares of Airbus SE in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Commerzbank Ag set a €62.00 ($68.13) target price on shares of Airbus SE and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €79.00 ($86.81) target price on shares of Airbus SE and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday. DZ Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Airbus SE in a report on Friday. Finally, Berenberg Bank set a €72.50 ($79.67) target price on shares of Airbus SE and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of €76.11 ($83.63). COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/airbus-se-ead-pt-set-at-88-50-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Airbus SE Company Profile Airbus SE, formerly Airbus Group SE, is a company based in the Netherlands that is active in the aerospace and defense industry. The Company operates through three segments: Airbus Commercial Aircraft, Airbus Helicopters and Airbus Defence and Space. The Airbus Commercial Aircraft segment focuses on the development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of commercial jet aircraft and aircraft components, as well as on aircraft conversion and related services. Receive News & Ratings for Airbus SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Airbus SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 410 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €45.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€56.00” Price Target for United Internet AG (UTDI) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Drillisch AG (DRI) a €64.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG (HHFA) a €15.00 Price Target -$0.74 Earnings Per Share Expected for Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) This Quarter Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Receives $16.71 Consensus Price Target from Analysts BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $410.33 Consensus Price Target from Analysts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €106.40 ($116.92) price target on Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (ETR:FME) in a research report sent to investors on Saturday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. FME has been the subject of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €103.00 ($113.19) price target on shares of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €95.00 ($104.40) price target on shares of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Morgan Stanley set a €90.00 ($98.90) price target on shares of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Oddo Securities set a €95.00 ($104.40) price target on shares of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Berenberg Bank set a €94.00 ($103.30) price target on shares of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €88.77 ($97.55). Shares of Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (ETR:FME) traded down 0.46% during midday trading on Friday, hitting €81.79. 435 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of €81.40 and a 200-day moving average of €78.01. Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA has a 52 week low of €67.50 and a 52 week high of €86.08. The firm has a market cap of €25.05 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.97. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/jpmorgan-chase-106-40-price-target.html. Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA Company Profile Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co KGaA is a kidney dialysis company. The Company provides dialysis care and related services to persons suffering from end-stage renal disease (ESRD), as well as other healthcare services. The Company’s segments include North America Segment, the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) Segment, the Asia-Pacific Segment and the Latin America Segment. Receive News & Ratings for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GlaxoSmithKline plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €45.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€56.00” Price Target for United Internet AG (UTDI) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Drillisch AG (DRI) a €64.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG (HHFA) a €15.00 Price Target -$0.74 Earnings Per Share Expected for Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) This Quarter Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Receives $16.71 Consensus Price Target from Analysts BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $410.33 Consensus Price Target from Analysts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brenntag AG (BNR) Given a €53.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Adler Real Estate AG’s (ADL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) Given a €5.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 1,750 ($22.59) price objective on GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) in a research report report published on Saturday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. GSK has been the topic of several other reports. Morgan Stanley reissued an equal weight rating and issued a GBX 1,700 ($21.94) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a report on Monday, February 6th. Liberum Capital reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 1,900 ($24.53) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their price objective on GlaxoSmithKline plc from GBX 1,800 ($23.23) to GBX 1,850 ($23.88) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Shore Capital reissued a hold rating on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 1,750 ($22.59) price objective on shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,743.36 ($22.50). Shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc (LON:GSK) traded up 0.58% during midday trading on Friday, reaching GBX 1647.50. 9,217,003 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 80.50 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,618.77 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,586.40. GlaxoSmithKline plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,363.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,745.56. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-gbx-1750-price-target-for-glaxosmithkline-plc-gsk.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 13th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a GBX 19 ($0.25) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a yield of 1.21%. In other GlaxoSmithKline plc news, insider Moncef Slaoui bought 56 shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 7th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 2,072 ($26.75) per share, for a total transaction of £1,160.32 ($1,497.77). Also, insider Vivienne Cox bought 335 shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 1,583 ($20.43) per share, for a total transaction of £5,303.05 ($6,845.29). Insiders acquired 718 shares of company stock worth $1,183,024 in the last 90 days. GlaxoSmithKline plc Company Profile GlaxoSmithKline plc is a global healthcare company. The Company operates through three segments: Pharmaceuticals, Vaccines and Consumer Healthcare. The Company focuses on its research across six areas: Respiratory diseases, human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)/infectious diseases, Vaccines, Immuno-inflammation, Oncology and Rare diseases. Receive News & Ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GlaxoSmithKline plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schaeffler AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schaeffler AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €32.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) Given a €22.30 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Macquarie Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (SFQ) Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €18.50 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Schaeffler AG (SHA) PT Set at €13.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. $0.43 EPS Expected for Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) This Quarter Sixt Leasing SE (LNSX) PT Set at €23.50 by Warburg Research Scout24 AG (G24) Given a €37.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Telefonica S.A. (TEF) a €9.90 Price Target HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Telefonica S.A. (TEF) a €9.30 Price Target Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Fresenius SE & Co KGaA (FRE) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €153.00 Price Target by Societe Generale Analysts LHC Group (LHCG) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Robert Half International (RHI) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.08 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Resources Connection (RECN) Stock Price Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Stock Price Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €29.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Carl Zeiss Meditec AG (AFX) Given a €44.00 Price Target by Independent Research GmbH Analysts SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (SFQ) Given a €19.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Zalando Se (ZLDSF) Given Neutral Rating at DZ Bank AG Schaeffler AG (SHA) PT Set at €13.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Schaeffler AG (FRA:SHA) has been assigned a €13.50 ($14.84) price target by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Saturday. The brokerage presently has a “sell” rating on the stock. Separately, HSBC Holdings plc set a €18.00 ($19.78) price target on Schaeffler AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday. Schaeffler AG (FRA:SHA) traded up 1.56% during midday trading on Friday, hitting €15.30. The stock had a trading volume of 4,390 shares. The company has a market cap of €10.19 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.51. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €15.62 and a 200-day moving average price of €14.55. Schaeffler AG has a 12-month low of €11.33 and a 12-month high of €16.60. WARNING: “Schaeffler AG (SHA) PT Set at €13.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/schaeffler-ag-sha-pt-set-at-13-50-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for Schaeffler AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schaeffler AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Leoni Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Leoni Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.20 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect JD.Com (JD) Share Price Vonovia SE (VNA) Given a €37.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Leoni Ag (LEO) Given a €50.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Proteon Therapeutics (PRTO) Given News Impact Score of 0.31 United Internet AG (UTDI) Given a €50.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Analysts Anticipate Triumph Bancorp Inc (TBK) to Announce $0.30 Earnings Per Share $186.75 Million in Sales Expected for Web.com Group Inc (WEB) This Quarter Leoni AG (LNNNF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €8.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Novartis AG (NOVN) PT Set at CHF 100 by Jefferies Group LLC Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) PT Set at €7.60 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brokerages Anticipate ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) to Announce -$0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Simmons First National (SFNC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Signature Bank (SBNY) Share Price CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Leoni Ag (LEO) Given a €50.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €50.00 ($54.95) price objective on Leoni Ag (ETR:LEO) in a research report report published on Saturday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Separately, Warburg Research set a €65.00 ($71.43) price target on shares of Leoni Ag and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Saturday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €53.71 ($59.03). Leoni Ag (ETR:LEO) traded up 0.57% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €51.74. 3,684 shares of the stock were exchanged. Leoni Ag has a one year low of €23.04 and a one year high of €55.85. The company has a market cap of €1.69 billion and a P/E ratio of 53.18. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €49.48 and a 200-day moving average price of €39.64. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/leoni-ag-leo-given-a-50-00-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Leoni Ag Company Profile Leoni AG is a Germany-based company that provides wires, optical fibers, cables, cable systems, and related services. The Company’s main target market is the automotive and commercial vehicles industry, but it also supplies its products to the healthcare, communication and infrastructure, electrical appliances, as well as conductors and copper solutions industries. Receive News & Ratings for Leoni Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Leoni Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vonovia SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vonovia SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.20 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect JD.Com (JD) Share Price Vonovia SE (VNA) Given a €37.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Leoni Ag (LEO) Given a €50.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Proteon Therapeutics (PRTO) Given News Impact Score of 0.31 United Internet AG (UTDI) Given a €50.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Analysts Anticipate Triumph Bancorp Inc (TBK) to Announce $0.30 Earnings Per Share $186.75 Million in Sales Expected for Web.com Group Inc (WEB) This Quarter Leoni AG (LNNNF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €8.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Novartis AG (NOVN) PT Set at CHF 100 by Jefferies Group LLC Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) PT Set at €7.60 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brokerages Anticipate ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) to Announce -$0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Simmons First National (SFNC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Signature Bank (SBNY) Share Price CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Vonovia SE (VNA) Given a €37.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €37.50 ($41.21) target price on Vonovia SE (ETR:VNA) in a research report report published on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Separately, Berenberg Bank set a €40.00 ($43.96) price objective on Vonovia SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. Vonovia SE (ETR:VNA) traded down 0.221% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €34.285. The stock had a trading volume of 4,201 shares. Vonovia SE has a 12 month low of €28.80 and a 12 month high of €37.00. The company has a market cap of €15.98 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 6.945. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €34.08 and its 200 day moving average is €32.06. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/vonovia-se-vna-given-a-37-50-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Vonovia SE Company Profile Vonovia SE, formerly Deutsche Annington Immobilien SE, is a Germany-based real estate that focuses on residential properties. The majority of its portfolio is located in the old German Federal States including Berlin. Furthermore, it offers additional real-estate related services. The Company operates three segments: residential real estate; commercial properties, and Undeveloped land. Receive News & Ratings for Vonovia SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vonovia SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Experian plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Experian plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JD.Com Inc (JD) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Auto Trader Group PLC (AUTO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital BHP Billiton plc’s (BLT) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Macquarie Tharisa Plc’s (THS) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Imperial Oil Ltd (IMO) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Hoya Corp (HOCPY) to Sell Experian plc (EXPN) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Warrior Met Coal LLC’s Q2 2017 Earnings (HCC) Expedia Inc (EXPE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Rank Group PLC (RNK) John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) Coverage Initiated at Bank of America Corp Chico's FAS, Inc. (CHS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Cosco Shipping Hol (CICOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research National Grid plc (NG) Rating Reiterated by HSBC Holdings plc Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Bodycote Plc (BYPLF) to “Buy” Barloworld Limited (BRRAY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Stock Rating Upgraded by Wells Fargo & Co Stratasys, Ltd. (SSYS) Rating Lowered to Hold at Jefferies Group LLC Wedbush Upgrades Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) to “Outperform” Experian plc (EXPN) Earns Overweight Rating from Barclays PLC May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reaffirmed their overweight rating on shares of Experian plc (LON:EXPN) in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 1,800 ($23.23) target price on the stock, up from their previous target price of GBX 1,750 ($22.59). Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. BNP Paribas reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 1,550 ($20.01) price target on shares of Experian plc in a research note on Monday, February 13th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a reduce rating and issued a GBX 1,150 ($14.84) price objective on shares of Experian plc in a research note on Monday, April 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 1,848 ($23.85) price objective on shares of Experian plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc boosted their price objective on shares of Experian plc from GBX 1,845 ($23.82) to GBX 1,850 ($23.88) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their price objective on shares of Experian plc from GBX 1,505 ($19.43) to GBX 1,630 ($21.04) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 1,656.42 ($21.38). Experian plc (LON:EXPN) opened at 1630.00 on Tuesday. Experian plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,224.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,708.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 15.17 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,643.66 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,573.01. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/experian-plc-expn-earns-overweight-rating-from-barclays-plc.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 21st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be given a dividend of $0.29 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 22nd. This is an increase from Experian plc’s previous dividend of $0.13. This represents a dividend yield of 1.33%. In other news, insider Lloyd Pitchford sold 6,454 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,627 ($21.00), for a total transaction of £105,006.58 ($135,544.83). Experian plc Company Profile Experian plc is an information services company. The Company brings together people, data, analytics and software to deliver a range of services for consumers and clients. The Company’s segments include Credit Services, Decision Analytics, Marketing Services and Consumer Services. The Company manages data that helps businesses and organizations to lend, and prevent fraud. Receive News & Ratings for Experian plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Experian plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu World Markets Banking Enabling Microfinance institutions to scale up CIBN prepares to unveil 2016 financial results Wema Bank appoints Babatunde Kasali chairman Bond Market Updated: Nigeria finds succour in Sukkuk as high yields frustrate fund raising moves FG to raise N105bn  in local currency bonds Nigeria to meet investors next week ahead of possible bond sale – sources Fund Managers High-yielding investments into floral business are now available to everybody Transfast Surveys “Women of the Nigerian Diaspora” for Global Women's Day Celebration 2016 FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange posts N6.57trn transactions Market Report Earnings season: Speculator move to raise bet on value stocks These lenders have the cheapest valuation Stocks offer attractive entry opportunity for risk tolerant investors Real Estate Shelter Afrique, UN-Habitat collaborate to tackle African housing challenges Real estate struggles on sluggish trading numbers, space uptake in Q1 New investment havens emerging as luxury market drops Financial Inclusion Close Technology Companies Branding TAMS summit will deepen national consciousness on the importance of productivity - Abiodun Company ‘Corporate governance policy must drive company’s sustainable agenda’ Analysts rate DANGCEM ‘buy’ on strong price, energy efficiency Sovereign Trust underwriting profit up 30.17 percent amid rising claims Motoring TNL leads Nigeria’s sliding auto market Ford vehicles back Nigerians skill growth Stimulating Nigeria’s economic, industrial growth on rails Close Economy Business Intelligence ‘Solvency 11 can spur insurance industry to growth’ 5 investments in the digital space that will yield billions in 2017 Experts predict manufacturing rebound on oil price, budget Government Business ‎FG charges new FRC board on corporate governance CBN Anchor Borrower Programme: Kebbi recovers N1b from 78,500 beneficiaries Kano Economic, Investment Summit moved to May Insurance Insurance regulation in Sub-Saharan Africa complex, challenging – experts PenCom’s new investment guideline seeks safety, fair returns ‘NAICOM committed to protection of insurance industry shareholders, policy holders’ Close Business BDSunday Real Gist Subscribe Login Menu World Markets Banking Enabling Microfinance institutions to scale up CIBN prepares to unveil 2016 financial results Wema Bank appoints Babatunde Kasali chairman Bond Market Updated: Nigeria finds succour in Sukkuk as high yields frustrate fund raising moves FG to raise N105bn  in local currency bonds Nigeria to meet investors next week ahead of possible bond sale – sources Fund Managers High-yielding investments into floral business are now available to everybody Transfast Surveys “Women of the Nigerian Diaspora” for Global Women's Day Celebration 2016 FMDQ OTC Securities Exchange posts N6.57trn transactions Market Report Earnings season: Speculator move to raise bet on value stocks These lenders have the cheapest valuation Stocks offer attractive entry opportunity for risk tolerant investors Real Estate Shelter Afrique, UN-Habitat collaborate to tackle African housing challenges Real estate struggles on sluggish trading numbers, space uptake in Q1 New investment havens emerging as luxury market drops Financial Inclusion Close Technology Companies Branding TAMS summit will deepen national consciousness on the importance of productivity - Abiodun Company ‘Corporate governance policy must drive company’s sustainable agenda’ Analysts rate DANGCEM ‘buy’ on strong price, energy efficiency Sovereign Trust underwriting profit up 30.17 percent amid rising claims Motoring TNL leads Nigeria’s sliding auto market Ford vehicles back Nigerians skill growth Stimulating Nigeria’s economic, industrial growth on rails Close Economy Business Intelligence ‘Solvency 11 can spur insurance industry to growth’ 5 investments in the digital space that will yield billions in 2017 Experts predict manufacturing rebound on oil price, budget Government Business ‎FG charges new FRC board on corporate governance CBN Anchor Borrower Programme: Kebbi recovers N1b from 78,500 beneficiaries Kano Economic, Investment Summit moved to May Insurance Insurance regulation in Sub-Saharan Africa complex, challenging – experts PenCom’s new investment guideline seeks safety, fair returns ‘NAICOM committed to protection of insurance industry shareholders, policy holders’ Close Business BDSunday Real Gist Subscribe Login Home Five Things Five fascinating business facts – Part 18 May 22nd, 2017 DigitControl Five Things 0 comments $35bn The world’s richest people lost $35 billion last Wednesday when global equity markets were rocked by political turmoil in the U.S., according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Bill Gates, the world’s richest person with $86.8 billion, lost $1 billion as shares of Microsoft Corp., his largest holding, tumbled 2.8 percent, the most in almost a year. Amazon.com Inc. co-founder Jeff Bezos, who came within $4 billion of taking the top spot from Gates earlier this week, dropped to No. 3 after losing $1.7 billion as shares of the online retailer slid 2.2 percent. Spanish retailing tycoon Amancio Ortega lost $355 million to end the day in the second position with $83.2 billion. $34/bbl OPEC may get its members to agree to continue to tamp down oil production, but it will likely produce the unintended effect of emboldening shale producers in the United States to pump more oil onto the global market. The crash in oil prices have helped US shale producers to become even more efficient with estimates pointing to enormous Permian and Eagle Ford shale fields in Texas where producers can break even at prices as low as $34 a barrel. Analysts now say shale production will increase 1.4 million barrels a day through December, up from a previous growth estimate of 0.9 million barrels a day. JPMorgan Chase & Co. doubled its forecast to an increase of 800,000 barrels a day for the same period. $1.3bn Alisher Usmanov, the Russian billionaire who owns a minority stake in Arsenal football club, has in recent weeks made a $1.3bn bid to buy out his rival shareholder, according to three people close to the situation. Mr Usmanov, a metals magnate who owns 30 per cent of the English Premier League club, conveyed the offer in a letter to Stan Kroenke, the US sports mogul, who controls a 67 per cent stake. The approach, made last month, valued the club at $2bn. Remember that our own Aliko Dangote has also expressed interest in controlling Arsenal. $10bn US private equity firm Bain Capital has made a $10bn bid for Toshiba’s prized Nand memory chip subsidiary that could result in management running the Japanese unit getting a stake in the business. The proposed arrangements are meant to enhance the political acceptability of a deal in which some of the capital behind the Bain bid comes from South Korean chipmaker SK Hynix. Toshiba set a deadline of Friday for binding offers for the Japanese industrial conglomerate’s flagship technology asset. 119 South Africa which calls itself the most developed country in the continent was ranked 119 out of 195 countries in the Healthcare Access and Quality Index published by medical journal Lancet on Friday. This placed SA which received 52 points only one rank below Namibia causing upset among the people of the country. The country with the best score, Andorra, received 95 followed by 94 for Iceland and 92 for Switzerland. Central African Republic received the worst score of 29, with Afghanistan and Somalia rounding off the bottom three, with scores of 32 and 34 respectively. Tags five things Frank Aigbogun Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Previous article Oando Plc rebounds with mind-blowing 97.6% ytd gain DigitControl Related Posts Five Things May 15th, 2017 Five fascinating business facts – Part 17 Five Things May 8th, 2017 Five fascinating business facts – Part 16 Five Things May 1st, 2017 Five fascinating business facts – Part 15 Leave a Reply Cancel reply BD eXpress New Executive Orders on Ease of Doing Business: Osinabajo to engage public, civil servants Acting President Yemi Osinbajo will meet with a cross-section of middle and senior level public... Real Madrid end five years wait for LaLiga title Real Madrid won their first La LaLiga title since 2012 thanks to a final-day victory at Malaga, the... Diet contributes 85% to athletes’ performance, says Sports Physician A Sports Medicine Physician, Tajudeen Sule, says it is important for athletes to take balanced... Customs destroys seized poultry products worth N14m The Nigerian Customs Service on Sunday in Benin destroyed seized imported poultry products worth... UTME: JAMB will watch CCTV examination footages to sanction cheats The Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) says it will watch recordings of proceedings in... MUST READ Banks say worst over for the economy Nigerian banks are going out on a limb to predict that Africa’s largest economy which is... May 22nd, 2017 inExclusives Nigeria fiddles as peers ramp up gas investments Nigeria’s oil peers are crafting investment-friendly policies to cash in on the growth in... May 22nd, 2017 inExclusives Pharma firms embrace mergers as FX woes weigh on profits Nigerian Pharmaceutical firms are embracing mergers as a means to scale up operations and better... May 22nd, 2017 inExclusives Annuity suffers again on non-inclusion of intermediaries in new guidelines The complete absence of insurance intermediaries in the recently released joint guidelines on... May 22nd, 2017 inExclusives Osinbajo Panel: Report will be made public in due course- Presidency The Presidency has urged Nigerians to be patient with the Presidential Panel that investigated the... May 21st, 2017 inExclusives RECENT NEWS May 21st 10:33 PM News New Executive Orders on Ease of Doing Business: Osinabajo to engage public, civil servants May 21st 9:30 PM News Real Madrid end five years wait for LaLiga title May 21st 7:39 PM News Diet contributes 85% to athletes’ performance, says Sports Physician ANALYSIS Science versus corruption at Cambridge Opinion May 22nd, 2017 Opinion The Epistle according to Saint Dino May 21st, 2017 COMPANIES Companies ‘Corporate governance policy must drive company’s sustainable agenda’ May 22nd, 2017 Companies Analysts rate DANGCEM ‘buy’ on strong price, energy efficiency May 22nd, 2017 Companies Sovereign Trust underwriting profit up 30.17 percent amid rising claims May 22nd, 2017 Current Issues A crucial week for Nigeria’s economy This week could be described as a turning-point week for the Nigerian economy. This is because of... May 22nd, 2017 inColumnists Click here - to select or create a menu Back to top News National Africa World Financial Inclusion Opinion Editorial Columnists Cartoons BD Extra HBR The Economist FT Metro BusinessDay WebTV Newspaper review Nigerians Speak Sectoral Analysis SME Update Sports Interview Science and Technology Other Media Infographics Cartoons Gallery Sports Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Youth Magazine Art House Literature Revue Sound n' Screen Theatre Visual Arts Women in Business Policy & Politics BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Real Estate Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Off Duty Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople West Africa Energy Highlights Debriefing Africa Roundup Rest of the World Energy Finance Market Insight Talking Point Business Day Sunday Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Business ePaper Today's ePaper 2017 ePaper Archive 2016 ePaper Archive Advertise With Us Online Rates Copyright © 2016 Business Day Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Banco Santander S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Morgan Stanley Boosts BCE Inc. (BCE) Price Target to C$62.00 BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given a GBX 1,500 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Scotiabank Boosts Granite Real Estate Investment Trust (GRT.UN) Price Target to C$51.00 Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) a €5.95 Price Target Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.07 Per Share (VRTX) Cormark Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Trevali Mining Corp (TV) TheStreet Upgrades Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) to B- AEGON (AEG) Rating Lowered to C at TheStreet Western Digital Corp (WDC) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Trimble Inc (TRMB) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $640.76 Million Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $161.65 Million Analysts Expect Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $520,000.00 Brokerages Expect Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.5 Billion $311.98 Million in Sales Expected for MYR Group Inc (MYRG) This Quarter Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Short Interest Update Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Short Interest Update California Water Service Group (CWT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $163.25 Million Axon Enterprise Inc (AAXN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $75.02 Million TiVo Corp (TIVO) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $192.48 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $206.68 Million Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) a €5.95 Price Target May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Banco Santander, S.A. (BME:SAN) has been assigned a €5.95 ($6.54) price objective by equities researchers at Citigroup Inc in a report released on Monday. The firm presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. HSBC Holdings plc set a €6.65 ($7.31) price target on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €7.60 ($8.35) price target on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €6.70 ($7.36) price target on Banco Santander, and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday. Shares of Banco Santander, (BME:SAN) opened at 6.57 on Monday. Banco Santander, has a 12 month low of $3.60 and a 12 month high of $6.99. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $6.35 and its 200 day moving average is $5.56. The company has a market capitalization of $95.79 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.34. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) a €5.95 Price Target” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/citigroup-inc-analysts-give-banco-santander-s-a-san-a-5-95-price-target.html. About Banco Santander, Banco Santander, SA is a retail and commercial bank. The Banks segments include Continental Europe, the United Kingdom, Latin America and the United States. The Continental Europe segment covers all businesses in the Continental Europe. The United Kingdom segment includes the businesses developed by various units and branches in the country. Receive News & Ratings for Banco Santander S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Banco Santander S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Morgan Stanley Boosts BCE Inc. (BCE) Price Target to C$62.00 BHP Billiton plc (BLT) Given a GBX 1,500 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Scotiabank Boosts Granite Real Estate Investment Trust (GRT.UN) Price Target to C$51.00 Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) a €5.95 Price Target Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.07 Per Share (VRTX) Cormark Equities Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Trevali Mining Corp (TV) TheStreet Upgrades Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) to B- AEGON (AEG) Rating Lowered to C at TheStreet Western Digital Corp (WDC) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Trimble Inc (TRMB) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $640.76 Million Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $161.65 Million Analysts Expect Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $520,000.00 Brokerages Expect Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.5 Billion $311.98 Million in Sales Expected for MYR Group Inc (MYRG) This Quarter Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Short Interest Update Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Short Interest Update California Water Service Group (CWT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $163.25 Million Axon Enterprise Inc (AAXN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $75.02 Million TiVo Corp (TIVO) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $192.48 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $206.68 Million Morgan Stanley Boosts BCE Inc. (BCE) Price Target to C$62.00 May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE) had its price objective raised by Morgan Stanley from C$61.00 to C$62.00 in a research note published on Wednesday morning. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on BCE from C$64.00 to C$66.00 in a report on Monday, May 15th. Scotiabank reissued a sector perform rating and issued a C$61.00 price target on shares of BCE in a report on Thursday, April 27th. National Bank Financial boosted their price target on BCE from C$59.00 to C$61.00 in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Royal Bank of Canada upped their target price on BCE from C$60.00 to C$61.00 and gave the stock a sector perform rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, TD Securities reaffirmed a hold rating and set a C$59.00 target price on shares of BCE in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. BCE presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of C$62.21. Shares of BCE (TSE:BCE) opened at 60.40 on Wednesday. BCE has a one year low of $56.80 and a one year high of $63.40. The stock has a market capitalization of $54.33 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.36. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $61.04 and its 200-day moving average is $58.95. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/morgan-stanley-boosts-bce-inc-bce-price-target-to-c62-00.html. In other BCE news, Director Katherine M. Lee bought 1,000 shares of BCE stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was acquired at an average cost of C$57.57 per share, with a total value of C$57,570.00. Also, insider Duc Bernard Le sold 63,746 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of C$58.26, for a total value of C$3,713,841.96. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 227,360 shares of company stock valued at $13,521,683. BCE Company Profile BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company’s segments include Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Its Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data communications products and services to its residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy Policy About/Contact Us Terms and Conditions Contributors Write For Us MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow Baseball News Source Latest News Astoria Financial Corp (AF) Upgraded by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods to “Outperform” Anthem Inc (ANTM) Price Target Raised to $212.00 Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for LSB Industries, Inc. (LXU) Issued By Feltl & Co. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Receives Hold Rating from SunTrust Banks, Inc. Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Position Decreased by Westwood Management Corp IL V Wealth Management LLC Acquires 1,320 Shares of Carnival Corp (CCL) Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Scientific Games Corp (SGMS) Given New $24.00 Price Target at Stifel Nicolaus Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Enzymotec Ltd (ENZY) to “Hold” Wagner Bowman Management Corp Has $255,000 Position in Intuit Inc. (INTU) Murphy Pohlad Asset Management LLC Sells 1,100 Shares of AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Naples Global Advisors LLC Lowers Position in Westar Energy Inc (WR) HC Wainwright Raises Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Price Target to $75.00 TD Securities Reiterates Reduce Rating for Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Posted by James Conley on May 21st, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (NYSE:AEM) (TSE:AEM)‘s stock had its “outperform” rating reiterated by Scotiabank in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday, April 28th. They presently have a $56.50 price objective on the mining company’s stock. Scotiabank’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 14.74% from the company’s previous close. AEM has been the subject of several other research reports. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. BMO Capital Markets set a $46.00 price objective on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Barclays PLC decreased their target price on shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from $58.00 to $53.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Agnico Eagle Mines from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $53.94. Get Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd alerts: Agnico Eagle Mines (NYSE:AEM) traded up 0.88% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $49.24. 1,724,298 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market capitalization of $11.34 billion, a PE ratio of 54.71 and a beta of -0.51. Agnico Eagle Mines has a 1-year low of $35.05 and a 1-year high of $60.10. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $46.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $44.52. Agnico Eagle Mines (NYSE:AEM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The mining company reported $0.28 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.17. Agnico Eagle Mines had a net margin of 3.80% and a return on equity of 2.27%. The company had revenue of $547.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $528.14 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.12 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Agnico Eagle Mines will post $0.70 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.81%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 30th. Agnico Eagle Mines’s dividend payout ratio is 88.89%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank” was originally posted by BBNS and is the sole property of of BBNS. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://baseballnewssource.com/markets/agnico-eagle-mines-ltd-aem-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-scotiabank-updated-updated/686999.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in AEM. Van ECK Associates Corp raised its position in Agnico Eagle Mines by 4.4% in the first quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 17,122,389 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $726,674,000 after buying an additional 717,045 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC raised its position in Agnico Eagle Mines by 8.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 11,200,604 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $470,916,000 after buying an additional 874,108 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Agnico Eagle Mines by 4.4% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,092,431 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $216,122,000 after buying an additional 215,145 shares in the last quarter. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. raised its position in Agnico Eagle Mines by 9.9% in the third quarter. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. now owns 2,941,418 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $158,793,000 after buying an additional 264,625 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TD Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Agnico Eagle Mines by 4.1% in the first quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,775,540 shares of the mining company’s stock worth $117,419,000 after buying an additional 108,199 shares in the last quarter. 61.32% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Agnico Eagle Mines Agnico Eagle Mines Limited is a gold producer with mining operations in northwestern Quebec, northern Mexico, northern Finland and Nunavut and exploration activities in Canada, Europe, Latin America and the United States. The Company operates through three business units. The Northern Business consists of its operations in Canada and Finland. Receive News & Ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd and related companies with our FREE daily email newsletter.   Latest News MLB and Facebook Announce Live Streaming for Games Can Anyway Stop the Houston Astros? Kevin Pillar Turns from Defense to Offense Chris Iannetta Hit in Face with 93mph Fastball Ryan Zimmerman Resurgence Once Again Helping Nationals Cody Bellinger Knocking the Cover Off the Ball Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home MLB News Trade Rumors Scores Fantasy News Injuries College Prospects Markets © 2006-2017 BBNS.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cardiome Pharma Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cardiome Pharma Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cardiome Pharma Corp (CRME) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Tidewater Midstream & Infrastructure Ltd (TWM) Director Joel Macleod Acquires 100,000 Shares $48.77 Million in Sales Expected for Kona Grill Inc (KONA) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $39.39 Million Spectra Energy Corp. (SE) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Hoegh LNG Partners LP (HMLP) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Genpact Limited (G) Target Price at $28.43 OFS Capital Corp (OFS) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Analysts Set Allianz SE (AZSEY) PT at $20.00 Sappi Limited (SPP) Receives $15.33 Average Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) Price Target at $0.73 Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Receives $53.19 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Daimler AG (DDAIF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Dixons Carphone PLC (DC) Receives GBX 411.73 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set $20.80 Target Price for Infineon Technologies AG (IFNNY) Tocagen Inc (TOCA) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Set $15.00 Target Price for Valeritas Holdings, Inc. (VLRX) -$0.18 Earnings Per Share Expected for Sonus Networks, Inc. (SONS) This Quarter -$0.55 EPS Expected for Syros Pharmaceuticals Inc (SYRS) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate ShoreTel Inc (SHOR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $90.69 Million Cardiome Pharma Corp (CRME) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Cardiome Pharma Corp (NASDAQ:CRME) (TSE:COM) saw a large increase in short interest in the month of April. As of April 28th, there was short interest totalling 103,857 shares, an increase of 32.2% from the April 13th total of 78,546 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 66,191 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 1.6 days. Cardiome Pharma Corp (NASDAQ:CRME) traded up 0.48% during trading on Friday, reaching $4.20. The company had a trading volume of 433,848 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $3.27 and its 200 day moving average price is $2.98. The firm’s market capitalization is $134.09 million. Cardiome Pharma Corp has a one year low of $2.35 and a one year high of $5.75. Cardiome Pharma Corp (NASDAQ:CRME) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 15th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.20) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.15) by $0.05. Cardiome Pharma Corp had a negative return on equity of 92.96% and a negative net margin of 93.43%. The company had revenue of $5.19 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.96 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.06) earnings per share. Cardiome Pharma Corp’s revenue for the quarter was down 26.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Cardiome Pharma Corp will post ($0.57) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its stake in Cardiome Pharma Corp by 17.9% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 253,413 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $763,000 after buying an additional 38,400 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Cardiome Pharma Corp by 105.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 112,679 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $339,000 after buying an additional 57,782 shares in the last quarter. Knott David M acquired a new stake in Cardiome Pharma Corp during the first quarter worth approximately $230,000. Stonepine Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Cardiome Pharma Corp by 64.6% in the fourth quarter. Stonepine Capital Management LLC now owns 3,158,816 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $8,718,000 after buying an additional 1,240,094 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Tamarack Advisers LP acquired a new stake in Cardiome Pharma Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $6,941,000. 62.21% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. A number of research firms recently issued reports on CRME. HC Wainwright set a $10.00 price objective on Cardiome Pharma Corp and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cardiome Pharma Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $5.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Cardiome Pharma Corp (CRME) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/cardiome-pharma-corp-crme-sees-significant-increase-in-short-interest.html. Cardiome Pharma Corp Company Profile Cardiome Pharma Corp. (Cardiome) is a specialty pharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of cardiovascular therapies for heart disease. The Company’s segments are Europe and Rest of World. Cardiome has two marketed, in-hospital, cardiology products, which include BRINAVESS (vernakalant IV), approved in Europe and other territories for the conversion of onset atrial fibrillation (AF) to sinus rhythm in adults, and AGGRASTAT (tirofiban hydrochloride (HCl)), indicated for use in patients with acute coronary syndrome. Receive News & Ratings for Cardiome Pharma Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cardiome Pharma Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Qatar GCC Middle East Europe Americas Africa India Pakistan/Afghanistan Asia Philippines Oceania Business Qatar Business GCC Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Oil Market Sports Qatar Sport Football Tennis Formula One Cricket Athletics Golf NBA Rugby Basketball Olympics Life Style Features & more Tech & Science Motoring Health Food Travel Views Editor in Chief Columns Opinion In Focus Syrian Civil War Islamic State Doha Today Community Campus Souq Entertainment Hollywood Bollywood World Cinema Music In Focus Qatar 2022 Syria Civil War Jobs Search Jobs Advanced Search Post Your CV Breaking News Bomb at hospital in Thai capital, Bangkok, wounds 24 - police Home Business GCC Business Previous Post Saudi stocks bask in Trump glow Corporate A-listers descend on Riyadh  22 May 2017 - 0:53 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon Bloomberg Washington/Riyadh:  Defense contractors were the big winners, but President Donald Trump’s first day in Saudi Arabia yielded a slew of high-profile investment deals that showcased the administration’s ability to draw support from major corporations. Top executives who descended on Riyadh for a CEO summit timed to coincide with Trump’s visit included JPMorgan Chase & Co. Chief Executive Officer Jamie Dimon, Blackstone Group LP CEO Steve Schwarzman, and Marillyn Hewson, the CEO of Lockheed Martin Corp. Saturday’s meeting, the “Saudi-U.S. CEO Forum,” drew the kind of corporate firepower Trump suggested he could harness when he ran for the Oval Office as a Washington outsider/business executive who would reach outside the Beltway and enlist other executives in support of the administration’s economic goals. More than 30 CEOs of major U.S. companies were on hand for the summit, at the Four Seasons Hotel in Riyadh. Some later joined Trump and Saudi officials at the Royal Court Palace for a deal-signing ceremony. Those who spoke to reporters said they weren’t put off by drama surrounding the Trump White House. “We’re just seeing tremendous opportunity with Trump coming here,” said Steven Demetriou, CEO of Jacobs Engineering Group.   Blackstone Group LP CEO Steve Schwarzman   Dimon gave a thumbs-up to Trump’s deregulatory agenda in an interview with Bloomberg Television. “Most of us in business think that regulations have been holding back growth,” he said. Arms deals and intentions alone announced on Saturday totaled some $110bn, in what would be the largest arms package in US history. Meanwhile, Blackstone, the world’s biggest private equity manager, announced an agreement with Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to invest $100bn in infrastructure projects, mainly in the US. Derided by Trump at times over the cost of the F-35 fighter jet program, Lockheed seemed to have made peace with the White House. Earlier this week, the New York Times reported that Trump’s son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner phoned Hewson while meeting a Saudi delegation, suggesting Lockheed lower the cost of an anti-missile system it was pitching to the Saudis. Lockheed Martin Corp  CEO Marillyn Hewson. Price cut or not, Lockheed racked up more than $28bn in sales and intentions, the company said in a statement, covering integrated air and missile defense, combat ships, tactical aircraft and rotary wing technologies and programs. Also on hand in Riyadh was Boeing Co. Chief Executive Officer Dennis Muilenburg; Trump has at times encouraged Boeing and Lockheed to compete for pricey US defense contacts. “This is a great vote of confidence by the United States in the business environment of Saudi Arabia,” Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, traveling with the president, said during a press conference. The military sales and intended deals fall broadly into five categories: border security and counterterrorism; maritime and coastal security; air force modernization; air and missile defense; and cybersecurity and communications upgrades, according to a State Department statement. Share this post Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Editor-in-Chief The Peninsula: Leading from the front Dr. Khalid Al-Shafi Opinions Palestinians expect nothing good from Trump Omar Barghouti Uber needs to change to stay a tech company Leonid Bershidsky Security and stability: Somalia’s big... Boris Johnson Look past my headscarf Sawsan Morrar Emergence of new spontaneous media Aiman Abboushi Impact of globalisation on Qatari youth AlDana Al-Athba Emir’s visit to Africa: A step in the right... Dr Mohammad Saleh Al Misfer How Bashar Al Assad rescued Trump Dr Daud Abdullah Donald Trump’s symbolic strike on Syria Ibrahim Al Marashi Teaching and learning Arabic language Dr. Kenneth Hulslander Latest News Hot News Bomb at hospital in Thai capital, Bangkok, wounds 24 -...  22 May 2017 - 9:52 Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields with James Hakett - Forbes  22 May 2017 - 9:38 Quality of life on rise for many Africans, report says  22 May 2017 - 9:27 Qatar announces working hours during Ramadan  15 May 2017 - 14:03 Sports roundabout to fall soon; Ashghal plans to build...  16 May 2017 - 17:33 Three workers die at Qatari Armed Forces building site  17 May 2017 - 12:13 Video Gallery Photo Gallery Aspire first International Kite Festival Doha Festival City QIFF 2017 by Salim Matramkot QIFF 2017 by Abdul Basit Qatar Airways - QSuite Latest Tweets Tweets by @PeninsulaQatar Latest News Bomb at hospital in Thai capital, Bangkok, wounds 24 - police Ford to replace CEO Mark Fields with James Hakett - Forbes Quality of life on rise for many Africans, report says Hot News Qatar announces working hours during Ramadan Sports roundabout to fall soon; Ashghal plans to build signal-controlled intersection Three workers die at Qatari Armed Forces building site About Us The Peninsula newspaper provides extensive news coverage, incisive analyses and trenchant commentary from around the world, but with firm roots and primary focus on life in Qatar. Stay in touch © 2017 All Rights Reserved. Toggle navigation About Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse 'The Wizard Of Lies': Is HBO's Bernie Madoff Biopic Worth The Time Investment? Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 21, 2017 6:22pm   Comments Share: Related TWX Top 9 Places Professionals Want To Work Is 21st Century Fox The Only Media Stock Worth Buying? Steven Cohen Buys Facebook Inc, Continental Resources Inc, McDonald's Corp, Sells Bunge, Yahoo! ... (GuruFocus) The decades-long story of Bernie Madoff begins in the dark corners of a Wall Street office and ends on Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX)’s HBO. Barry Levinson’s “The Wizard Of Lies,” based on a book by Diana Henriques, debuted Saturday and gave a glimpse into the non-financial impact of Madoff’s infamous scam. The Backstory In December 2008, the Federal Bureau of Investigation arrested Madoff for securities fraud committed through his 50-year-old investment securities firm. In the following months, he confessed to having run the largest Ponzi scheme in U.S. history, pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies and was sentenced to 150 years in federal prison. By some estimates, Madoff robbed his clients of about $17 billion, but others calculate losses near $65 billion. And those were just financial damages. Madoff’s son committed suicide on the second anniversary of his arrest. His wife, "embarrased and ashamed," cut all contact with him. His younger brother, Peter, earned a 10-year sentence for crimes related to the scandal. And a number of other entities got mixed up in the case, from the hard-hit New York Mets to Madoff’s bankers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), which was investigated in 2013 for involvement in the fraud and paid $2.6 billion in 2014 to settle Madoff-related cases. “The Wizard of Lies” reflects on the diverse repercussions of the crime and the mentality of a person capable of orchestrating it. The Critical Voice The film earned a 65 percent on Rotten Tomatoes and a Metacritic score of 67. Here are some highlights from the mixed but positive-leaning reviews. “While the movie spends comparatively little time on the thousands of people Madoff defrauded (acknowledging them in a couple of brief but intense montages), it conveys the severity of his crimes in the devastation of his immediate family, showing how he did lasting damage to the people he loved most, and none of them ever understood why.” — Josh Bell, Las Vegas Weekly “The Wizard of Lies is less convincingly about Bernie Madoff than it is about the struggle to understand Bernie Madoff: The search for why and how, by his family and his victims and the system, maybe even the man himself.” — Darren Franich, Entertainment Weekly “We may be wrong to look for scapegoats for the 2008 global financial crisis, but by normalizing Madoff's behavior, The Wizard of Lies thoughtlessly asks us to sympathize with a devil we don't want to know.” — Simon Abrams, The Guardian “The Wizard of Lies... doesn't try to either understand or humanize Madoff, but all the same it manages to be an intimate, unsettling portrait of a borderline sociopath.” — David Sims, The Atlantic Related Link: ‘Betting On Zero,’ Bill Ackman’s Anti-Herbalife Film, Rated 100% On Rotten Tomatoes Bernie Madoff Shows The Importance Of Understanding The Economic Moat Of An Investment Bernie Madoff Proves The Value Of Dividend Stocks Posted-In: Bernie Madoff HBO The Wizard of LiesMedia Reviews Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (JPM + TWX) Top 9 Places Professionals Want To Work 10 Industries That Could Be Impacted by Driverless Cars The Top 11 Analysts On TipRanks And What They Cover Preparing The Shopping List For Bull Market Discounts The Market In 5 Minutes Banking Problems In The Cannabis Industry Are 'Somewhat Overblown In The Press' View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on TWX Trending Recent 1 P, LYV: 3 Potential Paths For Pandora 2 WMT: Jon Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Wal-Mart 3 FB, AAPL: Comparing Big Tech Stocks On Fundamentals 4 FB, COTY: Snapchat Effect Gives Booming Cosmetic Industry A Makeover 5 CBDS, MJNA: Meet One Woman Entrepreneur Who's Fighti... 6 AMZN, WMT: Wal-Mart's Huge E-Commerce Bet... 7 GWPH, SMG: The Government's Best... 1 FB: The Good And Bad In WikiTribune, Wikipedia Founder's Open-Source News Site 2 MO, COH: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On McDonald's, Vector Group And Coach 3 SMG, GWPH: The Government's Best Weapon Against Heroin Might Be Marijuana 4 GOOGL, GOOG: Where The Lyft-Waymo Deal Steers Ride-Hailing 5 CRM, AMZN: Salesforce's Sell-Side Earnings Roundup 6 WHR: Want Some Volatility In Whirlpool Share... 7 CBDS, MJNA: Meet One Woman Entrepreneur W... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Carter Worth And Mike Khouw's Bearish McDonald's Trade
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Solar Capital (SLRC) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Phillips 66 Partners (PSXP) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Pool (POOL) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact SCANA (SCG) Stock Price Regency Centers Corp (REG) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Proofpoint (PFPT) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.16 Corelogic Inc (CLGX) Receives $42.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Millicom International Cellular SA (MIICF) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Expect MAG Silver Corp (MAG) to Announce -$0.02 Earnings Per Share Invivo Therapeutics Holdings Corp (NVIV) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Kelly Services (KELYA) Stock Price Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Penumbra (PEN) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Brokerages Expect Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) to Announce $0.32 EPS Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect NewStar Financial (NEWS) Share Price Steel Partners Holdings (SPLP) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.24 Analysts Expect Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Will Post Earnings of $0.12 Per Share Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $6.26 Million Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Stock Yards Bancorp (SYBT) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Heritage Insurance Holdings (HRTG) Share Price Solar Capital (SLRC) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) have trended somewhat positive on Sunday, according to Alpha One. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Solar Capital earned a media sentiment score of 0.10 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned press coverage about the financial services provider an impact score of 33 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near term. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Solar Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Solar Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $23.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, May 1st. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services lowered shares of Solar Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, National Securities upped their price objective on shares of Solar Capital from $22.00 to $24.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $22.34. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) traded down 0.28% on Friday, reaching $21.50. 118,435 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Solar Capital has a 1-year low of $18.15 and a 1-year high of $22.94. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $22.29 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.54. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The financial services provider reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.03. Solar Capital had a net margin of 50.98% and a return on equity of 7.83%. The business had revenue of $34.39 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $36.24 million. On average, analysts expect that Solar Capital will post $1.67 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be given a $0.40 dividend. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 7.44%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 20th. Solar Capital’s payout ratio is 89.89%. In other Solar Capital news, insider Michael S. Gross bought 19,666 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were bought at an average cost of $22.28 per share, with a total value of $438,158.48. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 165,894 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,696,118.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Corporate insiders own 5.80% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/solar-capital-slrc-given-media-sentiment-rating-of-0-10.html. Solar Capital Company Profile Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (AQN) Receives C$14.16 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Analysts Set UNITE Group plc (UTG) Target Price at $712.67 Exponent (EXPO) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.23 W W Grainger (GWW) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.04 Genpact Limited (G) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Gastar Exploration (GST) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.01 Analysts Set Atkore International Group Inc (ATKR) Target Price at $22.17 $65.64 Million in Sales Expected for 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) This Quarter Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact EPR Properties (EPR) Share Price Delcath Systems (DCTH) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds EnLink Midstream (ENLC) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Digital Power (DPW) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Zacks: Analysts Anticipate At Home Group Inc (HOME) Will Announce Earnings of $0.19 Per Share Analysts Expect Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) to Post -$0.71 EPS $0.30 EPS Expected for Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) This Quarter Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Flowers Foods (FLO) Share Price Mid-Con Energy Partners (MCEP) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Southern (SO) Stock Price -$0.29 EPS Expected for Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc (RETA) This Quarter Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (AQN) Receives C$14.16 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (TSE:AQN) have been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the nine research firms that are presently covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation, five have given a buy recommendation and one has assigned a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year target price among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is C$14.16. Several research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. TD Securities boosted their price objective on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp from C$14.00 to C$15.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, May 15th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and issued a C$15.00 price objective on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a C$11.00 price objective on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Scotiabank restated an “outperform” rating and issued a C$14.00 price objective on shares of Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/algonquin-power-utilities-corp-aqn-receives-c14-16-consensus-price-target-from-brokerages.html. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp (TSE:AQN) traded up 1.20% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $13.54. The company had a trading volume of 704,559 shares. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp has a 52-week low of $10.47 and a 52-week high of $13.59. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.21 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.77. The company’s 50 day moving average is $13.00 and its 200 day moving average is $11.94. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Company Profile Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. (APUC) is a Canada-based company engaged in owning and operating a portfolio of regulated and non-regulated generation, distribution and transmission utility assets. APUC’s operations are organized across three business units consisting of Generation, Transmission and Distribution. Receive News & Ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Restaurant Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Restaurant Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Target Price at $23.45 Primero Mining Corp (P) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Receives $59.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Receives $69.85 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) PT at $65.20 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) Receives GBX 370.83 Average PT from Analysts Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 ORBCOMM (ORBC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.03 Full House Resorts (FLL) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.24 PICO Holdings (PICO) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.06 Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact St Jude Medical (STJ) Stock Price Permian Basin Royalty Trust (PBT) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 26th ATN International Inc (ATNI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) Target Price at $57.63 Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Receives $73.22 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Airgain Inc (AIRG) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Sawtooth Solutions LLC Takes Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 494,968 Shares of Centurylink Inc (CTL) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Stake Cut by Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) Receives GBX 370.83 Average PT from Analysts May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Restaurant Group PLC (LON:RTN) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Hold” by the fourteen ratings firms that are covering the company. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have assigned a hold recommendation and six have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 370.83 ($4.79). A number of analysts recently weighed in on the company. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 430 ($5.55) price target on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Restaurant Group PLC in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Peel Hunt upgraded Restaurant Group PLC to an “add” rating and lifted their price target for the company from GBX 300 ($3.87) to GBX 350 ($4.52) in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price objective on Restaurant Group PLC from GBX 330 ($4.26) to GBX 340 ($4.39) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc lifted their price objective on Restaurant Group PLC from GBX 265 ($3.42) to GBX 300 ($3.87) and gave the stock a “reduce” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/restaurant-group-plc-rtn-receives-gbx-370-83-average-pt-from-analysts.html. Shares of Restaurant Group PLC (LON:RTN) traded down 2.44910% on Tuesday, hitting GBX 330.62985. The stock had a trading volume of 1,839,646 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 347.33 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 338.88. The company’s market cap is GBX 664.77 million. Restaurant Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 229.85 and a one year high of GBX 437.50. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 7th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be paid a GBX 10.60 ($0.14) dividend. This is a positive change from Restaurant Group PLC’s previous dividend of $6.80. This represents a yield of 2.86%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 15th. In other Restaurant Group PLC news, insider Andy McCue bought 5,617 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 335 ($4.32) per share, for a total transaction of £18,816.95 ($24,289.34). Restaurant Group PLC Company Profile The Restaurant Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which operates over 500 restaurants and pub restaurants. The Company operates through operating restaurants segment. Its portfolio covers a range of categories, including table service, counter service, sandwich shops, pubs and bars. The Company’s principal trading brands include Frankie & Benny’s, Chiquito and Coast to Coast. Receive News & Ratings for Restaurant Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Restaurant Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clovis Oncology Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Target Price at $23.45 Primero Mining Corp (P) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Receives $59.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Receives $69.85 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) PT at $65.20 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) Receives GBX 370.83 Average PT from Analysts Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 ORBCOMM (ORBC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.03 Full House Resorts (FLL) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.24 PICO Holdings (PICO) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.06 Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact St Jude Medical (STJ) Stock Price Permian Basin Royalty Trust (PBT) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 26th ATN International Inc (ATNI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) Target Price at $57.63 Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Receives $73.22 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Airgain Inc (AIRG) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Sawtooth Solutions LLC Takes Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 494,968 Shares of Centurylink Inc (CTL) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Stake Cut by Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Receives $59.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Clovis Oncology Inc (NASDAQ:CLVS) has earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the fifteen analysts that are covering the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have given a hold recommendation, seven have assigned a buy recommendation and one has assigned a strong buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is $60.23. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on CLVS. Chardan Capital cut shares of Clovis Oncology from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $36.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Clovis Oncology from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Credit Suisse Group AG lifted their price objective on shares of Clovis Oncology from $53.00 to $70.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $58.00 price objective on shares of Clovis Oncology and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies set a $77.00 price objective on shares of Clovis Oncology and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/clovis-oncology-inc-clvs-receives-59-17-average-price-target-from-brokerages.html. In other Clovis Oncology news, insider Gillian C. Ivers-Read sold 3,000 shares of Clovis Oncology stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $56.02, for a total value of $168,060.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 206,583 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,572,779.66. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 9,000 shares of company stock worth $511,200. Insiders own 17.40% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in CLVS. Two Sigma Investments LP bought a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $953,000. Guggenheim Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,824,000. Consonance Capital Management LP raised its stake in shares of Clovis Oncology by 20.3% in the third quarter. Consonance Capital Management LP now owns 3,531,487 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $127,310,000 after buying an additional 595,000 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $13,155,000. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clovis Oncology during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,647,000. 88.48% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) traded down 4.37% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $52.24. 1,947,522 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $54.41 and a 200-day moving average of $51.75. The stock’s market cap is $2.34 billion. Clovis Oncology has a 12 month low of $11.57 and a 12 month high of $74.94. Clovis Oncology (NASDAQ:CLVS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.33) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of ($1.43) by $0.10. The business had revenue of $7.05 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.04 million. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Clovis Oncology will post ($4.95) EPS for the current fiscal year. About Clovis Oncology Clovis Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing anti-cancer agents in the United States, Europe and other international markets. The Company’s product candidates include Rociletinib, Rubraca (Rucaparib) and Lucitanib. Rucaparib is an oral, small molecule poly adenosine diphosphate (ADP)-ribose polymerase (PARP) inhibitor of PARP1, PARP2 and PARP3 approved as a monotherapy for the treatment of patients with deleterious breast cancer (BRCA) (human genes associated with the repair of damaged deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA)) mutation (germline and/or somatic) associated advanced ovarian cancer. Receive News & Ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clovis Oncology Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, May 22, 2017 - Page 14　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Messaging app eyes new industries AFP, NEW YORK Having won over Wall Street and Silicon Valley with a low-cost messaging platform that aims to remake the way traders communicate, Symphony Communications Services LLC creator David Gurle has set his sights on new industries. Barely three years old, Symphony quickly caught on in the world of high finance and counts Goldman Sachs Group Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co, Credit Suisse Group AG, Societe Generale SA and Google among its investors. BNP Paribas SA joined in, helping bring Symphony’s estimated value to nearly US$1 billion. Created in 2012 and officially launched two years later in Palo Alto, California, the system allows users to send private messages, confidentially exchange research and trading strategies, and place orders — all in real-time. Some have even portrayed the technology as a threat to the Bloomberg LP terminal’s dominance in trading rooms, although others said that is premature. “I’d been dreaming about this tool since my childhood,” Gurle, 50, said in a video interview conducted over Symphony. He said he developed the idea after working for France Telecom SA, Microsoft Corp and Skype Ltd, and chose to “disrupt” the financial world because it could open doors to other enticing industries. “If for example a banker is advising Airbus in a bond issue to finance its next investment, they will work with legal, government and auditing services,” with each communicating on the same platform, Gurle said. He said he hopes to diversify Symphony beginning next year, moving into sectors such as insurance, health, defense and aviation, building a secured network for businesses. A son of French and British diplomats, Gurle began his career in France, but in January settled in Singapore to expand Symphony in Asia. While Symphony is not really a head-to-head competitor with Bloomberg, it is gaining ground on the dominant player on Wall Street. Bloomberg, which has existed since 1983, offers a vast panoply of services, including research, analysis, trading, data and news, in addition to messaging, at an average annual cost of US$22,000 per terminal. While Bloomberg is a closed ecosystem, Symphony by contrast integrates outside services — and with annual subscriptions at just US$180. This flexibility allowed it to rack up 200,000 users in barely two years, and it is on track to reach 300,000 by the end of this year. There are 325,000 Bloomberg terminal users. However, Spencer Mindlin of the business research firm Aite Group said that “Bloomberg has been the incumbent for a very, very long time.” “There still is a long way to go” for any competitor, he said. Bloomberg is still the favored channel between clients and traders, according to one Wall Street broker who spoke on condition of anonymity, adding that his firm prohibited traders from using Symphony for outside communications. Even so, most major banks are using Symphony for internal communications and for employees with administrative and marketing roles, Mindlin said. Goldman Sachs has replaced its various internal messaging platforms with Symphony, according to a spokeswoman. With US$25 million in revenues last year, Symphony’s goal is for a positive cash flow by next year. Wayne Kurtzman, an analyst at the market intelligence group International Data Corp, said Symphony focused on a highly-regulated industry that stood to gain from collaboration. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 789 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-15 to 2017-05-22 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Foreign cram-school teachers to face tighter rules 2 The organic functioning of Taiwan 3 Philippine lawmakers issue statement supporting Taiwan’s WHA attendance 4 Ministry seeks allies’ help with WHA 5 China’s leadership of the WHO has failed MORE  1 EDITORIAL: Chinese ethnicity and Taiwan expats 2 Taipei hopes allies defy China ‘threats’ 3 Foreign cram-school teachers to face tighter rules 4 Responding to the new Silk Road 5 Air raid drill set for north Taiwan this afternoon MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Royal Bank of Scotland Royal Bank of Scotland: a timeline of events From its takeover of Dutch bank Abn Amro in 2007 to its announcement of £800m in settlements for shareholder groups in 2016 Royal Bank of Scotland, 70% of which is still owned by the taxpayer. Photograph: Neil Hall/Reuters Royal Bank of Scotland Royal Bank of Scotland: a timeline of events From its takeover of Dutch bank Abn Amro in 2007 to its announcement of £800m in settlements for shareholder groups in 2016 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jill Treanor Sunday 21 May 2017 11.28 EDT Last modified on Sunday 21 May 2017 14.05 EDT Timeline October 2007: RBS is part of a consortium that takes over the Dutch bank Abn Amro in the largest deal in financial services history March 2008: Wall Street investment bank Bear Stearns is rescued by rival JP Morgan Chase April 2008: RBS announces £12bn rights issue and puts its insurance businesses, which includes Churchill and Direct Line, up for sale August 2008: RBS reports its first loss in 40 years with a half-year loss of £691m September 2008: Lehman Brothers collapses unleashing a wave of market turmoil October 2008: Government announces bailout for RBS and other banks, including HBOS. Fred Goodwin leaves RBS, saying he is “sad” to be going. February 2009: Goodwin gives MPs on the Treasury select committee a “profound and unqualified apology for all the distress caused” by the bank’s collapse December 2011: Official report into collapse of RBS concludes “multiple poor decisions” were at the heart of its problems but does not take action against Goodwin January 2012: Goodwin stripped of his knighthood December 2016: RBS announces £800m for settlements with shareholder groups over the £12bn cash call in April 2008 May 2017: RBS shareholders take their battle over the cash call to the high court, with a £520m case that will scrutinise the months leading up to the bailout. Along with other directors, the disgraced Goodwin will be forced to defend accusations that investors were misled into buying shares in the Edinburgh-based bank’s rights issue. Topics Royal Bank of Scotland Banking news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › Royal Bank of Scotland back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Univest Co. of Pennsylvania (UVSP) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Fidelity Southern Co. (LION) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMK) Given $42.50 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts American Financial Group (AFG) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.44 Gillespie Robinson & Grimm Inc. Has $331,000 Stake in AT&T Inc. (T) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Boosted by Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Position Reduced by Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Lawson Kroeker Investment Management Inc. NE Reduces Stake in Chevron Co. (CVX) Forte Capital LLC ADV Has $634,000 Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) North American Management Corp Has $4.023 Million Position in Altria Group Inc (MO) Commerzbank Ag Reiterates “€126.00” Price Target for Bayer AG (BAYN) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Centamin Plc (CELTF) to Sell First Command Financial Services Inc. Has $361,000 Position in Oracle Co. (ORCL) RWE AG (RWE) Given a €18.50 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts Wayfair Inc (W) Research Coverage Started at Gordon Haskett Capstone Asset Management Co. Purchases 190 Shares of CST Brands Inc (CST) Stock Traders Purchase High Volume of Transocean LTD Call Options (RIG) Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages May 21st, 2017 - By Amy Steele - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) has been given a consensus rating of “Hold” by the seven analysts that are currently covering the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation and five have issued a hold recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $18.50. Several analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Barclays PLC reissued an “underweight” rating and issued a $16.00 price objective (down previously from $20.00) on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price target on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. TheStreet lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Boenning Scattergood lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, May 15th. Get Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. alerts: Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) opened at 10.93 on Tuesday. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a one year low of $10.00 and a one year high of $25.67. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $13.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.74. The stock’s market cap is $762.27 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative return on equity of 3.62% and a negative net margin of 6.65%. The business had revenue of $89.26 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $97.98 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.43 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 12.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.04) earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 7.69%. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -133.33%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages” was originally published by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/21/pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-receives-20-00-consensus-price-target-from-brokerages-updated-updated-updated.html. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 364.1% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,854 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 3,808 shares during the period. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. increased its position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 56.0% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 8,358 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares in the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc bought a new position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter worth $200,000. Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware bought a new position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the first quarter worth $132,000. Finally, Independent Order of Foresters increased its position in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 108.7% in the fourth quarter. Independent Order of Foresters now owns 9,291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $176,000 after buying an additional 4,840 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.69% of the company’s stock. About Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Receive News & Stock Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Quantenna Communications Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quantenna Communications Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect WPX Energy (WPX) Share Price WestRock (WRK) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.56 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact The Western Union Company (WU) Share Price CSRA Inc (CSRA) Stake Raised by First Trust Advisors LP American Century Companies Inc. Has $398.2 Million Stake in Cummins Inc. (CMI) Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.15 Orchid Island Capital Inc (ORC) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 26th Zillow Group (ZG) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) Shares Sold by First Trust Advisors LP Advisors Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Clorox Co (CLX) AGNC Investment Corp (AGNC) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 26th LKQ Co. (LKQ) Stake Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Lowers Stake in BCE Inc. (BCE) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Invests $1.402 Million in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Analysts Expect Blackline Inc (BL) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $41.31 Million $0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for Quantenna Communications Inc (QTNA) This Quarter RealPage Inc (RP) Position Decreased by American Century Companies Inc. Washington Prime Group (WPG) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Advanced Drainage Systems (WMS) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact West Marine (WMAR) Stock Price $0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for Quantenna Communications Inc (QTNA) This Quarter May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect that Quantenna Communications Inc (NASDAQ:QTNA) will announce $0.05 earnings per share (EPS) for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have made estimates for Quantenna Communications’ earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.04 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.05. The company is scheduled to report its next earnings report on Monday, August 14th. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that follow Quantenna Communications. Quantenna Communications (NASDAQ:QTNA) last posted its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The technology company reported $0.03 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $37.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $35.44 million. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 55.3% on a year-over-year basis. Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Quantenna Communications from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Needham & Company LLC reissued a “strong-buy” rating and issued a $26.00 target price on shares of Quantenna Communications in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on Quantenna Communications in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $24.67. In related news, SVP David William Carroll sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.50, for a total value of $70,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $175,000. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CFO Sean Sobers sold 2,743 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.02, for a total transaction of $57,657.86. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 10,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $210,200. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 424,799 shares of company stock valued at $8,829,301 in the last 90 days. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of QTNA. SC US Ttgp LTD. bought a new position in Quantenna Communications during the fourth quarter valued at $49,088,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Quantenna Communications by 10.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,000,758 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $20,846,000 after buying an additional 97,641 shares during the period. Whale Rock Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Quantenna Communications by 49.9% in the first quarter. Whale Rock Capital Management LLC now owns 912,601 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $19,009,000 after buying an additional 303,626 shares during the period. Franklin Resources Inc. bought a new position in Quantenna Communications during the fourth quarter valued at $12,419,000. Finally, FMR LLC boosted its position in Quantenna Communications by 44.0% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 523,411 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $10,903,000 after buying an additional 159,811 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 4.73% of the company’s stock. Shares of Quantenna Communications (NASDAQ:QTNA) opened at 20.59 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is $693.84 million. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $19.25 and a 200 day moving average price of $19.60. Quantenna Communications has a 52-week low of $13.75 and a 52-week high of $25.45. WARNING: “$0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for Quantenna Communications Inc (QTNA) This Quarter” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/0-05-earnings-per-share-expected-for-quantenna-communications-inc-qtna-this-quarter.html. About Quantenna Communications Quantenna Communications, Inc is engaged in the design, development and marketing of wireless communication solutions enabling wireless local area networking. The Company’s solutions are designed to deliver wireless fidelity (Wi-Fi) performance to support various connected devices accessing a pool of digital content. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Quantenna Communications (QTNA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Quantenna Communications Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Quantenna Communications Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Staff Privacy Policy About/Contact Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health Daily Ratings & News for AFLAC Incorporated Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor AFLAC Incorporated with our free daily email newsletter: Follow @TranscriptDaily Recent Posts Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €15.50 Price Target at equinet AG easyJet plc (EZJ) Earns Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC Brenntag AG (BNR) PT Set at €48.00 by Commerzbank Ag Macquarie Analysts Give SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (SFQ) a €18.00 Price Target Symrise AG (SY1) PT Set at €57.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) Given a €110.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Nord/LB Analysts Give Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) a €110.00 Price Target Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $32.43 Million Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Crawford & Company (CRD.B) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $278.75 Million HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) PT Set at €99.00 by DZ Bank AG Axel Springer SE (SPR) Receives Buy Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sixt Leasing SE (LNSX) PT Set at €21.00 by Commerzbank Ag Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €27.50 Price Target for Jenoptik AG (JEN) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) PT Set at GBX 4,700 by Jefferies Group LLC Rational Ag (RAA) Given a €485.00 Price Target by Independent Research GmbH Analysts Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €28.50 by Berenberg Bank Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €75.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG (O2D) a €4.85 Price Target AFLAC (AFL) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.35 Posted by Joseph Casey on May 21st, 2017 // No Comments Media coverage about AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) has trended positive on Sunday, AlphaOne reports. The research firm, a division of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. AFLAC earned a media sentiment score of 0.35 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned media headlines about the financial services provider an impact score of 94 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. These are some of the news stories that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment’s scoring: Get AFLAC Incorporated alerts: Aflac Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) Valuation By The Numbers – Concord Register (concordregister.com) Aflac Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) Runs 0.60% For the Past 5 Trading Days – Concord Register (concordregister.com) Boone Tillman proud of Aflac one-day payment program (bizjournals.com) Aflac Incorporated (AFL) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for May 22, 2017 – Nasdaq (nasdaq.com) Ex-Dividend Reminder: AFLAC, Jack Henry & Associates and Xperi (nasdaq.com) Several research analysts have recently weighed in on AFL shares. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “underperform” rating and set a $62.00 target price (down from $65.00) on shares of AFLAC in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $71.71 to $75.00 in a report on Monday, February 27th. Zacks Investment Research cut AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded AFLAC from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $80.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Citigroup Inc started coverage on AFLAC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 target price on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. AFLAC has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $73.77. Shares of AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) opened at 73.87 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $29.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.02 and a beta of 1.01. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $73.84 and its 200 day moving average is $71.45. AFLAC has a 52-week low of $66.50 and a 52-week high of $76.88. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.67 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.62 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $5.31 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.40 billion. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. AFLAC’s revenue was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.74 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that AFLAC will post $6.52 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 24th will be paid a dividend of $0.43 per share. This represents a $1.72 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.33%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, May 22nd. AFLAC’s payout ratio is 26.75%. In other AFLAC news, Director Douglas Wayne Johnson sold 1,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.04, for a total transaction of $102,256.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 19,287 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,408,722.48. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Barbara K. Rimer sold 1,412 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.00, for a total transaction of $101,664.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 12,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $925,344. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 41,937 shares of company stock valued at $3,002,594 over the last three months. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Transcript Daily and is the sole property of of Transcript Daily. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/05/21/aflac-afl-given-media-sentiment-rating-of-0-35-updated-updated.html. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  «  PREVIOUS AEGON N.V. Perp. Cap. Secs. Floating Rate (Netherlands) (AEB) Getting Somewhat Critical News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports  »  NEXT Epizyme’s (EPZM) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Cann Latest News Deutsche Telekom AG Given a €15.50 Price Target at equinet AG Brenntag AG PT Set at €48.00 by Commerzbank Ag Macquarie Analysts Give SAF-HOLLAND S.A. a €18.00 Price Target Symrise AG PT Set at €57.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein Nord/LB Analysts Give Hannover Rueck SE a €110.00 Price Target Hannover Rueck SE Given a €110.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health © 2006-2017 Transcript Daily
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Continental AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Continental AG (CON) Given a €205.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Continental AG (CON) PT Set at €221.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €41.90 Price Target at Warburg Research SMA Solar Technology AG (S92) Given a €20.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH Aratana Therapeutics Inc (PETX) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.6 Million Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €53.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €64.50 by Bank of America Corp Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €55.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC BNP Paribas Reiterates €189.00 Price Target for Continental AG (CON) adidas AG (ADS) Given a €220.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Crawford & Company (CRD.B) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $278.75 Million Aurubis AG (NDA) Given a €70.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€75.00” Price Target for Symrise AG (SY1) Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €44.00 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts $1.57 Billion in Sales Expected for Constellium NV (CSTM) This Quarter $996.79 Million in Sales Expected for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) This Quarter Hugo Boss AG (BOSS) Given a €76.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates “€70.00” Price Target for Drillisch AG (DRI) Continental AG (CON) Given a €205.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag set a €205.00 ($225.27) price target on Continental AG (ETR:CON) in a research report sent to investors on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. CON has been the topic of several other research reports. Kepler Capital Markets set a €240.00 ($263.74) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. Independent Research GmbH set a €211.00 ($231.87) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €221.00 ($242.86) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. HSBC Holdings plc set a €250.00 ($274.73) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €227.40 ($249.89) price target on shares of Continental AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Continental AG has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €217.58 ($239.10). Continental AG (ETR:CON) traded down 0.05% during midday trading on Friday, reaching €201.99. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,310 shares. Continental AG has a 1-year low of €158.35 and a 1-year high of €210.02. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €202.95 and a 200 day moving average price of €188.83. The firm has a market cap of €40.40 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.34. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Continental AG (CON) Given a €205.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/continental-ag-con-given-a-205-00-price-target-by-commerzbank-ag-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Continental AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Continental AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €53.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €64.50 by Bank of America Corp Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €55.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC BNP Paribas Reiterates €189.00 Price Target for Continental AG (CON) adidas AG (ADS) Given a €220.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Crawford & Company (CRD.B) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $278.75 Million Aurubis AG (NDA) Given a €70.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€75.00” Price Target for Symrise AG (SY1) Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €44.00 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts $1.57 Billion in Sales Expected for Constellium NV (CSTM) This Quarter $996.79 Million in Sales Expected for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) This Quarter Hugo Boss AG (BOSS) Given a €76.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates “€70.00” Price Target for Drillisch AG (DRI) Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Aareal Bank AG (ARL) a €42.00 Price Target ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €25.00 by Independent Research GmbH HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) a €19.00 Price Target Nord/LB Analysts Give Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) a €38.00 Price Target Tate & Lyle PLC (BD15) PT Set at GBX 640 by BNP Paribas BNP Paribas Reiterates €189.00 Price Target for Continental AG (CON) May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas set a €189.00 ($207.69) price target on Continental AG (ETR:CON) in a research report released on Saturday. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. CON has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €227.40 ($249.89) price objective on Continental AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday. Independent Research GmbH set a €211.00 ($231.87) price objective on Continental AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. HSBC Holdings plc set a €250.00 ($274.73) price objective on Continental AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €221.00 ($242.86) price objective on Continental AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €240.00 ($263.74) price objective on Continental AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Continental AG currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €217.58 ($239.10). Continental AG (ETR:CON) traded down 0.05% during midday trading on Friday, hitting €201.99. The company had a trading volume of 1,310 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average is €202.95 and its 200-day moving average is €188.83. The firm has a market capitalization of €40.40 billion and a P/E ratio of 14.34. Continental AG has a 52 week low of €158.35 and a 52 week high of €210.02. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/bnp-paribas-reiterates-189-00-price-target-for-continental-ag-con.html. Receive News & Ratings for Continental AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Continental AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance adidas AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €53.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €64.50 by Bank of America Corp Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €55.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC BNP Paribas Reiterates €189.00 Price Target for Continental AG (CON) adidas AG (ADS) Given a €220.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Crawford & Company (CRD.B) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $278.75 Million Aurubis AG (NDA) Given a €70.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€75.00” Price Target for Symrise AG (SY1) Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €44.00 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts $1.57 Billion in Sales Expected for Constellium NV (CSTM) This Quarter $996.79 Million in Sales Expected for Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. (SBH) This Quarter Hugo Boss AG (BOSS) Given a €76.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates “€70.00” Price Target for Drillisch AG (DRI) Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Aareal Bank AG (ARL) a €42.00 Price Target ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €25.00 by Independent Research GmbH HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) a €19.00 Price Target Nord/LB Analysts Give Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) a €38.00 Price Target Tate & Lyle PLC (BD15) PT Set at GBX 640 by BNP Paribas adidas AG (ADS) Given a €220.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas set a €220.00 ($241.76) target price on adidas AG (FRA:ADS) in a research report released on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on ADS. Deutsche Bank AG set a €170.00 ($186.81) target price on adidas AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a sell rating on shares of adidas AG in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €145.00 ($159.34) target price on adidas AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. equinet AG set a €139.00 ($152.75) target price on adidas AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €166.00 ($182.42) target price on adidas AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €183.55 ($201.70). Shares of adidas AG (FRA:ADS) traded down 0.984% on Friday, reaching €172.287. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 797 shares. The company has a market cap of €34.72 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 31.296. adidas AG has a 52-week low of €106.00 and a 52-week high of €187.81. The stock has a 50-day moving average of €179.38 and a 200 day moving average of €158.21. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/adidas-ag-ads-given-a-220-00-price-target-by-bnp-paribas-analysts.html. About adidas AG . Receive News & Ratings for adidas AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Wohnen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Wohnen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hugo Boss AG (BOSS) Given a €76.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates “€70.00” Price Target for Drillisch AG (DRI) Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give Aareal Bank AG (ARL) a €42.00 Price Target ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €25.00 by Independent Research GmbH HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) a €19.00 Price Target Nord/LB Analysts Give Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) a €38.00 Price Target Tate & Lyle PLC (BD15) PT Set at GBX 640 by BNP Paribas JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €43.40 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates €36.00 Price Target for Zalando SE (ZAL) United Internet AG (UTDI) PT Set at €55.00 by Barclays PLC Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €60.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Nord/LB Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give AstraZeneca plc (AZN) a GBX 4,700 Price Target Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Aurubis AG (NDA) PT Set at €49.00 by Commerzbank Ag Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $326.82 Million $32.35 Million in Sales Expected for Stonegate Bank (SGBK) This Quarter $579.59 Million in Sales Expected for Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $112.09 Million $71.98 Million in Sales Expected for S & T Bancorp Inc (STBA) This Quarter Nord/LB Analysts Give Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) a €38.00 Price Target May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nord/LB set a €38.00 ($41.76) price objective on Deutsche Wohnen AG (FRA:DWNI) in a report published on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on DWNI. Commerzbank Ag set a €39.00 ($42.86) price objective on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Saturday. Oddo Securities set a €34.00 ($37.36) price objective on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Saturday. Independent Research GmbH set a €35.00 ($38.46) price objective on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €37.00 ($40.66) price objective on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Saturday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €29.20 ($32.09) price objective on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Saturday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Deutsche Wohnen AG currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €36.47 ($40.08). Deutsche Wohnen AG (FRA:DWNI) traded up 0.30% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €34.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,196 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €32.26 and its 200 day moving average is €30.66. Deutsche Wohnen AG has a one year low of €26.64 and a one year high of €35.70. The firm has a market cap of €11.58 billion and a PE ratio of 7.74. WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/nordlb-analysts-give-deutsche-wohnen-ag-dwni-a-38-00-price-target.html. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Wohnen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Wohnen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Stabilus SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stabilus SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €43.40 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates €36.00 Price Target for Zalando SE (ZAL) United Internet AG (UTDI) PT Set at €55.00 by Barclays PLC Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €60.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Axel Springer SE (SPR) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Nord/LB Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give AstraZeneca plc (AZN) a GBX 4,700 Price Target Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Aurubis AG (NDA) PT Set at €49.00 by Commerzbank Ag Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Franklin Electric Co. (FELE) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $326.82 Million $32.35 Million in Sales Expected for Stonegate Bank (SGBK) This Quarter $579.59 Million in Sales Expected for Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $112.09 Million $71.98 Million in Sales Expected for S & T Bancorp Inc (STBA) This Quarter Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc – American Depositary Shares each representing one Ordinary Share (AVDL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $44.17 Million Hydrogenics Co. (HYGS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $9.9 Million First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $164.09 Million Biotest AG (BIO) PT Set at €19.00 by equinet AG Dialog Semiconductor PLC (DLG) Given a €47.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €6.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates “€6.50” Price Target for E.On Se (EOAN) Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Stabilus SA (ETR:STM) has been assigned a €66.00 ($72.53) price objective by equities researchers at Hauck & Aufhaeuser in a note issued to investors on Saturday. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also recently weighed in on STM. Macquarie set a €70.00 ($76.92) price target on Stabilus SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €75.00 ($82.42) price target on Stabilus SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday. Commerzbank Ag set a €65.00 ($71.43) price target on Stabilus SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday. Kepler Capital Markets set a €61.00 ($67.03) price target on Stabilus SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, equinet AG set a €71.00 ($78.02) price target on Stabilus SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €68.57 ($75.35). Shares of Stabilus SA (ETR:STM) traded up 4.01% during trading on Friday, reaching €66.13. 243 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is €63.37 and its 200 day moving average price is €55.16. Stabilus SA has a one year low of €39.00 and a one year high of €67.04. The company has a market capitalization of €1.63 billion and a PE ratio of 23.34. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/stabilus-sa-stm-pt-set-at-66-00-by-hauck-aufhaeuser.html. About Stabilus SA Stabilus SA, formerly Servus HoldCo SARL is a Luxembourg-based company. The Company is the automotive and industrial supplier. It develops and produces electromechanical drives, gas springs and dampers. Its products in the automotive segment are used in a broad range of applications such as tailgates, hoods, doors and convertible tops. Receive News & Ratings for Stabilus SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stabilus SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Stroeer SE & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oddo Securities Reiterates €47.00 Price Target for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Duerr AG (DUE) Given a €65.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates Buy Rating for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) Analysts Expect Finisar Co. (FNSR) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $367.17 Million Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Cotiviti Holdings Inc (COTV) PT at $34.78 Talanx AG (TLX) Given a €32.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Baader Bank Analysts Give Grammer AG (GMM) a €55.00 Price Target Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €70.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Uniper SE (UN01) a €13.10 Price Target Brokerages Set SM Energy Co (SM) PT at $39.77 Rice Energy Inc (RICE) Receives $31.00 Average PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Vale SA (VALE) Target Price at $9.16 Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €75.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €36.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) PT Set at €84.00 by Oddo Securities Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €67.00 Price Target by equinet AG Analysts RIB Software SE (RIB) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Analysts Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.32 Per Share Oddo Securities Reiterates €47.00 Price Target for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX) May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Oddo Securities set a €47.00 ($51.65) target price on Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (ETR:SAX) in a report published on Saturday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. SAX has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating on shares of Stroeer SE & Co KGaA in a research report on Saturday. Barclays PLC set a €59.50 ($65.38) price target on shares of Stroeer SE & Co KGaA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of €57.40 ($63.08). Shares of Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (ETR:SAX) traded up 0.358% on Friday, reaching €55.193. 2,055 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Stroeer SE & Co KGaA has a 52-week low of €34.40 and a 52-week high of €56.04. The stock has a market cap of €3.05 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 44.872. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €52.41 and its 200-day moving average is €45.29. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Oddo Securities Reiterates €47.00 Price Target for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA (SAX)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/oddo-securities-reiterates-47-00-price-target-for-stroeer-se-co-kgaa-sax.html. Receive News & Ratings for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stroeer SE & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Kering (PP) a €350.00 Price Target Axa SA (CS) Rating Reiterated by DZ Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Continental AG (CON) a €250.00 Price Target MediGene AG (MDG1) PT Set at €13.00 by Oddo Securities Alstom SA (ALO) Given a €28.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG WCM Beteiligungs und Grundbesitz AG (WCMK) Given a €3.45 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Communications Systems (JCS) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Groupon (GRPN) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact 1-800-Flowers.Com (FLWS) Share Price GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €30.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €97.00 Price Target Noble (NE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Nordson Co. (NDSN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Target Price at $26.06 Raymond James Financial (RJF) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Axa SA (CS) Rating Reiterated by DZ Bank AG May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Axa SA (EPA:CS)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG in a research note issued to investors on Saturday. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG set a €25.20 ($27.69) target price on Axa SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday. BNP Paribas set a €24.00 ($26.37) target price on Axa SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €27.80 ($30.55) target price on Axa SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €27.70 ($30.44) target price on Axa SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €24.00 ($26.37) target price on Axa SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €25.12 ($27.61). Shares of Axa SA (EPA:CS) traded up 0.95% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €23.79. 10,177,844 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Axa SA has a 12-month low of €16.11 and a 12-month high of €25.80. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is €24.10 and its 200-day moving average price is €23.33. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/axa-sa-cs-rating-reiterated-by-dz-bank-ag.html. About Axa SA AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ElringKlinger AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ElringKlinger AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rocket Internet SE (RKET) Given a €37.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Zalando SE (ZAL) Given a €48.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Commerzbank Ag (CBK) PT Set at €9.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) a €19.25 Price Target Barclays PLC Analysts Give Air France-KLM S.A (AF) a €10.00 Price Target Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates €9.60 Price Target for Air France-KLM S.A (AF) Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG (O2D) a €4.85 Price Target Vonovia SE (VNA) Given a €40.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.19 Gap (GPS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Huntington Ingalls Industries (HII) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.18 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Heron Therapeutics (HRTX) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Green Dot (GDOT) Share Price Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €188.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Nord/LB Analysts Give Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) a €6.00 Price Target HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Kering (PP) a €350.00 Price Target Axa SA (CS) Rating Reiterated by DZ Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Continental AG (CON) a €250.00 Price Target MediGene AG (MDG1) PT Set at €13.00 by Oddo Securities Alstom SA (ALO) Given a €28.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Commerzbank Ag Analysts Give ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) a €19.25 Price Target May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag set a €19.25 ($21.15) target price on ElringKlinger AG (ETR:ZIL2) in a research note published on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on ZIL2. Kepler Capital Markets set a €22.00 ($24.18) target price on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Saturday. Warburg Research set a €18.00 ($19.78) target price on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. Independent Research GmbH set a €21.00 ($23.08) target price on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.00 ($15.38) target price on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Saturday. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. ElringKlinger AG presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €18.54 ($20.38). ElringKlinger AG (ETR:ZIL2) traded up 1.58% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €17.96. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,875 shares. ElringKlinger AG has a 52-week low of €12.77 and a 52-week high of €21.29. The company has a market cap of €1.13 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.13. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of €18.17 and a 200 day moving average price of €16.13. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/commerzbank-ag-analysts-give-elringklinger-ag-zil2-a-19-25-price-target.html. About ElringKlinger AG Elringklinger AG is a Germany-based automotive supplier. The Company operates through five segments: Original Equipment, Aftermarket, Engineered Plastics, Services, and Industrial Parks. The Original Equipment segment develops, produces and sells parts and assemblies for vehicle engines, transmission units and exhaust systems, as well as battery and fuel cell components. Receive News & Ratings for ElringKlinger AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ElringKlinger AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €188.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Nord/LB Analysts Give Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) a €6.00 Price Target HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Kering (PP) a €350.00 Price Target Axa SA (CS) Rating Reiterated by DZ Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Continental AG (CON) a €250.00 Price Target MediGene AG (MDG1) PT Set at €13.00 by Oddo Securities Alstom SA (ALO) Given a €28.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG WCM Beteiligungs und Grundbesitz AG (WCMK) Given a €3.45 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Communications Systems (JCS) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Groupon (GRPN) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact 1-800-Flowers.Com (FLWS) Share Price GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €30.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €97.00 Price Target Noble (NE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Nordson Co. (NDSN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Nord/LB Analysts Give Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) a €6.00 Price Target May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Nord/LB set a €6.00 ($6.59) price target on Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) in a research report report published on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also weighed in on NOKIA. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €6.00 ($6.59) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €5.20 ($5.71) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. Morgan Stanley set a €5.70 ($6.26) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €5.50 ($6.04) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Finally, S&P Global set a €5.00 ($5.49) target price on Nokia Oyj and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of €5.69 ($6.25). TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/nordlb-analysts-give-nokia-oyj-nokia-a-6-00-price-target.html. About Nokia Oyj Nokia Corporation is engaged in the network and Internet protocol (IP) infrastructure, software, and related services market. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Ultra Broadband Networks, IP Networks and Applications, and Nokia Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alstom SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MediGene AG (MDG1) PT Set at €13.00 by Oddo Securities Alstom SA (ALO) Given a €28.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG WCM Beteiligungs und Grundbesitz AG (WCMK) Given a €3.45 Price Target by Oddo Securities Analysts Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Communications Systems (JCS) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Groupon (GRPN) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact 1-800-Flowers.Com (FLWS) Share Price GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €30.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €97.00 Price Target Noble (NE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Nordson Co. (NDSN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Target Price at $26.06 Raymond James Financial (RJF) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Panera Bread (PNRA) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15 Parsley Energy (PE) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Alstom SA (ALO) Given a €28.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €28.00 ($30.77) price target on Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) in a research report sent to investors on Saturday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Citigroup Inc set a €28.50 ($31.32) price objective on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €28.30 ($31.10) price objective on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. S&P Global set a €35.00 ($38.46) price objective on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Morgan Stanley set a €27.20 ($29.89) price objective on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €33.00 ($36.26) price objective on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €29.10 ($31.98). Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) traded up 3.072% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €30.865. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,055,109 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is €28.78 and its 200 day moving average price is €26.77. Alstom SA has a 52 week low of €19.04 and a 52 week high of €30.91. WARNING: “Alstom SA (ALO) Given a €28.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/alstom-sa-alo-given-a-28-00-price-target-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. About Alstom SA Alstom SA (Alstom) offers rail transport equipment, systems, services and signaling for urban, suburban, regional and main line passenger transportation, as well as for freight transportation. The Company’s portfolio includes trains, signaling solutions, integrated systems (including infrastructure) and services. Receive News & Ratings for Alstom SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €30.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €97.00 Price Target Noble (NE) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Nordson Co. (NDSN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Target Price at $26.06 Raymond James Financial (RJF) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Panera Bread (PNRA) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15 Parsley Energy (PE) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 410 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €97.00 Price Target May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank set a €97.00 ($106.59) target price on Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) in a research report report published on Saturday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. SAN has been the subject of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a sell rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €81.00 ($89.01) price target on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €87.00 ($95.60) price target on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC set a €80.00 ($87.91) price target on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €91.00 ($100.00) price target on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €86.44 ($94.99). Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) traded up 0.03% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €88.38. 4,380,182 shares of the company traded hands. Sanofi SA has a 52-week low of €62.50 and a 52-week high of €92.78. The stock has a 50-day moving average of €25.48 and a 200 day moving average of €25.74. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Berenberg Bank Analysts Give Sanofi SA (SAN) a €97.00 Price Target” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/berenberg-bank-analysts-give-sanofi-sa-san-a-97-00-price-target.html. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vinci SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vinci SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Nordson Co. (NDSN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Target Price at $26.06 Raymond James Financial (RJF) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Panera Bread (PNRA) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15 Parsley Energy (PE) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 410 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €45.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€56.00” Price Target for United Internet AG (UTDI) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Drillisch AG (DRI) a €64.00 Price Target Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Vinci SA (EPA:DG) has been assigned a €85.90 ($94.40) price target by stock analysts at Societe Generale in a report released on Saturday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also weighed in on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €91.00 ($100.00) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. S&P Global set a €82.00 ($90.11) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Barclays PLC set a €85.00 ($93.41) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €79.00 ($86.81) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €73.00 ($80.22) price objective on Vinci SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of €78.16 ($85.89). Vinci SA (EPA:DG) traded down 0.33% on Friday, reaching €76.65. The company had a trading volume of 1,693,181 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is €76.11 and its 200-day moving average price is €68.47. Vinci SA has a 12-month low of €49.93 and a 12-month high of €79.84. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/vinci-sa-dg-pt-set-at-85-90-by-societe-generale.html. Vinci SA Company Profile Vinci SA is a France-based company involved in construction and engineering. It designs, builds, finances and manages facilities such as transport systems, public and private buildings, urban developments, and water, energy and communication networks. It divides its business into two sectors: concessions and contracting. Receive News & Ratings for Vinci SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vinci SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €36.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Vinci SA (DG) PT Set at €85.90 by Societe Generale Airbus SE (EAD) PT Set at €88.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Nordson Co. (NDSN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Target Price at $26.06 Raymond James Financial (RJF) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Panera Bread (PNRA) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15 Parsley Energy (PE) Getting Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 410 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €45.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€56.00” Price Target for United Internet AG (UTDI) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Drillisch AG (DRI) a €64.00 Price Target Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet DZ Bank AG reissued their neutral rating on shares of Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA:FRA) in a research note released on Saturday morning. Other equities analysts have also issued research reports about the company. HSBC Holdings plc set a €80.00 ($87.91) price target on Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Saturday. S&P Global set a €77.00 ($84.62) price target on Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €57.00 ($62.64) price target on Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €58.00 ($63.74) price target on Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €55.00 ($60.44) price target on Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Saturday. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €66.83 ($73.44). Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA:FRA) traded up 0.09% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €71.53. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 415 shares. Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde has a 52-week low of €44.96 and a 52-week high of €74.95. The company’s 50 day moving average is €71.08 and its 200-day moving average is €60.43. The stock has a market cap of €6.47 billion and a P/E ratio of 17.69. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/fraport-ag-frankfurt-arprt-svcs-wrldwde-fra-receives-neutral-rating-from-dz-bank-ag.html. Receive News & Ratings for Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 410 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €45.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€56.00” Price Target for United Internet AG (UTDI) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Drillisch AG (DRI) a €64.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG (HHFA) a €15.00 Price Target -$0.74 Earnings Per Share Expected for Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) This Quarter Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Receives $16.71 Consensus Price Target from Analysts BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $410.33 Consensus Price Target from Analysts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC set a GBX 232 ($2.99) price objective on Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD) in a report published on Saturday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the cell phone carrier’s stock. Several other brokerages have also weighed in on VOD. BNP Paribas increased their price objective on shares of Vodafone Group plc from GBX 225 ($2.90) to GBX 235 ($3.03) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday. S&P Global set a GBX 230 ($2.97) price objective on shares of Vodafone Group plc and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Barclays PLC lowered shares of Vodafone Group plc to an equal weight rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.90) price objective on the stock. in a research report on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc increased their price objective on shares of Vodafone Group plc from GBX 270 ($3.49) to GBX 280 ($3.61) and gave the company a conviction-buy rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their price objective on shares of Vodafone Group plc from GBX 280 ($3.61) to GBX 275 ($3.55) and set an overweight rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 240.41 ($3.10). Shares of Vodafone Group plc (LON:VOD) traded up 0.07% during trading on Friday, hitting GBX 220.30. 59,698,087 shares of the stock traded hands. Vodafone Group plc has a one year low of GBX 186.50 and a one year high of GBX 240.10. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 206.02 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 203.66. The company’s market cap is GBX 61.63 billion. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/vodafone-group-plc-vod-pt-set-at-gbx-232-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be paid a €0.10 ($0.11) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 8th. This represents a dividend yield of 4.05%. In other news, insider Ronald Schellekens sold 400,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 201 ($2.59), for a total value of £804,000 ($1,037,821.09). Vodafone Group plc Company Profile Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vivendi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sanofi SA (SAN) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 410 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vodafone Group plc (VOD) PT Set at GBX 232 by Jefferies Group LLC Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA (FME) a €106.40 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Diageo plc (DGE) a GBX 2,100 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “GBX 1,750” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €45.00 by Warburg Research Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€56.00” Price Target for United Internet AG (UTDI) Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Give Drillisch AG (DRI) a €64.00 Price Target Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG (HHFA) a €15.00 Price Target -$0.74 Earnings Per Share Expected for Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) This Quarter Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Receives $16.71 Consensus Price Target from Analysts BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $410.33 Consensus Price Target from Analysts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) received a €22.00 ($24.18) price target from research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a report issued on Saturday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also commented on VIV. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €23.30 ($25.60) price target on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Morgan Stanley set a €20.00 ($21.98) price target on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €19.00 ($20.88) price target on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. BNP Paribas set a €21.00 ($23.08) price target on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a €15.20 ($16.70) price target on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of €20.29 ($22.30). Shares of Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) traded up 0.91% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €18.94. The stock had a trading volume of 6,088,452 shares. Vivendi SA has a 52-week low of €14.87 and a 52-week high of €20.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of €18.32 and a 200 day moving average price of €17.84. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vivendi SA (VIV) PT Set at €22.00 by Deutsche Bank AG” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/vivendi-sa-viv-pt-set-at-22-00-by-deutsche-bank-ag.html. Vivendi SA Company Profile Vivendi SA is engaged in media and content businesses. The Company operates businesses throughout the media value chain, from talent discovery to the creation, production and distribution of content. Its segments include Universal Music Group, Canal+ Group, Gameloft, Vivendi Village, New Initiatives and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Vivendi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ElringKlinger AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ElringKlinger AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brenntag AG (BNR) Given a €53.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Adler Real Estate AG’s (ADL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) Given a €5.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 450 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Oddo Securities Analysts Give BayWa AG (BYW6) a €33.00 Price Target General Electric Company (GE) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives $46.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Kirby Co. (KEX) Receives $65.38 Average Price Target from Brokerages JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.30 Price Target Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet equinet AG set a €17.00 ($18.68) target price on ElringKlinger AG (ETR:ZIL2) in a research note released on Saturday morning. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on the stock. Commerzbank Ag set a €19.25 ($21.15) price objective on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Independent Research GmbH set a €21.00 ($23.08) price objective on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Warburg Research set a €18.00 ($19.78) price objective on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Kepler Capital Markets set a €22.00 ($24.18) price objective on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.00 ($15.38) price objective on shares of ElringKlinger AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Saturday. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €18.54 ($20.38). ElringKlinger AG (ETR:ZIL2) traded up 1.58% on Friday, reaching €17.96. 1,875 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of €18.17 and a 200-day moving average price of €16.13. ElringKlinger AG has a 52-week low of €12.77 and a 52-week high of €21.29. The firm has a market cap of €1.13 billion and a P/E ratio of 13.13. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/elringklinger-ag-zil2-given-a-17-00-price-target-at-equinet-ag.html. About ElringKlinger AG Elringklinger AG is a Germany-based automotive supplier. The Company operates through five segments: Original Equipment, Aftermarket, Engineered Plastics, Services, and Industrial Parks. The Original Equipment segment develops, produces and sells parts and assemblies for vehicle engines, transmission units and exhaust systems, as well as battery and fuel cell components. Receive News & Ratings for ElringKlinger AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ElringKlinger AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News -$0.74 Earnings Per Share Expected for Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) This Quarter Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Receives $16.71 Consensus Price Target from Analysts BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $410.33 Consensus Price Target from Analysts AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brenntag AG (BNR) Given a €53.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Adler Real Estate AG’s (ADL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) Given a €5.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 450 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Oddo Securities Analysts Give BayWa AG (BYW6) a €33.00 Price Target General Electric Company (GE) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Receives $410.33 Consensus Price Target from Analysts May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) have been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the thirteen brokerages that are presently covering the stock. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and six have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $410.77. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $387.00 price objective on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Wednesday. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Saturday, March 18th. Citigroup Inc raised their price objective on shares of BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $464.00 price objective on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/blackrock-inc-blk-receives-410-33-consensus-price-target-from-analysts.html. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Garde Capital Inc. bought a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the third quarter worth $900,000. Becker Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of BlackRock by 1.4% in the third quarter. Becker Capital Management Inc. now owns 85,851 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $31,118,000 after buying an additional 1,206 shares in the last quarter. Hellman Jordan Management Co. Inc. MA bought a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the third quarter worth $742,000. LMR Partners LLP increased its stake in shares of BlackRock by 134.0% in the third quarter. LMR Partners LLP now owns 9,658 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $3,501,000 after buying an additional 5,530 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wade G W & Inc. bought a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the third quarter worth $215,000. 80.82% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) traded up 1.25% on Monday, reaching $393.32. 682,234 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $384.26 and a 200-day moving average price of $380.64. The firm has a market cap of $64.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.32 and a beta of 1.72. BlackRock has a 52-week low of $317.60 and a 52-week high of $399.46. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. The asset manager reported $5.25 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.94 by $0.31. BlackRock had a net margin of 28.44% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The company had revenue of $2.82 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.86 billion. During the same period last year, the business earned $4.25 earnings per share. BlackRock’s revenue was up 7.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that BlackRock will post $21.65 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. BlackRock Company Profile BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Steinhoff International Holdings NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Steinhoff International Holdings NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brenntag AG (BNR) Given a €53.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Adler Real Estate AG’s (ADL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) Given a €5.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 450 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Oddo Securities Analysts Give BayWa AG (BYW6) a €33.00 Price Target General Electric Company (GE) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives $46.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Kirby Co. (KEX) Receives $65.38 Average Price Target from Brokerages JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.30 Price Target Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) Given a €5.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €5.00 ($5.49) price target on Steinhoff International Holdings NV (ETR:SNH) in a research note issued to investors on Saturday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on SNH. Commerzbank Ag set a €5.30 ($5.82) target price on shares of Steinhoff International Holdings NV and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. Kepler Capital Markets set a €4.55 ($5.00) target price on shares of Steinhoff International Holdings NV and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €6.30 ($6.92) target price on shares of Steinhoff International Holdings NV and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €5.35 ($5.88) target price on shares of Steinhoff International Holdings NV and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €5.30 ($5.82). Shares of Steinhoff International Holdings NV (ETR:SNH) traded up 7.290% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €4.989. 146,080 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is €4.67 and its 200-day moving average is €4.74. The firm has a market cap of €21.16 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.383. Steinhoff International Holdings NV has a 52 week low of €4.21 and a 52 week high of €6.16. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/steinhoff-international-holdings-nv-snh-given-a-5-00-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. About Steinhoff International Holdings NV Steinhoff International Holdings NV is a Germany-based company that is active in the retail of household goods, apparel, as well as in the automotive industry. The household goods business area includes the retail of furniture, building materials and consumer electronics through the Company’s subsidiaries Lipo Einrichtungsmaerkte, Poco and Conforama. Receive News & Ratings for Steinhoff International Holdings NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Steinhoff International Holdings NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brenntag AG (BNR) Given a €53.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Adler Real Estate AG’s (ADL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) Given a €5.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 450 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Oddo Securities Analysts Give BayWa AG (BYW6) a €33.00 Price Target General Electric Company (GE) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives $46.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Kirby Co. (KEX) Receives $65.38 Average Price Target from Brokerages JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.30 Price Target Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €57.00 ($62.64) price target on Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA:FRA) in a research note released on Saturday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also commented on FRA. S&P Global set a €77.00 ($84.62) price objective on shares of Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €58.00 ($63.74) price objective on shares of Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Saturday. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €55.00 ($60.44) price objective on shares of Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and gave the company a sell rating in a research note on Saturday. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €66.83 ($73.44). Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA:FRA) traded up 0.09% on Friday, hitting €71.53. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 415 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €71.08 and a 200-day moving average price of €60.43. Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde has a 1-year low of €44.96 and a 1-year high of €74.95. The company has a market capitalization of €6.47 billion and a P/E ratio of 17.69. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/fraport-ag-frankfurt-arprt-svcs-wrldwde-fra-given-a-57-00-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. Receive News & Ratings for Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Symrise AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Symrise AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Legg Mason (LM) Share Price Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.45 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts ElringKlinger AG (ZIL2) Given a €17.00 Price Target at equinet AG Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €57.00 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brenntag AG (BNR) Given a €53.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts DZ Bank AG Reiterates Neutral Rating for Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Adler Real Estate AG’s (ADL) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Steinhoff International Holdings NV (SNH) Given a €5.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts BT Group plc (BT.A) Given a GBX 450 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Oddo Securities Analysts Give BayWa AG (BYW6) a €33.00 Price Target General Electric Company (GE) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives $46.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Kirby Co. (KEX) Receives $65.38 Average Price Target from Brokerages JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.30 Price Target Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €46.50 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €46.50 ($51.10) price objective on Symrise AG (FRA:SY1) in a research note published on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a sell rating on the stock. Several other brokerages also recently issued reports on SY1. Baader Bank set a €70.00 ($76.92) price objective on Symrise AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. BNP Paribas set a €70.00 ($76.92) target price on Symrise AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €60.00 ($65.93) target price on Symrise AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Barclays PLC set a €62.00 ($68.13) target price on Symrise AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €75.00 ($82.42) target price on Symrise AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €63.72 ($70.02). Symrise AG (FRA:SY1) traded up 1.261% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting €63.425. The stock had a trading volume of 1,394 shares. The firm has a market cap of €8.23 billion and a P/E ratio of 32.576. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of €63.41 and a 200 day moving average price of €59.16. Symrise AG has a 12-month low of €49.95 and a 12-month high of €69.26. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/symrise-ag-sy1-given-a-46-50-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. Receive News & Ratings for Symrise AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Symrise AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Wohnen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Wohnen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.30 Price Target Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Given a €34.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Duerr AG’s (DUE) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Illinois Tool Works (ITW) Stock Price La-Z-Boy (LZB) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.35 MTS Systems (MTSC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €32.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) Given a €22.30 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Macquarie Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (SFQ) Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €18.50 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Schaeffler AG (SHA) PT Set at €13.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. $0.43 EPS Expected for Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) This Quarter Sixt Leasing SE (LNSX) PT Set at €23.50 by Warburg Research Scout24 AG (G24) Given a €37.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Telefonica S.A. (TEF) a €9.90 Price Target HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Telefonica S.A. (TEF) a €9.30 Price Target Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Fresenius SE & Co KGaA (FRE) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €153.00 Price Target by Societe Generale Analysts LHC Group (LHCG) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Given a €34.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Oddo Securities set a €34.00 ($37.36) price objective on Deutsche Wohnen AG (FRA:DWNI) in a report published on Saturday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €29.20 ($32.09) price target on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Saturday. Commerzbank Ag set a €39.00 ($42.86) price target on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Saturday. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €37.00 ($40.66) price target on shares of Deutsche Wohnen AG and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €36.47 ($40.08). Deutsche Wohnen AG (FRA:DWNI) traded up 0.30% on Friday, reaching €34.30. 1,196 shares of the company traded hands. Deutsche Wohnen AG has a one year low of €26.64 and a one year high of €35.70. The company has a market capitalization of €11.58 billion and a PE ratio of 7.74. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €32.26 and its 200 day moving average price is €30.66. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Given a €34.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/deutsche-wohnen-ag-dwni-given-a-34-00-price-target-at-oddo-securities.html. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Wohnen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Wohnen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oddo Securities Analysts Give BayWa AG (BYW6) a €33.00 Price Target General Electric Company (GE) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives $46.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Kirby Co. (KEX) Receives $65.38 Average Price Target from Brokerages JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.30 Price Target Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Given a €34.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Duerr AG’s (DUE) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Illinois Tool Works (ITW) Stock Price La-Z-Boy (LZB) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.35 MTS Systems (MTSC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €32.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) Given a €22.30 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Macquarie Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (SFQ) Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €18.50 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Schaeffler AG (SHA) PT Set at €13.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. $0.43 EPS Expected for Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) This Quarter Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 58 ($0.75) target price on Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) in a report published on Saturday. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other equities research analysts have also recently commented on the stock. AlphaValue reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 91.50 ($1.18) price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 75 ($0.97) price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 70 ($0.90) to GBX 75 ($0.97) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 68 ($0.88) to GBX 70 ($0.90) and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Shore Capital reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 71.07 ($0.92). Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) traded up 0.70% during midday trading on Friday, reaching GBX 71.78. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 133,588,390 shares. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 47.10 and a 12 month high of GBX 74.00. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 66.94 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 64.76. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 56.84 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lloy-given-a-gbx-58-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were paid a GBX 2.20 ($0.03) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 6th. This represents a yield of 3.17%. This is a positive change from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. In other Lloyds Banking Group PLC news, insider Antonio Horta-Osorio bought 50,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 72 ($0.93) per share, for a total transaction of £36,000 ($46,469.60). Also, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.89), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($129,884.24). In the last quarter, insiders purchased 55,905 shares of company stock worth $3,976,803. Lloyds Banking Group PLC Company Profile Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HSBC Holdings plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oddo Securities Analysts Give BayWa AG (BYW6) a €33.00 Price Target General Electric Company (GE) Given a $24.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given a GBX 1,700 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Given a GBX 58 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives $46.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Kirby Co. (KEX) Receives $65.38 Average Price Target from Brokerages JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) a €19.30 Price Target Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Given a €34.00 Price Target at Oddo Securities Duerr AG’s (DUE) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at DZ Bank AG Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Illinois Tool Works (ITW) Stock Price La-Z-Boy (LZB) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.35 MTS Systems (MTSC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €32.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) Given a €22.30 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Macquarie Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (SFQ) Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €18.50 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Schaeffler AG (SHA) PT Set at €13.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. $0.43 EPS Expected for Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) This Quarter HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Given a GBX 640 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 640 ($8.26) target price on HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) in a research report released on Saturday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on the company. Citigroup Inc set a GBX 745 ($9.62) price objective on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 745 ($9.62) price objective on HSBC Holdings plc and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 775 ($10.00) price objective on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. BNP Paribas reissued an outperform rating and set a GBX 720 ($9.29) price target on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and set a GBX 670 ($8.65) price target on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 625.30 ($8.07). HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) traded up 0.20% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting GBX 665.50. The company had a trading volume of 23,620,148 shares. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 130.19 billion. HSBC Holdings plc has a 52-week low of GBX 392.37 and a 52-week high of GBX 715.20. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 653.01 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 657.20. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/hsbc-holdings-plc-hsba-given-a-gbx-640-price-target-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a $0.10 dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. In related news, insider Douglas J. Flint sold 150,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 661 ($8.53), for a total value of £991,500 ($1,279,850.26). Also, insider Lord Evans purchased 1,483 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 674 ($8.70) per share, for a total transaction of £9,995.42 ($12,902.31). In the last quarter, insiders purchased 1,529 shares of company stock worth $1,029,143 and sold 650,827 shares worth $431,568,868. About HSBC Holdings plc HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) is the banking and financial services company. The Company manages its products and services through four businesses: Retail Banking and Wealth Management (RBWM), Commercial Banking (CMB), Global Banking and Markets (GB&M), and Global Private Banking (GPB). It operates across various geographical regions, which include Europe, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, North America and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for HSBC Holdings plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roche Holding Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Morgan Stanley Reiterates CHF 290 Price Target for Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) Baader Bank Reiterates CHF 76 Price Target for Compagnie Financiere Richemont SA (CFR) Citigroup Inc Analysts Give Lafargeholcim Ltd (LHN) a CHF 69 Price Target Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.20 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect JD.Com (JD) Share Price Vonovia SE (VNA) Given a €37.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Leoni Ag (LEO) Given a €50.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Proteon Therapeutics (PRTO) Given News Impact Score of 0.31 United Internet AG (UTDI) Given a €50.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Analysts Anticipate Triumph Bancorp Inc (TBK) to Announce $0.30 Earnings Per Share $186.75 Million in Sales Expected for Web.com Group Inc (WEB) This Quarter Leoni AG (LNNNF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €8.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Novartis AG (NOVN) PT Set at CHF 100 by Jefferies Group LLC Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) PT Set at €7.60 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brokerages Anticipate ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) to Announce -$0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Simmons First National (SFNC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Signature Bank (SBNY) Share Price Morgan Stanley Reiterates CHF 290 Price Target for Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG) May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley set a CHF 290 target price on Roche Holding Ltd. (VTX:ROG) in a research report released on Saturday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the healthcare company’s stock. ROG has been the topic of several other research reports. Barclays PLC set a CHF 320 price target on Roche Holding and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a buy rating on shares of Roche Holding in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a CHF 335 price target on Roche Holding and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Saturday. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a CHF 305 price target on Roche Holding and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Saturday. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of CHF 312.50. Roche Holding (VTX:ROG) traded up 0.72% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching CHK 267.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,552,316 shares. The company has a market cap of CHK 227.47 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.82. Roche Holding has a 12 month low of CHK 218.30 and a 12 month high of CHK 273.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average is CHK 261.06 and its 200 day moving average is CHK 243.75. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Morgan Stanley Reiterates CHF 290 Price Target for Roche Holding Ltd. (ROG)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/morgan-stanley-reiterates-chf-290-price-target-for-roche-holding-ltd-rog.html. Roche Holding Company Profile Roche Holding AG (Roche) is a research-based healthcare company. The Company’s operating businesses are organized into two divisions: Pharmaceuticals and Diagnostics. The Pharmaceuticals Division consists of two business segments: Roche Pharmaceuticals and Chugai. The Diagnostics Division consists of four business areas: Diabetes Care, Molecular Diagnostics, Professional Diagnostics and Tissue Diagnostics. Receive News & Ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roche Holding Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novartis AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Triumph Bancorp Inc (TBK) to Announce $0.30 Earnings Per Share $186.75 Million in Sales Expected for Web.com Group Inc (WEB) This Quarter Leoni AG (LNNNF) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria S.A. (BBVA) PT Set at €8.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Novartis AG (NOVN) PT Set at CHF 100 by Jefferies Group LLC Banco Santander, S.A. (SAN) PT Set at €7.60 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Brokerages Anticipate ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) to Announce -$0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Simmons First National (SFNC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Signature Bank (SBNY) Share Price CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts United Internet AG (UTDI) Given a €45.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Given a €29.20 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) Given a €84.00 Price Target at Baader Bank HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €116.00 Price Target at Nord/LB Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Zurich Insurance Group AG (ZURN) a CHF 320 Price Target Novartis AG (NOVN) PT Set at CHF 100 by Jefferies Group LLC May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Novartis AG (VTX:NOVN) has been given a CHF 100 target price by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC in a report released on Saturday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a CHF 80 price objective on shares of Novartis AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a CHF 70 price objective on shares of Novartis AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday. Novartis AG (VTX:NOVN) traded up 0.13% during trading on Friday, hitting CHK 78.75. 5,144,966 shares of the company were exchanged. Novartis AG has a 12 month low of CHK 67.40 and a 12 month high of CHK 82.80. The company has a 50-day moving average of CHK 76.13 and a 200-day moving average of CHK 73.94. WARNING: “Novartis AG (NOVN) PT Set at CHF 100 by Jefferies Group LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/novartis-ag-novn-pt-set-at-chf-100-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. Novartis AG Company Profile Novartis AG is a holding company, which provides healthcare solutions. The Company is engaged in the research, development, manufacturing and marketing of a range of healthcare products led by pharmaceuticals. The Company’s segments include Innovative Medicines, Sandoz, Alcon and Corporate activities. Receive News & Ratings for Novartis AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novartis AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate ContraVir Pharmaceuticals Inc (CTRV) to Announce -$0.09 EPS ING Groep NV (ING) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Simmons First National (SFNC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Signature Bank (SBNY) Share Price CEWE Stiftung & Co KGaA (CWC) Given a €92.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts United Internet AG (UTDI) Given a €45.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Deutsche Wohnen AG (DWNI) Given a €29.20 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) Given a €84.00 Price Target at Baader Bank HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €86.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €116.00 Price Target at Nord/LB Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Zurich Insurance Group AG (ZURN) a CHF 320 Price Target Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) Given a €5.50 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) Receives GBX 3,337.45 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Hawaiian Electric Industries (HE) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.29 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Buy Rating for Scout24 AG (G24) RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Raised to Strong-Buy at ValuEngine ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €17.50 Price Target at S&P Global ING Groep NV (ING) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) have been assigned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the ten research firms that are currently covering the company. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $19.00. Several brokerages recently commented on ING. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of ING Groep NV from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $19.00 price target for the company in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC began coverage on shares of ING Groep NV in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. They set a “buy” rating for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research report on Monday, February 13th. WARNING: “ING Groep NV (ING) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/ing-groep-nv-ing-given-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) traded up 1.44% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $16.90. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,074,616 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $15.95 and a 200-day moving average price of $14.74. ING Groep NV has a 52 week low of $9.26 and a 52 week high of $17.35. The stock has a market capitalization of $65.61 billion, a PE ratio of 12.36 and a beta of 1.38. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 10th. The financial services provider reported $0.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $4.68 billion for the quarter. ING Groep NV had a net margin of 26.72% and a return on equity of 9.73%. On average, equities research analysts expect that ING Groep NV will post $0.90 EPS for the current year. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Riverhead Capital Management LLC raised its stake in ING Groep NV by 157.6% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 10,200 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $126,000 after buying an additional 6,240 shares during the last quarter. NEXT Financial Group Inc raised its stake in ING Groep NV by 179.1% in the first quarter. NEXT Financial Group Inc now owns 8,618 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $140,000 after buying an additional 5,530 shares during the last quarter. Glovista Investments LLC purchased a new stake in ING Groep NV during the fourth quarter worth $144,000. Assetmark Inc. raised its stake in ING Groep NV by 8.5% in the first quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 9,524 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $144,000 after buying an additional 747 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. purchased a new stake in ING Groep NV during the first quarter worth $166,000. 1.82% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > The Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies and The Business Council of Westchester Host Real Estate Mastermind Forum The Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies and The Business Council of Westchester Host Real Estate Mastermind Forum Monday, 15 May 2017 (1 week ago) Event featured keynote presentation by world-renowned economist Hugh F. Kelly and a lively question and answer session with finance, transportation and urban planning experts. Westchester County, NY (PRWEB) May 15, 2017 The Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies and The Business Council of Westchester co-hosted the successful Real Estate Mastermind Forum: 24-Hour Cities - Emerging Trends in Transactions, Technology and Transportation on Wed, May 10. The event, which took place at the University’s West Harrison campus, brought together industry experts and County leaders for a discussion on the future of the real estate market and the makings of a 24-Hour city. Keynote speaker Hugh F. Kelly, PhD, CRE, shared research on Westchester cities’ population density threshold, public safety ratings and office and multifamily transactions. Trends in Metro North ridership and walkability scores were also analyzed. “According to Metro North statistics, there are 64% more commuters on Metro North east of the Hudson Line than there were three decades ago, and only half of the growth is in commutation to and from Manhattan,” said Kelly. “Once you get off the train, Westchester’s downtowns are quite walkable. Walk Score, an algorithmically-based statistic that measures how close residents are to amenities such as coffee shops, restaurants, gyms, etc., ranks many of the County’s downtowns as ‘Walkers Paradises.’ Typically you have to achieve a score of 90 out of 100 to get that ranking, and you see that in towns like White Plains, New Rochelle, Mount Vernon and Yonkers, among others.” Kelly continued, “To the best of my knowledge, this is the first time that any organization has tried to look at this from the point of view of suburban cities, so you’re at the cutting edge here in Westchester.” Kelly is a Special Advisor to the Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies, a world-renowned economist and the head of his own consulting practice, Hugh F. Kelly Real Estate Economics, as well as the author of 24-Hour Cities: Real Investment Performance, Not Just Promises. A thought-provoking question and answer session with industry experts followed Kelly’s presentation, featuring Michael Patrick Davidson (Managing Director – Global Real Estate, Head of the Americas & World Headquarters, JP Morgan Chase and Co.); Rosemary Scanlon (Chair of the Board, TransitCenter, a nonprofit advocate for public transit; former Chief Economist for PANYNJ; former Divisional Dean at NYU); and David Schiff, AICP (from Kimley-Horn and chair of Westchester/Fairfield Urban Land Institute). In addition to Westchester real estate professionals, Mayor Thomas Roach of White Plains and Mayor Richard Thomas of Mount Vernon were also in attendance. “The inaugural Real Estate Mastermind Forum was a great introduction for Fordham’s Real Estate Institute here in Westchester County, as well as a springboard for a future Master’s program. We were thrilled to work alongside The Business Council of Westchester on such an important event,” said Anthony R. Davidson, PhD, MBA, dean of Fordham’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies. “Between Hugh Kelly’s impressive research and our other industry experts’ thought-provoking questions, we truly brought some of the leading minds together to take a deep look at the potential success and continued growth of Westchester’s cities.” Marsha Gordon, President and CEO of the Business Council of Westchester, said that the program was part of a larger BCW economic development initiative focused on revitalizing Westchester’s urban areas. She said the BCW would be presenting a “Playbook” outlining strategies for the county’s urban areas in the coming months. “We have many vibrant downtowns in Westchester: White Plains, Yonkers, Mount Vernon, New Rochelle,’’ said Gordon. “Our goal is to focus on attracting companies and developers to these areas as part of an overall economic development strategy. Today’s program offered some very valuable information toward this goal." The Real Estate Mastermind Forum: 24-Hour Cities - Emerging Trends in Transactions, Technology and Transportation was sponsored by Bank of America, Clear Channel Outdoor, Inc., First American Title Insurance Company, and The Yonkers Industrial Development Agency (IDA). ABOUT THE REAL ESTATE INSTITUTE AT FORDHAM’S SCHOOL OF PROFESSIONAL AND CONTINUING STUDIES The Real Estate Institute at Fordham’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies currently offers a comprehensive array of professional certificates and industry events, with an anticipated launch of graduate degrees in the near future. Serving professionals and owners/investors of all stripes, the program has four specialized tracks: Finance and Investment, Financial Modeling, Development, and Construction Project Management. Program curriculum is centered on real-world skill sets and taught by talented industry insiders. Flexibility and convenience are program hallmarks: classes can be taken in-person, online, and at various paces. For more information, visit http://www.fordham.edu/realestate. ABOUT THE BUSINESS COUNCIL OF WESTCHESTER The County’s largest and most influential business membership organization, The Business Council of Westchester is committed to helping businesses market, learn, advocate and grow. In addition, The Business Council of Westchester is actively involved in reviewing federal, state and county legislation and regulations in order to assess the potential impact on the business community and to influence the outcomes through advocacy when the business community’s interests may be affected. It also acts as an information resource for the business community and government leaders at all levels. Visit http://www.thebcw.org. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Real Estate the business that can make you a millionaire!Of all the businesses I know, Real Estate is probably the most likely option for earning money . This for many reasons, but the main one is that it represents a... WorldNews 4 days ago - Front PageAlso reported by •bizjournals Housing market in DFW keeping pace with last year's record resultsWith the first quarter of the year in the books for existing single-family home sales in Dallas-Fort Worth, one economist says this year home sales are keeping... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business The SeniorCare Investor to Host Webinar, “Real Estate vs. Business Value for Healthcare Properties”The SeniorCare Investor will host an important webinar — Real Estate vs. Business Value for Healthcare Properties — on Thursday, May 25, 2017, at 1:00 PM ET.... PRWeb 5 days ago - Press Releases Urban Land Institute to honor Herb Weitzman's visionary focus in DFWThe Urban Land Institute of North Texas announced Friday it plans to honor longtime real estate legend and founder of Dallas-based Weitzman — Herb Weitzman —... bizjournals 2 days ago - Business STORE Capital to Attend NAREIT’s REITWeek® 2017SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--STORE Capital Corporation (NYSE: STOR), an internally managed net-lease real estate investment trust (REIT) that invests in... Business Wire 3 days ago - Press Releases Georgia Tech launching masters degree in real estate developmentGeorgia Tech is planning to launch a new master of real estate development degree. "The new degree is a collaborative academic program that has technical,... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Dan Flanigan, Chair of Polsinelli's Department of Real Estate and Financial Services, to Speak at the Global Private Equity Opportunities Forum in Beijing on May 20NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - May 19, 2017) -  Dan Flanigan, chair of Polsinelli's 190-attorney Real Estate and Financial Services Department and managing... Marketwired 3 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •Business Wire Financial Poise™ Announces “Representing Buyers and Sellers of Commercial Property," of the Real Estate Law Webinar Series, Premiering May 18th through West LegalEdcenterFinancial Poise™ Webinars and West LegalEdcenter are pleased to announce the May 18th premiere of a new webinar “Representing Buyers and Sellers of... PRWeb 1 week ago - Press Releases You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases PAKISTAN’s Supernet Commitment on Intelsat EpicNG to Enhance Connectivity for Unserved and Underserved Remote Areas Faith Leaders Begin Fast to Oppose TRUMP BUDGET Cuts RoboUniverse Conference & Expo and the Virtual Reality Summit to Showcase Innovation in Robotics and VR/AR in Seoul, SOUTH KOREA CLARIANT and Huntsman to Combine in Merger of Equals UN, CAS and other Institutions Worldwide will Gather Together in Huizhou to Witness the Groundbreaking of Guangdong's "SILICON VALLEY" Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Celine Dion Mike Pence Nicki Minaj Vanessa Hudgens Current Topics Billboard Music Awards Miley Cyrus Billy Bush Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Have Parallel Universes Been Scientifically Proven? Spider-Man Spinoff Lands A Huge Leading Star - But Who Is It? Julian Assange Case Dropped - But Will He Leave The Embassy? Why Are Amazon Being So Kind To Complaining Customers? 'No Politician In History Has Been Treated More Unfairly' .. According To Trump Himself Fancy A Free Castle? Get Yourself To Italy - But Read The Small Print What Is 'Warm Neptune'? Is Trump Firing His Entire Team? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Monday, May 22, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President News Analysis Trump Reaches Out to Sunni Nations, at Iran’s Expense By BEN HUBBARD and THOMAS ERDBRINK 9:01 PM ET President Trump used a speech in Saudi Arabia to declare his commitment to Sunni Arab nations, asking them to isolate a nation that “fueled the fires of sectarian conflict and terror.” It broke from the path taken by President Barack Obama, who engaged with Iran to reach a breakthrough nuclear accord. Israel’s Preparations for Visit Expose Rifts By ISABEL KERSHNER 8:20 PM ET Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has met resistance within his cabinet over efforts to show Israel’s willingness to resume peace talks with the Palestinians. Video by THE NEW YORK TIMES. Photo by Stephen Crowley/The New York Times   Trump Urges Muslim Leaders to Purge ‘Evil’ By PETER BAKER and MICHAEL D. SHEAR In a centerpiece speech in Saudi Arabia, the president sought to put more of the burden of fighting terrorism on Muslim leaders, calling on them to confront extremism in their midst. Trump’s Schedule for His First Foreign Trip Human Rights Concerns May Not Outweigh Trade Interests By PETER BAKER and MICHAEL D. SHEAR This visit to Saudi Arabia underscored the administration’s view that such concerns too often impede the flow of commerce. Saudi Arabia to Invest $20 Billion in Infrastructure, Mostly in U.S. Writers From the Right and Left React to Week’s News By ANNA DUBENKO Read about how the other side thinks: Perspectives from across the political spectrum on a tumultuous week in Washington. Ford to Replace Its C.E.O., With Sales and Shares Down By BILL VLASIC 12:31 AM ET In the three-year tenure of Mark Fields, right, shares had dropped 40 percent. The company will hand the reins to Jim Hackett, who had been overseeing the unit working on self-driving vehicles. Republicans Watch Their Step in a Slow Retreat From Trump By EMMARIE HUETTEMAN and NOAH WEILAND Republican lawmakers on Sunday inched away from the president over his actions related to the Russia inquiries, but they did not explicitly criticize him. Outside Beltway ‘Inferno,’ Democrats Seek an Agenda Lack of Workers, Not Work, Weighs on Utah’s Economy By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM The state’s 3.1 percent jobless rate has helped drive up wages, yet the biggest problem is no longer a dearth of jobs but of people to do them. Anger, Lawsuits and Inquiry After Fyre Festival’s Failure By JOE COSCARELLI, MELENA RYZIK and BEN SISARIO It was supposed to be a luxurious music getaway in the Bahamas. It turned into a washout, with lawsuits and a federal investigation. Anarchists Fill Void Left by Faltering Greek Governance By NIKI KITSANTONIS 12:01 AM ET Anarchist groups are taking matters into their own hands after years of austerity policies and a refugee crisis have undermined the Greek government. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. No, Google’s Not a Bird: Bringing the Internet to Rural India India produces some of the world’s best coders, but many of its people have little sense of the virtual world. The internet’s arrival in their lives is one of India’s most hopeful narratives. By ELLEN BARRY Your Monday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:44 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Smarter Living 8 David Lynch Films to Watch Before ‘Twin Peaks’ By SCOTT TOBIAS With David Lynch’s “Twin Peaks” revival coming to Showtime on May 21, it’s a good time to stream down the twisted path that got him there. 6 Chicken Recipes You Can Cook in 30 Minutes or Less Chicken paillard with curried oyster mushrooms, crisp stuffed chicken cutlets and more. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times After 146 Years, Ringling Brothers Circus Takes Final Bow By SARAH MASLIN NIR and NATE SCHWEBER 12:26 AM ET There was a sense of mourning at Nassau Coliseum as the circus put on its last show. “It feels a little like a funeral today, but I’m trying not to mourn it in a sad way,” said one fan. “Circus is all about being happy.” Uber’s Driverless Cars Wear Out Welcome in Pittsburgh By CECILIA KANG Pittsburgh’s relationship with the ride-hailing company has soured nine months after Uber rolled out self-driving vehicles. Most Likely to Be Divided: Yearbooks in Election Year By DANA GOLDSTEIN A look at how high school students in the Kansas City region commemorated the campaign in keepsakes meant to be enjoyed by all classmates, no matter their leanings. Coming Into His Own, Until a Fatal Night of Hazing By SARAH MASLIN NIR Timothy Piazza outgrew his shyness to become a protector of his peers. But at Pennsylvania State University, he fell victim to what prosecutors say was fraternity brothers’ criminal conduct. Cuomo Calls on Trump to Ease ‘Summer of Agony’ By KATE TAYLOR 8:16 PM ET Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo asked President Trump to provide funding for construction and transportation alternatives for commuters while some tracks at Penn Station are closed for repairs. The Daily 360 2:41 24 Hours of Music, Yoga and Art Tamir Kalifa for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Liverpool Edges Arsenal for Champions League Berth Sent Into Danger Unprotected, 2 U.N. Experts Were Killed Taliban Kill at Least 20 Afghan Police Officers in Attacks On ‘S.N.L.,’ Alec Baldwin Sings a Swan Song for Trump Erdogan to Extend State of Emergency, and His Iron Grip In Rural Australia, a Generation Gap Widens Over Climate Change The youth wing of a conservative party that represents voters outside the main cities has its own ideas about how to protect a rural lifestyle from the threat posed by climate change. Miles of Ice Collapsing Into the Sea Some scientists fear that West Antarctica’s immense ice sheet may have entered the early stages of an unstoppable disintegration. Discovering Auckland’s Charms (and Idioms) With creativity and help from residents, visitors to an expensive part of the world need not get stuck “in a ratty.” Bid to Cast Black Actor in ‘Virginia Woolf’ Is Denied A theater producer who wanted to cast Damien Geter as Nick in the Edward Albee play has ignited a debate over race and authorial control. The Top of Women’s Tennis Is Now Wide Open With Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka out on maternity leave, the field for the French Open looks to some like a free-for-all. An Ex-Inmate’s Journey to Italy to Study Painting George Anthony Morton, who served nine years on a drug charge, turned to painting in prison. Now he will study in Florence for the summer. Sunday Review ‘This Wasn’t a Speech About Islam’ Our writers discuss Trump’s address to the Muslim world. The verdict? “It could have been worse!”  Comments Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Bruni: A Prayer for Trump Douthat: Trump, Establishment Sellout Kristof: The President vs. Women’s Health The Censors’ Disappearing Vibrator By BALLI KAUR JASWAL 10:15 PM ET Learning about sex in Singapore, under the state’s watchful eye. Will the Presidency Survive This President? 4-Year-Olds Don’t Act Like Trump What to Remember About Watergate You Still Need Your Brain Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds, Volcanic Dust: All in a Day’s Work for Times Team in Antarctica Copy Edit This! Quiz No. 6 Times Insider » Freezing Temperatures, Glacial Winds, Volcanic Dust: All in a Day’s Work for Times Team in Antarctica The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Television Here Is Your Fall 2017 TV Schedule Sunday Review We Aren’t Built to Live in the Moment N.Y. / Region There’s More Than One Way to Shave a Cat The Upshot Statistician Who Taught Us to Measure Teachers Sunday Review If Every Day Is a Rainy Day, What Am I Saving For? I grew up without money. My financial plan includes all the lipstick I want. Arts Can ‘Trans’ Label Apply To Race? Fashion & Style 2017 Cannes Film Festival Red Carpet Looks Sunday Review Modern African Art Is Being Gentrified Art & Design The Architecture of This Year’s Pritzker Winners Real Estate New York City Landlords Are Offering Deals Sunday Review Letters: Technology as a Teaching Tool Chromebooks and Google apps are in classrooms everywhere. Are they an educational boon — or a marketing bonanza? Art & Design L.A. Reincarnation, Fit for a Museum Sections World » News Analysis: In Saudi Arabia, Trump Reaches Out to Sunni Nations, at Iran’s Expense No, Google’s Not a Bird: Bringing the Internet to Rural India Anarchists Fill Services Void Left by Faltering Greek Governance Business Day » Ford Motor Is Replacing Mark Fields as C.E.O. A Vital Drug Runs Low, Though Its Base Ingredient Is in Many Kitchens Pittsburgh Welcomed Uber’s Driverless Car Experiment. Not Anymore. Opinion » Opinion: 4-Year-Olds Don’t Act Like Trump Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump U.S. » Lack of Workers, Not Work, Weighs on Utah’s Economy Pittsburgh Welcomed Uber’s Driverless Car Experiment. Not Anymore. It Was Hard This Year to Keep Politics Out of High School Yearbooks Technology » Pittsburgh Welcomed Uber’s Driverless Car Experiment. Not Anymore. No, Google’s Not a Bird: Bringing the Internet to Rural India Apple Pay Violates Patents Held by Security Technology Inventor, Lawsuit Alleges Arts » In Wreckage of the Fyre Festival, Fury, Lawsuits and an Inquiry A ‘Bachelorette’ Bible Get Me Rewrite! Now It’s Late-Night Hosts Keeping Up With News Politics » Caught in White House Chaos, Justice Dept. Official Seeks Neutral Ground Ivanka Trump Swayed the President on Family Leave. Congress Is a Tougher Sell. Lack of Workers, Not Work, Weighs on Utah’s Economy Fashion & Style » Postscript: That Voice, Those Parties: Remembering Jean Stein The Look: Characters in an Untitled Film Series At Home With: 50 Years of Marriage and Mindfulness With Nena and Robert Thurman Movies » ‘Alien: Covenant’ Is a Ho-Hum No. 1 at the Box Office Critic's Notebook: Cannes Rolls Out the Red Carpet (Now With Metal Detectors) Tom Hardy to Star in ‘Venom’ New York » After 146 Years, Ringling Brothers Circus Takes Its Final Bow Cuomo Calls on Trump to Ease Penn Station’s ‘Summer of Agony’ 19 and Coming Into His Own, Until a Fatal Night of Hazing Sports » Yankees 3, Rays 2: Aaron Judge, His Bat Dulled, Makes Brilliant Catch in Yankees Win Angels 12, Mets 5: Mets Take a Beating From the Angels as Tommy Milone Falters A New Look at the Top of Women’s Tennis: It’s Wide Open Theater » A Black Actor in ‘Virginia Woolf’? Not Happening, Albee Estate Says Jules Feiffer and a ‘Hamilton’ Producer Color Outside the Lines for a New Musical Eugene O’Neill, Brought to Life in Bright Colors Science » Trilobites: Ladybugs Pack Wings and Engineering Secrets in Tidy Origami Packages Trilobites: Genetic Tidying Up Made Humped Bladderworts Into Carnivorous Plants Trilobites: Spotting Mysterious Twinkles on Earth From a Million Miles Away Obituaries » Roxcy Bolton, Feminist Who Fought for Equal Rights Amendment, Dies at 90 Stanley Greene, Whose Camera Captured War’s Brutality, Dies at 68 William Brohn, Who Made Broadway Orchestras Sing, Dies at 84 Television » A ‘Bachelorette’ Bible Get Me Rewrite! Now It’s Late-Night Hosts Keeping Up With News On ‘Saturday Night Live,’ Alec Baldwin Sings a Swan Song for Trump Health » A Vital Drug Runs Low, Though Its Base Ingredient Is in Many Kitchens The New Old Age: Planning to Age in Place? Find a Contractor Now Babies From Skin Cells? Prospect Is Unsettling to Some Experts Travel » On the Water: 10 Favorite Places on European Rivers, Lakes and Coastlines 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Biarritz Choice Tables: An Adriatic Feast on the Italian Coast Books » Nonfiction: The Civil Rights Stories We Need to Remember Q. & A.: Tell Us 5 Things About Your Book: Andrea Petersen on Living With, and Studying, Anxiety Nonfiction: For Better, for Worse: Three Memoirs Report From Marriage Country Education » It Was Hard This Year to Keep Politics Out of High School Yearbooks Bringing the Dream of an Elite College to Rural Students Notre Dame Students Walk Out of Mike Pence Commencement Address Food » Another ‘Twin Peaks’ Puzzle: How to Make That Cherry Pie Hungry City: East Meets West, and Cafe Becomes Sake Bar, at Hi-Collar City Kitchen: Beloved Burrata Finds a Springtime Match Sunday Review » News Analysis: Will the Presidency Survive This President? Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump Real Estate » Return of the S.R.O., With a Twist They Could Buy, but Why? Meet the High-Renters The High End: A Rental Building With a Hip Hotel Bar Vibe The Upshot » Grading the Teachers: The Little-Known Statistician Who Taught Us to Measure Teachers Economic View: How Tales of ‘Flippers’ Led to a Housing Bubble The Cost of College: How Colleges Know What You Can Afford (and the Limits of That Tactic) Magazine » The Health Issue: What Animals Taught Me About Being Human The Health Issue: The Mystery of the Wasting House-Cats The Health Issue: A Pet Tortoise Who Will Outlive Us All Automobiles » Fiat Chrysler to Modify 100,000 Vehicles After Accusations of Emissions Cheating Driven: Video Review: A Quieter and More Refined Mazda CX-5 Wheels: First Came the Hydrogen Cars. Now, the Refilling Stations. T Magazine » In New Yorkers’ Vacation Homes, Less Is More Running Free in Germany’s Outdoor Preschools Food Photography, Over the Years Times Insider » Covering Pippa Middleton’s Wedding: Too Much or Just Enough? Looking Back: If You Have an Hour or Two to Spare, I’ve Got a Story 'Collect Evidence and Cover Your Backside’ Real Estate » What's Selling Now Homes That Sold for Around $900,000 Compiled by C.J. HUGHES Recent residential sales in New York City and the region. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Needless medical tests not only cost $200 billion, they can do harm World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Reports: Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets Before the Bell Romans’ Numeral Investing Guide Fear & Greed Quest Means Business Tech Here's how Trump's FCC affects you Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance How can I save for retirement if I don't have a 401(k)? Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz The factory where prisoners get a second chance Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury I flew the newest personal jet. It costs $2 million, parachute included Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infrastructure by Cristina Alesci   @cristinaalesci May 21, 2017: 1:34 PM ET Blackstone CEO: Infrastructure most important for Trump Saudi Arabia is pledging $20 billion to an American private investment firm to pay for infrastructure projects in the United States. The firm at the center of the deal, the Blackstone Group (BX), has a close connection to President Trump. Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman advises the president on policy issues ranging from trade to infrastructure. The $20 billion in Saudi money is part of a larger effort by Blackstone to invest stateside in toll roads, airports and other public works. The firm said Saturday that it will raise another $20 billion from other investors. With debt financing, Blackstone hopes eventually to bring the total to $100 billion. The announcement Saturday was a year in the making, but the timing was significant. It came as Trump kicked off his first overseas trip this weekend in Saudi Arabia, where he touted his ability to attract foreign investment in the United States. The announcement also came days before the Trump administration is expected to reveal its 2018 budget proposal. And further details about his long-awaited $1 trillion infrastructure plan could come by the end of the month. For that plan to work, the administration needs to attract private capital. Related: Saudi-SoftBank tech fund nears $100 billion target Late last year, Schwarzman, who doesn't hold an official White House position, helped put together a team of corporate executives to advise Trump on jobs and the economy. The group includes JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney (DIS) boss Bob Iger and former GE leader Jack Welch. President Obama put together a similar panel of CEOs to advise him on the economy in 2009. When CNNMoney asked Schwarzman about Trump's priorities at a meeting with the CEO group in April, he said infrastructure was high on the list. Trump is "very engaged in infrastructure," Schwarzman said. "He was a builder and so he understands intuitively the benefit of building things for employment." The Saudi investment will come from the country's Private Investment Fund, which was created in 1971 to manage the Saudi government's investments at home and abroad. Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has led PIF since May 2015, has supported the fund's diversification away from oil. Last fall, the kingdom committed $45 billion from the fund to investments in the tech industry. The deal was made with the Japanese tech conglomerate SoftBank (SFTBF), which recently said it is nearing its goal of raising $100 billion. --CNNMoney's Jill Disis and Zahraa Alkhalisi contributed to this story. CNNMoney (New York) First published May 21, 2017: 1:34 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Tillerson holds briefing in Saudi Arabia without US press Tuition-free college is getting bigger. Here's where it's offered China makes 'flammable ice' breakthrough in South China Sea Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived NerdWallet Paid Partner Looking for a low-interest loan? Check out our review of Prosper. The search is over. We found the best stock brokers for online trading. How much do you need to retire? Use this calculator to find out Current mortgage rates can't be beat. Get the best rate with our tool Can you afford your dream home? Find out with our mortgage calculator. Contact Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics Kushner keeps most of his real estate but offers few clues about potential White House conflicts The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it White House senior adviser Jared Kushner listens as President Trump speaks during an executive order signing in early May. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post) By Amy Brittain and Jonathan O'Connell By Amy Brittain and Jonathan O'Connell May 21 at 9:18 PM Follow @amyjbrittain Follow @OConnellPostBiz As chief executive of his family’s real estate empire, Jared Kushner planned two apartment projects across the street from each other in Jersey City. Both would be luxury skyscrapers, complete with retail space and sweeping views of the Manhattan skyline. A new crosswalk would connect them, intended to link the two Kushner Cos. developments practically and visually. But when Kushner prepared an ethics plan ahead of joining the White House as a top adviser to his father-in-law, President Trump, he drew a curious distinction between the two projects. He sold his stake in one while keeping his share of up to $5 million in the other. Kushner, 36, who is emerging as a singularly powerful figure in the Trump White House, is keeping nearly 90 percent of his vast real estate holdings even after resigning from the family business and pledging a clear divide between his private interests and public duties. The value of his retained real estate interests is between $132 million and $407 million and could leave him in a position to financially benefit from his family’s business. What Jared Kushner still owns View Graphic What Jared Kushner still owns The documents reflect the opaque decisions that Kushner and his attorneys made to allow him to keep much of his outside investments while seeking to remain within the boundaries that government ethics officials would find acceptable. Kushner’s form lists hundreds of private companies. Some of the investments he kept are held by shell companies that are virtually impossible to track, and Kushner has declined to make public more information on those entities. The 124 real estate assets that Kushner has kept include residential real estate in suburban Maryland, a Times Square retail complex, and apartments across the Midwest, from Toledo to the small town of Speedway, Ind. Kushner also kept his stake in a New Jersey mobile-home park. His decision to divest from one of the Jersey City projects, One Journal Square, gained attention this month after his sister appeared at a conference in China promoting the use of a special U.S. visa program to lure investors for the development and publicly noting her brother’s connection to the president. The White House said Kushner had recused himself from discussions of the EB-5 visa program. It is not clear from Kushner’s financial filings whether any of his holdings might intersect with his broad and evolving responsibilities in the White House. This week, Kushner has been close by the president during the administration’s first international trip, with stops in Saudi Arabia, Israel, the Vatican, Belgium and Italy. Kushner rejected a request by The Washington Post to review his ethics agreement with the White House, which would lay out the topics that he has pledged to avoid because of concerns about conflicts of interest. White House officials have said that it is a long-standing policy for the agreements to remain confidential. The site of the One Journal Square luxury apartment project in Jersey City. It’s a project from Kushner Companies, the development firm was formerly run by President Trump’s senior adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) As a result, ethics experts say, Kushner is asking Americans to take his word for it. “Right now, the only thing that the public has is the assurances from the White House that everybody is complying with ethics rules,” said Don Fox, a former general counsel of the Office of Government Ethics. Kushner declined to comment for this article. One of his attorneys, former Clinton administration Justice Department official Jamie Gorelick, said that they were “striving for simplicity” in choosing which assets to sell and which ones to keep to minimize potential areas of conflict. For instance, Kushner sold his interests in 666 Fifth Avenue, the company’s landmark building in Manhattan, because it may be refinanced and posed many uncertainties. He also sold his interests in a venture capital firm because of its investments in broad sectors of the economy, including a health-care company. Had he kept his interests, Kushner might have needed to recuse himself from discussions related to health care or risk violating a conflicts of interest statute. “Jared takes the ethics rules very seriously and would never compromise himself or the administration,” said Joshua Raffel, his White House spokesman. Kushner sold some assets to a trust controlled by his mother. But his attorneys have declined to provide details about other buyers, except to say that they include other family members and third-party buyers. Kushner’s team has said that he might sell more of his holdings. Additionally, they are filing an updated disclosure form to correct several omissions related to positions and stakes in assets that he did not previously list on his form. Trump has cited a presidential exemption from federal ethics laws in his decision to retain ownership of his own global real estate holdings and properties such as the luxury Trump International Hotel near the White House. Even so, Trump has been accused by Democrats and ethics experts of leveraging his presidency for personal profit. And although Trump has denied doing business in Russia, Democrats have called on federal investigators to examine his financial dealings as part of their probe into alleged collusion between the Trump campaign and the ­Kremlin. Trump has also refused to release his tax returns, which could shed more light on his holdings. But Kushner is bound by the ethics guidelines that govern members of the executive staff — including restrictions on participating in actions that could affect an official’s personal financial interest or appear to show favoritism to a close associate or family member. In Jersey City, the dual apartment projects illustrate the complexity of Kushner’s divestiture strategy. On one side of Sip Avenue is One Journal Square, the Kushner Cos.’ proposed two-tower apartment development that became embroiled in the EB-5 visa controversy. On the other side, a proposed 72-story tower known as 30 Journal Square is also planned for development. Kushner held on to his individual stake — valued at between $1 million and $5 million — in the project, his disclosures show. When asked why Kushner sold his investment in One Journal Square but kept 30 Journal Square, his attorneys issued a statement to The Post: “30 Journal Square is a separate project that did not pose the same complexities, including EB-5 financing, as One Journal Square.” Many of the real estate properties that Kushner still owns rely on the support of financial institutions, investors and local officials — and often fall under the purview of regulatory agencies — over which he might now enjoy considerable influence. In Maryland, Kushner has ­retained his stake in several ­Baltimore-area apartment complexes that rely on federal housing assistance. In New Jersey, Kushner has kept his multi­million dollar interests in a suburban mall complex in Monmouth County that is slated to be redeveloped in partnership with an affiliate of a Canadian firm. In Brooklyn, Kushner still owns upscale housing developments on industrial properties financed by private investors and banks. In joining his father-in-law’s administration, Kushner exited a family business that he led for more than a decade. He was a 24-year-old graduate student when his father, Charles, went to federal prison for witness tampering, tax evasion and making illegal campaign contributions. As the eldest son, Jared Kushner took over his family’s real estate firm, Kushner Cos. He changed the company’s focus from modest apartment buildings largely in New Jersey to luxury commercial and residential properties in Manhattan and Brooklyn. In 2009, Kushner married Ivanka Trump, and he formed a bond with her father that now has him in a unique position of trust and power in the White House. The president has charged Kushner with managing foreign relations including with the Middle East and Mexico, as well as policies affecting the opioid- addiction crisis and veterans affairs. Kushner also heads the newly formed Office of American Innovation, designed to deal with agencies to fix problems in the federal government. Over the years, many wealthy White House appointees have wrestled with similar questions. President Barack Obama’s chief of staff, Bill Daley, for example, was a former JPMorgan Chase executive who reported individual assets that could exceed $35 million. “Anything that could possibly give an appearance of an impropriety, I sold,” Daley said in a recent telephone interview with The Post. Daley said his financial interests were more transparent than Kushner’s because most of his investments were in publicly traded companies. By contrast, Kushner owns stakes in limited liability companies that often have no employees, offices or websites. Some are owned through generic ­registered-agent offices in Dover, Del., and function as holding companies for other assets. His initial disclosure, made public on March 31, also had omissions. Although he listed his position on the board of a real estate trading platform founded with his brother, Joshua, he did not disclose his financial stake in the company, which is known as Cadre. The omission was originally reported by the Wall Street Journal. The form also did not disclose Kushner’s position with another limited liability company in Delaware — “JCK Cadre.” When asked about the omission of the Delaware company by Post reporters, Kushner’s attorneys said the position would be added in an upcoming revision to his form. Officials from the White House and the Office of Government Ethics have said that revisions to the forms are common. Larry Noble, a former general counsel at the Federal Election Commission, said Kushner should go beyond what the law requires because of his close relationship with the president and the breadth of his holdings. “We have an unprecedented situation here,” Noble said. “I think it is up to them to disclose as much as they possibly can.” 666 Fifth Avenue, from which Kushner divested, was purchased by the family company in 2007 for $1.8 billion. Kushner Cos. recently discussed an investment deal with Chinese insurance giant Anbang, according to real estate executives familiar with the deliberations. Anbang pulled out of the negotiations. “We knew that it had the potential to be undergoing a major redevelopment, which would involve significant transactions with parties that had not yet been identified,” said another Kushner attorney, Blake Roberts. “It seemed to pose so many complications that the prudent thing to do would be for him to divest from it.” The lawyers also thought that Kushner’s investment in Thrive Capital, a venture capital fund, could be problematic. Through Thrive, Kushner owned a stake in Oscar, a health-care company founded by his brother. Kushner has since divested from his Thrive ownership. A review of the ethics form shows the ambiguity surrounding some of Kushner’s biggest investments. Kushner’s most valuable asset, BFPS Ventures, is described as “real estate in New York” with a value of at least $50 million. A footnote states that “conflicting assets” within the company have been sold. But there is no simple way to determine what BFPS actually owns. The “real estate in New York” is not specified, and city property-record searches do not show any results under the name BFPS. Kushner’s attorneys said BFPS is an investment vehicle that includes bank accounts, stakes of Cadre and other assets. Initially, Kushner planned to sell his entire stake in BFPS, but he later reversed course and decided to sell off only individual assets within the company that might pose a conflict. Documents show that Kushner sold his interest in an oil and gas company in Oklahoma, known as Circle 9, to avoid conflicts concerning oil and gas issues. Kushner’s attorneys have declined to reveal what other assets were sold within BFPS. A Circle 9 representative told The Post that BFPS sold off its small interest — ­approximately one-quarter of 1 percent — in an affiliated passive investment company that Circle 9 manages. “It ended up being more practical to sell the underlying investments that created the conflicts we were trying to eliminate, like Circle 9, than to sell BFPS as a whole,” said Roberts, Kushner’s attorney. Kushner’s representatives have declined to reveal what the initialism BFPS stands for. Michael Kranish contributed to this report. politics Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Amy Brittain is a reporter for The Post's investigative team. Follow @amyjbrittain Jonathan O'Connell has covered land use and development in the Washington area for more than five years. Follow @OConnellPostBiz 189 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Trump summons Muslim nations to confront ‘Islamic terror of all kinds’ 2 Analysis Trump mocked Obama for bowing to a Saudi king. And then he … 3 Kushner keeps most of his real estate but offers few clues about potential White House conflicts 4 Analysis The Seth Rich conspiracy shows how fake news still works 5 Trump signs ‘tremendous’ deals with Saudi Arabia on his first day overseas The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 73° 73° Low 71° High 78° Mon 69° 77° Tue 61° 85° Wed 64° 84° See complete forecast Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infrastructure Posted 12:44 PM, May 21, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infrastructure NEW YORK — Saudi Arabia is pledging $20 billion to an American private investment firm to pay for infrastructure projects in the United States. The firm at the center of the deal, the Blackstone Group, has a close connection to President Trump. Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman advises the president on policy issues ranging from trade to infrastructure. The $20 billion in Saudi money is part of a larger effort by Blackstone to invest stateside in toll roads, airports and other public works. The firm said Saturday that it will raise another $20 billion from other investors. With debt financing, Blackstone hopes eventually to bring the total to $100 billion. The announcement Saturday was a year in the making, but the timing was significant. It came as Trump kicked off his first overseas trip this weekend in Saudi Arabia, where he touted his ability to attract foreign investment in the United States. The announcement also came days before the Trump administration is expected to reveal its 2018 budget proposal. And further details about his long-awaited $1 trillion infrastructure plan could come by the end of the month. For that plan to work, the administration needs to attract private capital. Late last year, Schwarzman, who doesn’t hold an official White House position, helped put together a team of corporate executives to advise Trump on jobs and the economy. The group includes JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney boss Bob Iger and former GE leader Jack Welch. President Obama put together a similar panel of CEOs to advise him on the economy in 2009. When CNNMoney asked Schwarzman about Trump’s priorities at a meeting with the CEO group in April, he said infrastructure was high on the list. Trump is “very engaged in infrastructure,” Schwarzman said. “He was a builder and so he understands intuitively the benefit of building things for employment.” The Saudi investment will come from the country’s Private Investment Fund, which was created in 1971 to manage the Saudi government’s investments at home and abroad. Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has led PIF since May 2015, has supported the fund’s diversification away from oil. Last fall, the kingdom committed $45 billion from the fund to investments in the tech industry. The deal was made with the Japanese tech conglomerate SoftBank, which recently said it is nearing its goal of raising $100 billion. 40.712784 -74.005941 Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular Man shot in the head while picking up son from parents’ home in NW Houston Hit-and-run suspect arrested after bicyclist killed in NE Houston Three teenagers arrested in kidnapping and killing of 6-year-old boy HPD: Bar shut down after 600 clubbers found drinking, partying inside Latest News Some Notre Dame students give chilly reception to VP Pence Sea lion grabs girl and pulls her into water Woman’s body found in home days later in foul play incident Aid worker killed, another abducted in Kabul attack Nation/World Trump signs Kushner-negotiated $100B Saudi arms deal Nation/World Sprint owner says ‘door is open’ to mergers under Trump Nation/World Saudis are welcoming Trump’s visit with open arms Nation/World Trump reaches out to Muslims, calls for sharing ‘burden’ in terror fight Nation/World United States spends more on defense than any other country Nation/World Trump’s border wall may be built on Mexican land Nation/World In victory for moderates, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani wins re-election Nation/World Trump plans to fix government with business savvy Nation/World How Trump’s first foreign trip compares with past presidents Nation/World Trump signs order ‘reorganizing’ executive branch of federal government Nation/World A running list of President Donald Trump’s executive orders Closing Comments Nation/World Closing Comments: Can we coexist? Nation/World White House plagiarizes ExxonMobil in an attempt to herald the oil giant Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nuveen New Jersey Dividend Advantg Mncpl (NXJ) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.31 Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 F.N.B. Corp (FNB) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Eni SpA (E) Stock Price Brokerages Set Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Target Price at $23.45 Primero Mining Corp (P) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Receives $59.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Receives $69.85 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Astec Industries, Inc. (ASTE) PT at $65.20 Restaurant Group PLC (RTN) Receives GBX 370.83 Average PT from Analysts Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 ORBCOMM (ORBC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.03 Full House Resorts (FLL) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.24 PICO Holdings (PICO) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.06 Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact St Jude Medical (STJ) Stock Price Permian Basin Royalty Trust (PBT) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 26th ATN International Inc (ATNI) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) Target Price at $57.63 Buckeye Partners, L.P. (BPL) Receives $73.22 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Airgain Inc (AIRG) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.05 Per Share Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.34 May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) have been trending positive this week, according to Alpha One. The research firm, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Servicemaster Global Holdings earned a news sentiment score of 0.34 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news stories about the business services provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) traded up 0.66% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $36.69. The company had a trading volume of 532,306 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $4.92 billion, a PE ratio of 32.47 and a beta of 1.02. Servicemaster Global Holdings has a 12-month low of $32.41 and a 12-month high of $42.45. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $39.32 and a 200 day moving average price of $38.58. Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The business services provider reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $643 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $638.52 million. Servicemaster Global Holdings had a return on equity of 44.95% and a net margin of 5.23%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.34 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Servicemaster Global Holdings will post $2.15 EPS for the current year. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Servicemaster Global Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Servicemaster Global Holdings in a report on Thursday, April 20th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $49.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $49.00 price objective on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a report on Thursday, April 6th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. Servicemaster Global Holdings has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $43.67. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/servicemaster-global-holdings-serv-receives-news-sentiment-rating-of-0-34.html. In related news, CFO Alan Haughie sold 127,571 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.87, for a total transaction of $5,086,255.77. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 169,571 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,760,795.77. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, SVP James T. Lucke sold 21,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.05, for a total value of $841,050.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 30,230 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,210,711.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 172,860 shares of company stock valued at $6,900,476. 1.40% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Servicemaster Global Holdings ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc is a provider of essential residential and commercial services. The Company operates through three segments: Terminix, American Home Shield and the Franchise Services Group. Its portfolio of brands includes Terminix, American Home Shield, ServiceMaster Restore, ServiceMaster Clean, Merry Maids, Furniture Medic and AmeriSpec. Receive News & Ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infr - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infrastructure Posted: Sunday, May 21, 2017 1:37 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 21, 2017 1:37 PM EDT By Cristina Alesci NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Saudi Arabia is pledging $20 billion to an American private investment firm to pay for infrastructure projects in the United States. The firm at the center of the deal, the Blackstone Group, has a close connection to President Trump. Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman advises the president on policy issues ranging from trade to infrastructure. The $20 billion in Saudi money is part of a larger effort by Blackstone to invest stateside in toll roads, airports and other public works. The firm said Saturday that it will raise another $20 billion from other investors. With debt financing, Blackstone hopes eventually to bring the total to $100 billion. The announcement Saturday was a year in the making, but the timing was significant. It came as Trump kicked off his first overseas trip this weekend in Saudi Arabia, where he touted his ability to attract foreign investment in the United States. The announcement also came days before the Trump administration is expected to reveal its 2018 budget proposal. And further details about his long-awaited $1 trillion infrastructure plan could come by the end of the month. For that plan to work, the administration needs to attract private capital. Late last year, Schwarzman, who doesn't hold an official White House position, helped put together a team of corporate executives to advise Trump on jobs and the economy. The group includes JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney boss Bob Iger and former GE leader Jack Welch. President Obama put together a similar panel of CEOs to advise him on the economy in 2009. When CNNMoney asked Schwarzman about Trump's priorities at a meeting with the CEO group in April, he said infrastructure was high on the list. Trump is "very engaged in infrastructure," Schwarzman said. "He was a builder and so he understands intuitively the benefit of building things for employment." The Saudi investment will come from the country's Private Investment Fund, which was created in 1971 to manage the Saudi government's investments at home and abroad. Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has led PIF since May 2015, has supported the fund's diversification away from oil. Last fall, the kingdom committed $45 billion from the fund to investments in the tech industry. The deal was made with the Japanese tech conglomerate SoftBank, which recently said it is nearing its goal of raising $100 billion. --CNNMoney's Jill Disis and Zahraa Alkhalisi contributed to this story. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infrastructure Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infrastructure Posted on Sunday, May 21, 2017 by CNN in Business News Saudi Arabia is pledging $20 billion to an American private investment firm to pay for infrastructure projects in the United States. The firm at the center of the deal, the Blackstone Group, has a close connection to President Trump. Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman advises the president on policy issues ranging from trade to infrastructure. The $20 billion in Saudi money is part of a larger effort by Blackstone to invest stateside in toll roads, airports and other public works. The firm said Saturday that it will raise another $20 billion from other investors. With debt financing, Blackstone hopes eventually to bring the total to $100 billion. The announcement Saturday was a year in the making, but the timing was significant. It came as Trump kicked off his first overseas trip this weekend in Saudi Arabia, where he touted his ability to attract foreign investment in the United States. The announcement also came days before the Trump administration is expected to reveal its 2018 budget proposal. And further details about his long-awaited $1 trillion infrastructure plan could come by the end of the month. For that plan to work, the administration needs to attract private capital. Late last year, Schwarzman, who doesn’t hold an official White House position, helped put together a team of corporate executives to advise Trump on jobs and the economy. The group includes JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney boss Bob Iger and former GE leader Jack Welch. President Obama put together a similar panel of CEOs to advise him on the economy in 2009. When CNNMoney asked Schwarzman about Trump’s priorities at a meeting with the CEO group in April, he said infrastructure was high on the list. Trump is “very engaged in infrastructure,” Schwarzman said. “He was a builder and so he understands intuitively the benefit of building things for employment.” The Saudi investment will come from the country’s Private Investment Fund, which was created in 1971 to manage the Saudi government’s investments at home and abroad. Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has led PIF since May 2015, has supported the fund’s diversification away from oil. Last fall, the kingdom committed $45 billion from the fund to investments in the tech industry. The deal was made with the Japanese tech conglomerate SoftBank, which recently said it is nearing its goal of raising $100 billion. –CNNMoney’s Jill Disis and Zahraa Alkhalisi contributed to this story. Sasheer Zamata exits 'Saturday Night Live' Saudi-SoftBank tech fund nears $100 billion target Related Posts DEP Releases Preliminary Marcellus Shale Production Data CNB Bank Makes Donation to Help CRC L&I Dept. Commemorates PA and National Disability Employment Awareness Month CCRTA Announces Opening of Spring Tourism Promotion Grant Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Needless medical tests not only cost $200 billion, they can do harm World Access Companies Car News Interactives Your Money, Your America Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Reports: Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets Before the Bell Romans’ Numeral Investing Guide Fear & Greed Quest Means Business Tech Here's how Trump's FCC affects you Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance How can I save for retirement if I don't have a 401(k)? Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz The factory where prisoners get a second chance Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Start Small, Think Big Luxury I flew the newest personal jet. It costs $2 million, parachute included Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Saudi Arabia pledges $20 billion to Blackstone for American infrastructure by Cristina Alesci   @cristinaalesci May 21, 2017: 1:34 PM ET Blackstone CEO: Infrastructure most important for Trump Saudi Arabia is pledging $20 billion to an American private investment firm to pay for infrastructure projects in the United States. The firm at the center of the deal, the Blackstone Group (BX), has a close connection to President Trump. Blackstone CEO Steve Schwarzman advises the president on policy issues ranging from trade to infrastructure. The $20 billion in Saudi money is part of a larger effort by Blackstone to invest stateside in toll roads, airports and other public works. The firm said Saturday that it will raise another $20 billion from other investors. With debt financing, Blackstone hopes eventually to bring the total to $100 billion. The announcement Saturday was a year in the making, but the timing was significant. It came as Trump kicked off his first overseas trip this weekend in Saudi Arabia, where he touted his ability to attract foreign investment in the United States. The announcement also came days before the Trump administration is expected to reveal its 2018 budget proposal. And further details about his long-awaited $1 trillion infrastructure plan could come by the end of the month. For that plan to work, the administration needs to attract private capital. Related: Saudi-SoftBank tech fund nears $100 billion target Late last year, Schwarzman, who doesn't hold an official White House position, helped put together a team of corporate executives to advise Trump on jobs and the economy. The group includes JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon, Walt Disney (DIS) boss Bob Iger and former GE leader Jack Welch. President Obama put together a similar panel of CEOs to advise him on the economy in 2009. When CNNMoney asked Schwarzman about Trump's priorities at a meeting with the CEO group in April, he said infrastructure was high on the list. Trump is "very engaged in infrastructure," Schwarzman said. "He was a builder and so he understands intuitively the benefit of building things for employment." The Saudi investment will come from the country's Private Investment Fund, which was created in 1971 to manage the Saudi government's investments at home and abroad. Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, who has led PIF since May 2015, has supported the fund's diversification away from oil. Last fall, the kingdom committed $45 billion from the fund to investments in the tech industry. The deal was made with the Japanese tech conglomerate SoftBank (SFTBF), which recently said it is nearing its goal of raising $100 billion. --CNNMoney's Jill Disis and Zahraa Alkhalisi contributed to this story. CNNMoney (New York) First published May 21, 2017: 1:34 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Tillerson holds briefing in Saudi Arabia without US press Tuition-free college is getting bigger. Here's where it's offered China makes 'flammable ice' breakthrough in South China Sea Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Pay no interest until July 2018 with this card $200 just for using this credit card Rack up unlimited miles with this astonishing credit card 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived NerdWallet Paid Partner Looking for a low-interest loan? Check out our review of Prosper. The search is over. We found the best stock brokers for online trading. How much do you need to retire? Use this calculator to find out Current mortgage rates can't be beat. Get the best rate with our tool Can you afford your dream home? Find out with our mortgage calculator. Contact Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. . All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and/or its affiliates. © Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sawtooth Solutions LLC Takes Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 494,968 Shares of Centurylink Inc (CTL) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Stake Cut by Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Shares Sold by Sawtooth Solutions LLC Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC Increases Position in Progressive Corp (PGR) Sawtooth Solutions LLC Purchases Shares of 2,338 Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Spectrum Management Group Inc. Has $650,000 Stake in Masco Corp (MAS) Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 594,118 Shares of HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Shares Sold by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 3,839 Shares of M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Sempra Energy (SRE) Position Boosted by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 136,091 Shares of PG&E Co. (PCG) Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC WESPAC Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Amphenol Co. (APH) Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Shares Sold by WESPAC Advisors LLC Warren Averett Asset Management LLC Takes Position in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. Invests $201,000 in Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Cascade Bancorp (CACB) Stock Price Conagra Brands (CAG) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.18 Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC raised its stake in Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) by 24.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,285,887 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock after buying an additional 251,822 shares during the period. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC’s holdings in Vodafone Group Plc were worth $33,986,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of VOD. Warren Averett Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 9.2% in the first quarter. Warren Averett Asset Management LLC now owns 11,817 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $312,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. Blue Granite Capital LLC increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 20.2% in the first quarter. Blue Granite Capital LLC now owns 106,731 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $2,821,000 after buying an additional 17,900 shares during the period. American Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 29.5% in the first quarter. American Asset Management Inc. now owns 15,764 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $417,000 after buying an additional 3,591 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 2.6% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 2,675,414 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $70,681,000 after buying an additional 66,641 shares during the period. Finally, Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. increased its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 3.2% in the first quarter. Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. now owns 22,376 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $586,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 9.59% of the company’s stock. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) traded up 0.59% on Friday, reaching $29.18. The company had a trading volume of 4,601,768 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $26.66 and a 200 day moving average of $25.81. The stock’s market cap is $81.63 billion. Vodafone Group Plc has a one year low of $24.17 and a one year high of $34.70. The business also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be issued a $1.1234 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. This is a boost from Vodafone Group Plc’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.56. This represents a dividend yield of 7.74%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Boosts Position in Vodafone Group Plc (VOD)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/parametric-portfolio-associates-llc-boosts-position-in-vodafone-group-plc-vod.html. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on VOD. Barclays PLC downgraded Vodafone Group Plc from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Friday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $32.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, May 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Bank of America Corp downgraded Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $30.76. Vodafone Group Plc Company Profile Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, May 22, 2017 - Page 14　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies AUTOMAKERS Hyundai, Kia recalls probed US safety regulators have opened a formal investigation into the recall of nearly 1.7 million vehicles by Hyundai Motor Co and affiliate Kia Motor Corp over engine defects, according to filings published on Saturday. A South Korean whistle-blower reported concerns last year to the US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration, which is to probe the timeliness of three recalls carried out in the US and whether they covered enough vehicles. A Hyundai spokesman in Seoul said the company “has conducted recalls in compliance with US regulations and procedure” and will “sincerely” cooperate with the investigation. CANADA Home price growth slows Home price growth in Toronto slowed in the first two weeks of this month and sales fell 16 percent from last year, signaling that a new tax on foreign buyers and funding crisis at mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc might be cooling the market in the nation’s biggest city. The average selling price for all home types was C$890,284 (US$658,000) through Sunday last week, up 17 percent from a year earlier and down 3.3 percent from the previous month, according to data from the Toronto Real Estate board. Housing prices jumped 25 percent last month and 33 percent in March from the year-earlier periods. AUTOMAKERS Audi, SAIC reach agreement Audi and its dealers in China have reached an agreement on how cars produced with SAIC Motor Corp (上海汽車) will be sold in the country. The deal, announced on Saturday in a statement, ends months of tension after Audi-parent Volkswagen AG set out plans in November last year to produce cars with SAIC. Previously, the German company had made Audis in China exclusively with China FAW Group Corp (第一汽車). Under the accord between Audi and the dealers, any SAIC-produced cars would be distributed through the existing sales network. BANKING JPMorgan CEO optimistic JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer Jamie Dimon said he remains optimistic about the global economy and the prospects for regulatory reform under US President Donald Trump. “Japan is growing more than it has grown in 15 years, Europe is doing well all things considered, America is chugging along,” Dimon said on Saturday in Riyadh. “Even the IMF, which is always warning about stuff, is saying the world will grow faster than expected.” Dimon said he is comfortable about JPMorgan’s future given its positioning in emerging markets like Saudi Arabia, which is moving to privatize assets and gaining increased attention from international investment banks. UNITED STATES Crowdfunding gets slow start It has been a year since US rules went into effect enabling anyone — not just the ultra-wealthy — to buy a slice of a start-up. However, investors sprinkled just about US$38 million across 142 companies since May last year, when Title III of the JOBS Act allowed equity crowdfunding for non-accredited investors, according to data from industry tracker NextGen Crowdfunding LLC. Richard Swart, a founding board member of the Crowdfunding Professional Association, said the slow start is a little surprising, adding that the practice is still in its infancy. Wefunder, StartEngine and SeedInvest are the primary crowdfunding platforms and many founders are not aware that equity fundraising is an option, he said. This story has been viewed 836 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-15 to 2017-05-22 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Foreign cram-school teachers to face tighter rules 2 The organic functioning of Taiwan 3 Philippine lawmakers issue statement supporting Taiwan’s WHA attendance 4 Ministry seeks allies’ help with WHA 5 China’s leadership of the WHO has failed MORE  1 EDITORIAL: Chinese ethnicity and Taiwan expats 2 Taipei hopes allies defy China ‘threats’ 3 Foreign cram-school teachers to face tighter rules 4 Responding to the new Silk Road 5 Air raid drill set for north Taiwan this afternoon MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HP Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sand Hill Global Advisors LLC Acquires 182 Shares of Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Icon Advisers Inc. Co. Maintains Stake in Discover Financial Services (DFS) Fiserv Inc (FISV) Shares Sold by Tesco Pension Investment Ltd World Asset Management Inc Acquires 1,140 Shares of Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Stake Boosted by World Asset Management Inc Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Position Increased by World Asset Management Inc FLIR Systems, Inc. (FLIR) Stake Raised by Swiss National Bank Swiss National Bank Has $16.77 Million Position in Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Swiss National Bank Raises Position in First Data Corp (FDC) HP Inc (HPQ) Shares Bought by World Asset Management Inc Smith Asset Management Group LP Invests $33.672 Million in Hershey Co (HSY) Franklin Limited Duration Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (FTF) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11 on June 15th Brokerages Anticipate Extraction Oil & Gas Inc (XOG) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $122.48 Million $15.07 Million in Sales Expected for O2Micro International Limited (OIIM) This Quarter Viking Therapeutics Inc (VKTX) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.17 Per Share Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Acquires 700 Shares of C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (CHRW) Sanderson Farms (SAFM) Receives News Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Acquires 923 Shares of Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) TriCo Bancshares (TCBK) Given Daily Media Impact Score of -0.12 Macerich Co (MAC) Shares Bought by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. HP Inc (HPQ) Shares Bought by World Asset Management Inc May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in shares of HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) by 7.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 205,210 shares of the computer maker’s stock after buying an additional 14,352 shares during the period. World Asset Management Inc’s holdings in HP were worth $3,669,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of HPQ. Garde Capital Inc. boosted its position in HP by 8.0% in the third quarter. Garde Capital Inc. now owns 48,875 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $1,252,000 after buying an additional 3,600 shares in the last quarter. LSV Asset Management boosted its position in HP by 0.5% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 11,638,898 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $180,752,000 after buying an additional 55,100 shares in the last quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in HP by 0.7% in the third quarter. Visionary Asset Management Inc. now owns 221,093 shares of the computer maker’s stock valued at $3,434,000 after buying an additional 1,481 shares in the last quarter. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. boosted its stake in shares of HP by 6.2% in the third quarter. Flippin Bruce & Porter Inc. now owns 393,517 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $6,111,000 after buying an additional 22,816 shares in the last quarter. Finally, AMG National Trust Bank boosted its stake in shares of HP by 11.6% in the third quarter. AMG National Trust Bank now owns 271,714 shares of the computer maker’s stock worth $4,220,000 after buying an additional 28,258 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 78.94% of the company’s stock. HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ) traded up 1.17% on Friday, reaching $19.00. 8,049,898 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $18.52 and its 200 day moving average price is $16.51. The company has a market cap of $32.17 billion, a PE ratio of 12.96 and a beta of 1.52. HP Inc has a 12 month low of $11.48 and a 12 month high of $19.49. HP (NYSE:HPQ) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The computer maker reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $12.68 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $11.82 billion. HP had a net margin of 5.17% and a negative return on equity of 63.67%. HP’s revenue was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.36 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that HP Inc will post $1.62 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 14th will be given a $0.1327 dividend. This represents a $0.53 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.83%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 12th. HP’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 37.32%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/hp-inc-hpq-shares-bought-by-world-asset-management-inc.html. A number of brokerages have recently commented on HPQ. Barclays PLC raised shares of HP from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $17.00 to $22.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Citigroup Inc raised shares of HP from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $17.54 to $20.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $16.00 price objective (up previously from $15.50) on shares of HP in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of HP from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Maxim Group upped their price objective on shares of HP from $15.00 to $16.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $18.38. In other news, insider Ron Coughlin sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.14, for a total transaction of $181,400.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 61,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,120,054.30. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Tracy S. Keogh sold 113,582 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.43, for a total transaction of $1,979,734.26. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 96,926 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,689,420.18. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 1,093,741 shares of company stock valued at $19,482,770. 0.51% of the stock is owned by insiders. HP Company Profile HP Inc is a provider of products, technologies, software, solutions and services to individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and enterprises, including customers in the government, health and education sectors. The Company provides personal computing and other access devices, imaging and printing products, and related technologies, solutions and services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HPQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ). Receive News & Ratings for HP Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HP Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Davis R M Inc. Invests $226,000 in Morgan Stanley (MS) FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Buys 1,716 Shares of Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Convergys Corp (CVG) Stake Decreased by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Has $1.796 Million Stake in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) AKO Capital LLP Sells 65,631 Shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Lowers Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Stake Reduced by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Allstate Corp (ALL) Shares Bought by AT Bancorp Wells Fargo & Co Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Henderson Group PLC Sells 21,037 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) salesforce.com, inc.’s (CRM) Outperform Rating Reiterated at William Blair Instinet Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Earns Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Mylan (MYL) Earns “Market Perform” Rating from Cowen and Company Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.2 Billion Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley Discover Financial Services (DFS) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Boston Partners Has $3,038,000 Position in Graham Co. (GHM) Boston Partners Sells 78,638 Shares of La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Davis R M Inc. Invests $226,000 in Morgan Stanley (MS) May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Davis R M Inc. purchased a new stake in Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 5,281 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $226,000. Other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 43.5% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 39,529,310 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,670,114,000 after buying an additional 11,986,512 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $346,891,000. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 4.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 162,752,027 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,876,272,000 after buying an additional 6,517,260 shares during the period. ValueAct Holdings L.P. raised its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 10.3% in the third quarter. ValueAct Holdings L.P. now owns 41,900,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,343,314,000 after buying an additional 3,900,000 shares during the period. Finally, Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Morgan Stanley by 1,530.7% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 2,509,476 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $106,006,000 after buying an additional 2,355,588 shares during the period. 85.87% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) opened at 41.80 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $77.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.40 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley has a 12-month low of $23.11 and a 12-month high of $47.33. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $42.56 and its 200-day moving average price is $42.71. Morgan Stanley also saw unusually large options trading activity on Thursday. Stock traders purchased 2,771 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 403% compared to the typical volume of 551 call options. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.10. The business had revenue of $9.75 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley had a net margin of 15.76% and a return on equity of 8.48%. Morgan Stanley’s revenue for the quarter was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.55 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Morgan Stanley will post $3.48 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 1st were issued a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, April 27th. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.91%. Morgan Stanley’s dividend payout ratio is currently 27.40%. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/davis-r-m-inc-invests-226000-in-morgan-stanley-ms.html. A number of research firms recently issued reports on MS. Compass Point lowered Morgan Stanley from a “neutral” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $34.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Instinet reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $49.00 target price on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Vetr lowered Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $39.48 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $42.49 to $47.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating, nineteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $42.07. In other news, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 212,365 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.93, for a total transaction of $9,116,829.45. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 1,389,378 shares in the company, valued at approximately $59,645,997.54. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS). Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Western Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News US Bancorp DE Buys 1,716 Shares of Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Convergys Corp (CVG) Stake Decreased by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Has $1.796 Million Stake in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) AKO Capital LLP Sells 65,631 Shares of Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Lowers Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Stake Reduced by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Allstate Corp (ALL) Shares Bought by AT Bancorp Wells Fargo & Co Reaffirms Market Perform Rating for Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) Henderson Group PLC Sells 21,037 Shares of Zimmer Biomet Holdings Inc (ZBH) salesforce.com, inc.’s (CRM) Outperform Rating Reiterated at William Blair Instinet Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Earns Buy Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Mylan (MYL) Earns “Market Perform” Rating from Cowen and Company Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Melco Resorts & Entertainment Ltd (MLCO) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.2 Billion Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Rating Reiterated by Morgan Stanley Discover Financial Services (DFS) Rating Reiterated by Wells Fargo & Co Boston Partners Has $3,038,000 Position in Graham Co. (GHM) Boston Partners Sells 78,638 Shares of La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Boston Partners Has $3.247 Million Position in Newpark Resources Inc (NR) Boston Partners Invests $3.304 Million in Dicks Sporting Goods Inc (DKS) US Bancorp DE Has $1.796 Million Stake in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet US Bancorp DE lowered its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) by 5.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 42,334 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 2,517 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE’s holdings in Great Western Bancorp were worth $1,796,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of GWB. First Trust Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 224.6% in the first quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 85,017 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $3,606,000 after buying an additional 58,826 shares in the last quarter. LSV Asset Management increased its position in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 191.2% in the first quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 29,700 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,259,000 after buying an additional 19,500 shares in the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its position in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 6.2% in the first quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 82,826 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $3,511,000 after buying an additional 4,837 shares in the last quarter. Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. increased its position in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 2.9% in the first quarter. Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. now owns 31,600 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,340,000 after buying an additional 900 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 10.4% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 254,223 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $10,782,000 after buying an additional 23,905 shares in the last quarter. Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) opened at 37.72 on Friday. Great Western Bancorp Inc has a 12-month low of $29.31 and a 12-month high of $45.62. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $41.39 and a 200 day moving average of $41.53. The stock has a market cap of $2.22 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.67 and a beta of 1.86. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.60 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.62 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $111.23 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.90 million. Great Western Bancorp had a return on equity of 8.47% and a net margin of 27.75%. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.55 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Great Western Bancorp Inc will post $2.50 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This is a positive change from Great Western Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.12%. Great Western Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 30.77%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/us-bancorp-de-has-1-796-million-stake-in-great-western-bancorp-inc-gwb.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on GWB. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Great Western Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, May 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Great Western Bancorp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $48.00 to $47.00 in a report on Friday, April 28th. DA Davidson reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. FBR & Co began coverage on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $45.00. About Great Western Bancorp Great Western Bancorp, Inc is a full-service regional bank holding company. The Company is the holding company of the Great Western Bank (the Bank). As of September 30, 2016, the Company served customers through 173 branches in various markets in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GWB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB). Receive News & Ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect WPX Energy (WPX) Share Price WestRock (WRK) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.56 Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact The Western Union Company (WU) Share Price CSRA Inc (CSRA) Stake Raised by First Trust Advisors LP American Century Companies Inc. Has $398.2 Million Stake in Cummins Inc. (CMI) Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.15 Orchid Island Capital Inc (ORC) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 26th Zillow Group (ZG) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Packaging Corp Of America (PKG) Shares Sold by First Trust Advisors LP Advisors Asset Management Inc. Raises Position in Clorox Co (CLX) AGNC Investment Corp (AGNC) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 26th LKQ Co. (LKQ) Stake Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Lowers Stake in BCE Inc. (BCE) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Invests $1.402 Million in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Analysts Expect Blackline Inc (BL) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $41.31 Million $0.05 Earnings Per Share Expected for Quantenna Communications Inc (QTNA) This Quarter RealPage Inc (RP) Position Decreased by American Century Companies Inc. Washington Prime Group (WPG) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Advanced Drainage Systems (WMS) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact West Marine (WMAR) Stock Price LKQ Co. (LKQ) Stake Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Advisors Asset Management Inc. cut its stake in shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) by 23.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 33,523 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after selling 10,246 shares during the period. Advisors Asset Management Inc.’s holdings in LKQ were worth $981,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Profund Advisors LLC increased its stake in LKQ by 0.3% in the first quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 7,384 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $216,000 after buying an additional 22 shares in the last quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. increased its stake in LKQ by 0.6% in the first quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. now owns 13,343 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $391,000 after buying an additional 80 shares in the last quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in LKQ by 1.4% in the first quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 13,720 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $402,000 after buying an additional 186 shares in the last quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc increased its stake in LKQ by 1.0% in the third quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 30,468 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $1,080,000 after buying an additional 315 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its stake in LKQ by 3.9% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 9,959 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $291,000 after buying an additional 377 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 88.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) opened at 31.05 on Friday. LKQ Co. has a 12 month low of $27.85 and a 12 month high of $36.35. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $29.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.19. The stock has a market cap of $9.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.76 and a beta of 0.51. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a net margin of 5.48% and a return on equity of 16.41%. The firm had revenue of $2.34 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.31 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.42 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 21.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that LKQ Co. will post $1.87 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/lkq-co-lkq-stake-decreased-by-advisors-asset-management-inc.html. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on LKQ shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on LKQ in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 target price on the stock. William Blair restated an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $37.00 target price on shares of LKQ in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating and set a $41.00 target price (up previously from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. LKQ has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.25. In other news, Director Robert M. Hanser sold 1,024 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.49, for a total transaction of $32,245.76. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 3,552 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $111,852.48. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Sukhpal S. Ahluwalia acquired 1,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $31.46 per share, with a total value of $47,190.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 39,546 shares of company stock valued at $1,206,038. Insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. LKQ Company Profile LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LKQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ). Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Hibbett Sports Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibbett Sports Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG Finisar’s (FNSR) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Given “Hold” Rating at Cantor Fitzgerald Bruker Co. (BRKR) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for W.P. Carey Inc. REIT Lifted by Analyst (WPC) Energen’s (EGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Given “Hold” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Textainer Group Holdings Limited (TGH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Whittier Trust Co. Purchases 209 Shares of Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) ST Germain D J Co. Inc. Buys 34 Shares of American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) TD Securities Reaffirms Buy Rating for Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) iAB Financial Bank Cuts Stake in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) Clorox (CLX) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.07 ONE Gas Inc (OGS) Short Interest Update Short Interest in Direxion Daily Small Cap Bear 3X Shares (TZA) Grows By 78.8% Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Hibbett Sports, Inc. Reduced by SunTrust Banks (HIBB) Dream Global REIT to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.91 Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (DRG) Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) Forecasted to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.15 Per Share Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Hibbett Sports, Inc. Reduced by SunTrust Banks (HIBB) May 21st, 2017 - By Amy Steele - 0 comments Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Hibbett Sports, Inc. (NASDAQ:HIBB) – Equities researchers at SunTrust Banks cut their Q2 2018 earnings estimates for Hibbett Sports in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. SunTrust Banks analyst D. Magee now expects that the company will post earnings of $0.18 per share for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of $0.25. SunTrust Banks has a “Hold” rating and a $34.00 price target on the stock. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Hibbett Sports’ Q3 2018 earnings at $0.58 EPS. Get Hibbett Sports Inc. alerts: Hibbett Sports (NASDAQ:HIBB) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The company reported $0.97 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.01. Hibbett Sports had a return on equity of 20.53% and a net margin of 6.84%. The firm had revenue of $275.70 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $275.49 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.22 EPS. The business’s revenue was down 2.3% compared to the same quarter last year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Hibbett Sports, Inc. Reduced by SunTrust Banks (HIBB)” was first posted by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/21/q2-2018-eps-estimates-for-hibbett-sports-inc-reduced-by-suntrust-banks-hibb.html. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Vetr raised Hibbett Sports from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $32.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, April 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Hibbett Sports from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $34.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, January 30th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Stephens downgraded Hibbett Sports from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $32.00 price target (down from $33.00) on shares of Hibbett Sports in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity set a $34.00 price target on Hibbett Sports and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $33.87. Shares of Hibbett Sports (NASDAQ:HIBB) opened at 23.85 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $508.36 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.77 and a beta of 0.84. Hibbett Sports has a 12 month low of $22.80 and a 12 month high of $45.85. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $26.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $32.99. In related news, SVP Jared S. Briskin sold 3,040 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.47, for a total transaction of $86,548.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Company insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its stake in Hibbett Sports by 0.9% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 6,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $267,000 after buying an additional 60 shares in the last quarter. Comerica Bank raised its position in shares of Hibbett Sports by 0.9% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 24,304 shares of the company’s stock worth $629,000 after buying an additional 208 shares during the last quarter. Thrivent Financial For Lutherans raised its position in shares of Hibbett Sports by 1.8% in the first quarter. Thrivent Financial For Lutherans now owns 12,350 shares of the company’s stock worth $364,000 after buying an additional 220 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Hibbett Sports by 5.0% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 5,135 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 245 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Hibbett Sports by 7.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,190 shares of the company’s stock worth $123,000 after buying an additional 291 shares during the last quarter. About Hibbett Sports Hibbett Sports, Inc operates athletic specialty stores in small and mid-sized markets in the South, Southwest, Mid-Atlantic and the Midwest regions of the United States. As of January 28, 2017, the Company had operated 1,078 stores consisting of 1,059 Hibbett Sports stores and 19 smaller-format Sports Additions athletic shoe stores in 35 states. Receive News & Stock Ratings for Hibbett Sports Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hibbett Sports Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Increases Stake in Belden Inc. (BDC) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate W. R. Berkley Corp (WRB) Will Announce Earnings of $0.76 Per Share $0.77 EPS Expected for Park Hotels & Resorts Inc (PK) This Quarter Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Acquires 400 Shares of PNM Resources Inc (PNM) Arrow Financial Corp Increases Position in Raytheon Company (RTN) Lions Gate Entertainment Co. Class A Voting Shares (LGF.A) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Maintains Stake in Cott Corp (COT) Deere & Company (DE) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Raises Stake in Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) Wells Fargo & Company MN Sells 1,809,469 Shares of Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Stryker Co. (SYK) Stake Boosted by Linscomb & Williams Inc. Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Shares Bought by Linscomb & Williams Inc. Beck Mack & Oliver LLC Has $409,000 Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) American Assets Trust (AAT) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.32 Innospec Inc. (IOSP) Short Interest Up 7.5% in April Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Buys 1,899 Shares of Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Very Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Aecom (ACM) Stock Price Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.13 DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Sells 31,323 Shares of Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Invests $136,000 in HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Increases Stake in Belden Inc. (BDC) May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund raised its stake in shares of Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) by 1.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 14,673 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund’s holdings in Belden were worth $1,015,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of BDC. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Belden during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $105,000. James Investment Research Inc. acquired a new stake in Belden during the first quarter valued at approximately $130,000. Elkfork Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Belden during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $159,000. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp acquired a new stake in Belden during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $175,000. Finally, Ellington Management Group LLC acquired a new stake in Belden during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $209,000. Shares of Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) opened at 67.99 on Friday. Belden Inc. has a 12-month low of $54.97 and a 12-month high of $81.33. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.87 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.58 and a beta of 2.24. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $69.22 and a 200 day moving average of $72.36. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.92 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.89 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $551.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $551.14 million. Belden had a net margin of 5.43% and a return on equity of 20.29%. Belden’s quarterly revenue was up 1.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.01 earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Belden Inc. will post $5.10 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/oregon-public-employees-retirement-fund-increases-stake-in-belden-inc-bdc.html. Several research firms have commented on BDC. Drexel Hamilton began coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Monday, February 13th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price target on the stock. Seaport Global Securities began coverage on shares of Belden in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Belden from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $81.71. Belden Company Profile Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BDC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC). Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barclays PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Barclays PLC (BCS) Acadian Asset Management LLC Invests $364,000 in MarineMax Inc (HZO) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Buys 96,254 Shares of Nike Inc (NKE) Acadian Asset Management LLC Invests $410,000 in Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) AerCap Holdings (AER) Shares Sold by Acadian Asset Management LLC Acadian Asset Management LLC Buys New Position in Calithera Biosciences Inc (CALA) Acadian Asset Management LLC Acquires Shares of 216,518 Perion Network Ltd (PERI) ProShare Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Patterson-UTI Energy, Inc. (PTEN) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Short Interest Update Healthcare Services Group, Inc. (HCSG) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Cable One Inc (CABO) Stake Increased by Nationwide Fund Advisors Nationwide Fund Advisors Has $4.9 Million Position in Ensco Plc (ESV) Cree, Inc. (CREE) Shares Bought by Nationwide Fund Advisors Nationwide Fund Advisors Increases Stake in World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 23,135 Shares of Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Celgene Co. (CELG) Shares Bought by Crestwood Advisors Group LLC First Manhattan Co. Acquires 16,883 Shares of UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Shares Sold by Nationwide Fund Advisors ProShare Advisors LLC Buys 1,134 Shares of Popular Inc (BPOP) Profund Advisors LLC Sells 172 Shares of Wageworks Inc (WAGE) Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Barclays PLC (BCS) May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC continued to hold its stake in Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 10,736 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Barclays PLC were worth $121,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BCS. Raymond James Trust N.A. raised its stake in Barclays PLC by 2.6% in the first quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 20,202 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $227,000 after buying an additional 511 shares during the last quarter. ARGA Investment Management LP raised its stake in Barclays PLC by 0.6% in the third quarter. ARGA Investment Management LP now owns 145,198 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,262,000 after buying an additional 887 shares during the last quarter. Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC raised its stake in Barclays PLC by 19.8% in the first quarter. Cornerstone Investment Partners LLC now owns 12,833 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $144,000 after buying an additional 2,120 shares during the last quarter. American Trust Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Barclays PLC by 25.7% in the fourth quarter. American Trust Investment Advisors LLC now owns 18,460 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $203,000 after buying an additional 3,770 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Profund Advisors LLC raised its stake in Barclays PLC by 9.0% in the third quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 79,002 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $687,000 after buying an additional 6,534 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 2.57% of the company’s stock. Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS) opened at 11.14 on Friday. Barclays PLC has a 12-month low of $6.76 and a 12-month high of $12.05. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $10.84 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.01. The stock has a market capitalization of $70.48 billion, a PE ratio of 25.79 and a beta of 1.18. Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The financial services provider reported $0.02 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02. Barclays PLC had a positive return on equity of 3.60% and a negative net margin of 4.94%. The firm had revenue of $6.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.83 billion. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Barclays PLC will post $0.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in Barclays PLC (BCS)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/glen-harbor-capital-management-llc-maintains-position-in-barclays-plc-bcs.html. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Barclays PLC from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods cut Barclays PLC from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “sell” rating on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Saturday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Berenberg Bank restated a “sell” rating on shares of Barclays PLC in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $31.07. About Barclays PLC Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BCS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Barclays PLC (NYSE:BCS). Receive News & Ratings for Barclays PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barclays PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for Smith & Nephew plc (SN) AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Issues Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS ProShare Advisors LLC Acquires 59,127 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Given a €8.50 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Stake Boosted by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Position Held by Financial Architects Inc Hennessy Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Univar Inc (UNVR) Vodafone Group plc (VOD) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Whittier Trust Co. Purchases 42 Shares of Cincinnati Financial Co. (CINF) Hennessy Advisors Inc. Takes Position in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Shares Bought by Hennessy Advisors Inc. Tocagen Inc (TOCA) SVP Purchases $25,000.00 in Stock Analysts Set Gramercy Property Trust (GPT) Price Target at $31.50 Brokerages Set Guess?, Inc. (GES) Price Target at $13.09 Hennessy Advisors Inc. Purchases Shares of 440,800 Cosan Ltd (CZZ) Marcus & Millichap Inc (MMI) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Fidessa Group plc (FDSA) Receives GBX 2,202.40 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Expect Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Will Post Earnings of $0.62 Per Share ProShare Advisors LLC Acquires 59,127 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) May 21st, 2017 - By Renee Jackson - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance ProShare Advisors LLC boosted its stake in AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 6.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 913,375 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 59,127 shares during the period. AFLAC comprises 0.7% of ProShare Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 28th largest position. ProShare Advisors LLC owned approximately 0.23% of AFLAC worth $66,147,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in AFL. Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its position in AFLAC by 0.3% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 2,391 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 7 shares during the period. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in AFLAC by 0.4% in the third quarter. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,041 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $219,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. Bollard Group LLC raised its position in AFLAC by 0.6% in the first quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 2,325 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $168,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the period. ETRADE Capital Management LLC raised its position in AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. ETRADE Capital Management LLC now owns 3,840 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $276,000 after buying an additional 18 shares during the period. Finally, FTB Advisors Inc. raised its position in AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 4,841 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $345,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. 62.45% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Get AFLAC Incorporated alerts: AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) opened at 73.87 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $29.32 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.02 and a beta of 1.01. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $73.84 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.45. AFLAC Incorporated has a one year low of $66.50 and a one year high of $76.88. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.67 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.62 by $0.05. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The firm had revenue of $5.31 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.40 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.74 EPS. AFLAC’s revenue was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.52 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 24th will be given a $0.43 dividend. This represents a $1.72 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.33%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 22nd. AFLAC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 26.75%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “ProShare Advisors LLC Acquires 59,127 Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (AFL)” was reported by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/21/aflac-incorporated-afl-shares-bought-by-proshare-advisors-llc-updated-updated.html. Several research firms have commented on AFL. Vetr raised AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.50 price target on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $82.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Bank of America Corp raised AFLAC from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $75.00 to $78.00 in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG boosted their target price on AFLAC from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. AFLAC currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $73.77. In related news, Director Douglas Wayne Johnson sold 1,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.04, for a total value of $102,256.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 19,287 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,408,722.48. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Hiroshi Yamauchi sold 19,850 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.00, for a total transaction of $1,409,350.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 93,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,645,174. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 41,937 shares of company stock valued at $3,002,594 in the last 90 days. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Stock Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNOOC Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Position Lowered by Union Bankshares Corp CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can First National Bank of Mount Dora Trust Investment Services Has $1.352 Million Position in Chevron Co. (CVX) Pier 1 Imports Inc (PIR) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can First PREMIER Bank Acquires 570 Shares of Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 2,410 Shares of Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) Gerdau SA (GGB) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Sowell Financial Services LLC Invests $10.449 Million in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Invests $1.459 Million in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Norges Bank Invests $4.334099 Billion in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 47,550 Shares of FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Teachers Advisors LLC Boosts Position in TriCo Bancshares (TCBK) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 20,600 Shares of Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 20,252 Shares of Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Albany International Corp. (AIN) Position Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Cuts Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Shares Sold by Bank of Montreal Can May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bank of Montreal Can decreased its stake in shares of CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) by 3.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 10,638 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after selling 378 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can’s holdings in CNOOC were worth $1,275,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Harding Loevner LP increased its stake in CNOOC by 2.9% in the first quarter. Harding Loevner LP now owns 2,164,022 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $259,250,000 after buying an additional 60,050 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in CNOOC by 47.7% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 38,100 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $4,723,000 after buying an additional 12,300 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its stake in CNOOC by 2.9% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,609 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $202,000 after buying an additional 46 shares in the last quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in CNOOC by 5.1% in the fourth quarter. First Republic Investment Management Inc. now owns 3,842 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $476,000 after buying an additional 186 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in CNOOC by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 178,800 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $22,164,000 after buying an additional 2,200 shares in the last quarter. 4.70% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO) opened at 118.37 on Friday. The firm has a market cap of $52.85 billion, a PE ratio of 1183.70 and a beta of 0.98. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $117.48 and its 200 day moving average price is $122.75. CNOOC Ltd has a 52-week low of $112.32 and a 52-week high of $138.36. The firm also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a dividend of $2.961 per share. This represents a dividend yield of 4.95%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 6th. This is a boost from CNOOC’s previous semiannual dividend of $1.55. WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/cnooc-ltd-ceo-shares-sold-by-bank-of-montreal-can.html. Several research firms have commented on CEO. Zacks Investment Research raised CNOOC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. HSBC Holdings plc raised CNOOC from a “reduce” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised CNOOC from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Macquarie raised CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised CNOOC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. CNOOC has a consensus rating of “Buy”. CNOOC Company Profile CNOOC Limited is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the exploration, production and trading of oil and gas. Its businesses include conventional oil and gas businesses, shale oil and gas businesses, oil sands businesses and other unconventional oil and gas businesses. The Company mainly operates through three segments. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CEO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CNOOC Ltd (NYSE:CEO). Receive News & Ratings for CNOOC Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNOOC Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Microsoft Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microsoft Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sowell Financial Services LLC Invests $10.449 Million in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Invests $1.459 Million in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Norges Bank Invests $4.334099 Billion in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 47,550 Shares of FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated (FCH) Teachers Advisors LLC Boosts Position in TriCo Bancshares (TCBK) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 20,600 Shares of Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 20,252 Shares of Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Albany International Corp. (AIN) Position Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Cuts Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $443,000 Position in Penumbra Inc (PEN) CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Has $2.766 Million Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Acropolis Investment Management LLC Has $324,000 Position in General Electric Company (GE) Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Anchor Bancorp (ANCB) Short Interest Down 46.5% in April FY2018 EPS Estimates for CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Decreased by Jefferies Group PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Forecasted to Post FY2018 Earnings of $9.06 Per Share Jefferies Group Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for American Eagle Outfitters Reduced by Analyst (AEO) Norges Bank Invests $4.334099 Billion in Microsoft Co. (MSFT) May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Microsoft Co. (NASDAQ:MSFT) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm purchased 69,747,335 shares of the software giant’s stock, valued at approximately $4,334,099,000. Microsoft comprises about 1.9% of Norges Bank’s portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Horizon Kinetics LLC boosted its stake in shares of Microsoft by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Horizon Kinetics LLC now owns 18,380 shares of the software giant’s stock valued at $1,142,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Hilltop Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Microsoft by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Hilltop Holdings Inc. now owns 26,722 shares of the software giant’s stock valued at $1,661,000 after buying an additional 74 shares during the period. First Heartland Consultants Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Microsoft by 0.3% in the third quarter. First Heartland Consultants Inc. now owns 23,663 shares of the software giant’s stock valued at $1,363,000 after buying an additional 79 shares during the period. Gould Asset Management LLC CA boosted its stake in shares of Microsoft by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Gould Asset Management LLC CA now owns 12,971 shares of the software giant’s stock valued at $806,000 after buying an additional 119 shares during the period. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Microsoft by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 8,190 shares of the software giant’s stock valued at $509,000 after buying an additional 137 shares during the period. 72.29% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Microsoft Co. (NASDAQ:MSFT) opened at 67.69 on Friday. Microsoft Co. has a one year low of $48.04 and a one year high of $69.71. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $67.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $63.94. The firm has a market capitalization of $522.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 29.87 and a beta of 1.08. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The software giant reported $0.73 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.69 by $0.04. Microsoft had a return on equity of 32.12% and a net margin of 19.57%. The business had revenue of $23.56 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.62 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.62 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Microsoft Co. will post $3.03 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 8th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a $0.39 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 16th. This represents a $1.56 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.30%. Microsoft’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 73.59%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/norges-bank-invests-4-334099-billion-in-microsoft-co-msft.html. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on MSFT shares. Vetr cut shares of Microsoft from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $65.19 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Tigress Financial raised shares of Microsoft from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. BGC Financial lifted their target price on shares of Microsoft to $65.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Macquarie set a $61.00 target price on shares of Microsoft and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $59.00 target price on shares of Microsoft and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating, twenty-five have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Microsoft presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $69.44. In other news, insider G Mason Morfit sold 7,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.85, for a total value of $481,950,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Christopher C. Capossela sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.11, for a total value of $207,330.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 216,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $14,962,798.77. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 16,645,694 shares of company stock valued at $1,127,019,616 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 2.99% of the company’s stock. Microsoft Company Profile Microsoft Corporation is a technology company. The Company develops, licenses, and supports a range of software products, services and devices. The Company’s segments include Productivity and Business Processes, Intelligent Cloud and More Personal Computing. The Company’s products include operating systems; cross-device productivity applications; server applications; business solution applications; desktop and server management tools; software development tools; video games, and training and certification of computer system integrators and developers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MSFT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Microsoft Co. (NASDAQ:MSFT). Receive News & Ratings for Microsoft Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Microsoft Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Exxon Mobil Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Boosts Position in TriCo Bancshares (TCBK) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 20,600 Shares of Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 20,252 Shares of Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Albany International Corp. (AIN) Position Reduced by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Cuts Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $443,000 Position in Penumbra Inc (PEN) CHURCHILL MANAGEMENT Corp Has $2.766 Million Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Acropolis Investment Management LLC Has $324,000 Position in General Electric Company (GE) Genocea Biosciences Inc (GNCA) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Anchor Bancorp (ANCB) Short Interest Down 46.5% in April FY2018 EPS Estimates for CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Decreased by Jefferies Group PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) Forecasted to Post FY2018 Earnings of $9.06 Per Share Jefferies Group Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for American Eagle Outfitters Reduced by Analyst (AEO) Trevena Inc (TRVN) Short Interest Down 0.7% in April Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Short Interest Up 12.6% in April SunTrust Banks Comments on RPC, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (RES) Newfield Exploration Co. Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $1.99 Per Share (NFX) Research Analysts Set Expectations for TECSYS Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (TCS) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Stake Reduced by Foundry Partners LLC May 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Foundry Partners LLC cut its stake in shares of Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) by 2.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 185,335 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after selling 5,575 shares during the period. Exxon Mobil makes up approximately 0.6% of Foundry Partners LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 29th largest position. Foundry Partners LLC’s holdings in Exxon Mobil were worth $15,199,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $101,000. Psagot Investment House Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $119,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $172,000. Mosaic Financial Partners Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $202,000. Finally, Paragon Wealth Strategies LLC acquired a new position in shares of Exxon Mobil during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $235,000. 51.09% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM) opened at 81.93 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $82.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $84.44. The stock has a market cap of $347.16 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.18 and a beta of 0.91. Exxon Mobil Co. has a 12-month low of $80.30 and a 12-month high of $95.55. Exxon Mobil (NYSE:XOM) last announced its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The oil and gas company reported $0.95 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.85 by $0.10. Exxon Mobil had a return on equity of 5.56% and a net margin of 3.47%. The business had revenue of $63.29 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $64.88 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.43 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 29.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Exxon Mobil Co. will post $4.00 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $0.77 per share. This represents a $3.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.76%. This is a positive change from Exxon Mobil’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.75. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. Exxon Mobil’s payout ratio is presently 159.58%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/21/exxon-mobil-co-xom-stake-reduced-by-foundry-partners-llc.html. Several research firms recently issued reports on XOM. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $75.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Royal Bank of Canada set a $95.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $94.00 price objective on shares of Exxon Mobil in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $89.00 price objective on Exxon Mobil and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Barclays PLC cut their price objective on Exxon Mobil from $97.00 to $94.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fourteen have issued a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $89.28. Exxon Mobil Company Profile Exxon Mobil Corporation is engaged in energy business. The Company is engaged in the exploration, production, transportation and sale of crude oil and natural gas, and the manufacture, transportation and sale of petroleum products. The Company also manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, including olefins, aromatics, polyethylene and polypropylene plastics, and a range of specialty products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XOM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Exxon Mobil Co. (NYSE:XOM). Receive News & Ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Exxon Mobil Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR (CIG) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for CONSOL Energy Inc. Reduced by Analyst (CNX) Needham & Company LLC Boosts Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Price Target to $54.00 Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) Decreased by Jefferies Group Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc Lifted by Analyst (MDRX) Investors Sell Shares of Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) on Strength Following Insider Selling Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Europa Oil & Gas (Holdings) Plc (EOG) Given Corporate Rating at FinnCap Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $345 Million Continental AG (CON) Given a €205.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Continental AG (CON) PT Set at €221.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €41.90 Price Target at Warburg Research SMA Solar Technology AG (S92) Given a €20.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH Aratana Therapeutics Inc (PETX) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $4.6 Million Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €53.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Axel Springer SE (SPR) PT Set at €64.50 by Bank of America Corp Fraport AG Frankfurt Arprt Svcs Wrldwde (FRA) Given a €55.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €62.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC BNP Paribas Reiterates €189.00 Price Target for Continental AG (CON) Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR (CIG) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR (NYSE:CIG) saw a large growth in short interest during the month of April. As of April 28th, there was short interest totalling 4,899,585 shares, a growth of 73.9% from the April 13th total of 2,817,637 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 5,110,220 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is currently 1.0 days. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in CIG. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR by 0.6% in the first quarter. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. now owns 9,417,870 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $30,985,000 after buying an additional 52,809 shares in the last quarter. Credit Suisse AG increased its stake in shares of Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR by 32.9% in the first quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 498,763 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $1,641,000 after buying an additional 123,352 shares in the last quarter. Jane Street Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR by 278.5% in the first quarter. Jane Street Group LLC now owns 1,002,744 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $3,299,000 after buying an additional 737,834 shares in the last quarter. Bank of America Corp DE increased its stake in shares of Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR by 105.2% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 10,859,115 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $35,726,000 after buying an additional 5,568,037 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Newfoundland Capital Management bought a new stake in shares of Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR during the first quarter worth $1,973,000. 3.05% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR (NYSE:CIG) opened at 2.23 on Friday. Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR has a one year low of $1.40 and a one year high of $3.84. The company has a market capitalization of $2.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.14 and a beta of 1.83. The company’s 50 day moving average is $2.87 and its 200 day moving average is $2.79. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/cia-energetica-de-minas-gerais-cemig-adr-cig-sees-significant-increase-in-short-interest.html. Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR Company Profile Companhia Energetica de Minas Gerais-CEMIG is a holding company that is engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity. The Company’s segments include Generation, Transmission, Distribution, Telecom, Gas and Other. The Company, through its interests in subsidiaries or jointly controlled entities, is engaged in the activities of the construction and operation of systems for sale of electricity, as well as various fields of energy and telecommunications, for the purpose of commercial operation. Receive News & Ratings for Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cia Energetica de Minas Gerais CEMIG-ADR and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MTS Systems Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Illinois Tool Works (ITW) Stock Price La-Z-Boy (LZB) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.35 MTS Systems (MTSC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €32.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Hapag-Lloyd AG (HLAG) Given a €22.30 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Macquarie Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (SFQ) Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €18.50 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Schaeffler AG (SHA) PT Set at €13.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. $0.43 EPS Expected for Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) This Quarter Sixt Leasing SE (LNSX) PT Set at €23.50 by Warburg Research Scout24 AG (G24) Given a €37.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Telefonica S.A. (TEF) a €9.90 Price Target HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Telefonica S.A. (TEF) a €9.30 Price Target Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Fresenius SE & Co KGaA (FRE) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €153.00 Price Target by Societe Generale Analysts LHC Group (LHCG) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Robert Half International (RHI) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.08 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Resources Connection (RECN) Stock Price Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Grifols SA, Barcelona (GRFS) Stock Price Deutsche Post AG (DPW) Given a €29.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts MTS Systems (MTSC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 May 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) has been trending positive on Saturday, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. AlphaOne, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. MTS Systems earned a media sentiment score of 0.39 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media stories about the scientific and technical instruments company an impact score of 79 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) traded up 1.91% during trading on Friday, reaching $53.35. The company had a trading volume of 128,644 shares. MTS Systems has a 12 month low of $41.53 and a 12 month high of $59.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $49.21 and a 200 day moving average price of $53.58. The firm has a market capitalization of $893.13 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 44.91 and a beta of 1.54. MTS Systems (NASDAQ:MTSC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.67 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.19. MTS Systems had a net margin of 5.37% and a return on equity of 12.45%. The business had revenue of $193.42 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $185.54 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.27 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that MTS Systems will post $2.22 earnings per share for the current year. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on MTSC shares. TheStreet downgraded MTS Systems from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded MTS Systems from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 15th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded MTS Systems from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $61.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $55.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MTS Systems (MTSC) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/20/mts-systems-mtsc-given-daily-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-39.html. In other news, insider David Hore acquired 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $51.55 per share, for a total transaction of $257,750.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at $257,750. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. 1.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About MTS Systems MTS Systems Corporation is a supplier of test systems and position sensors. The Company operates through two segments: Test and Sensors. The Test segment provides testing solutions, including hardware, software and services to ground vehicles, materials and structures markets. The Sensors segment provides position sensors for a range of industrial and mobile hydraulic applications. Receive News & Ratings for MTS Systems Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MTS Systems Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in real-estate Financial District becoming a mecca for movie theaters New York landlords slashing rents to attract retailers Yacht club claims adjacent hotel is ruining its fireplaces Lower East Side’s Landmark Sunshine Cinema to close Cyndi Lauper just wanted to have fun here Alec Baldwin sells Art Deco NYC apartment for $1.25M David Mann talks Hamptons style and designing dog runs Jaime Lannister has a Tribeca photo shoot Noah Syndergaard rents deluxe MiMA pad as he rehabs injury Spice up your home with these boundary-pushing wallpaper designs The best of NYC’s spring design shows These 14 real estate deals are nominated for REBNY awards Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Real Estate exclusive Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Financial District becoming a mecca for movie theaters By Steve Cuozzo View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 21, 2017 | 9:21pm Modal Trigger The Alamo Drafthouse in Brooklyn Stephen Yang More On: financial district New York City has never been better than it is today Woman leaves wallet with $7K on subway bench Cops believe these two men were involved in downtown shooting Innocent woman caught in crossfire as gunfire erupts downtown Lights, camera! The once cinema-deprived Financial District is poised to become Manhattan’s movie-theater mecca. Alamo Drafthouse Cinema is about to sign a lease to open a 10-screen, 40,000 square-foot luxury film complex next year at 28 Liberty St., the landmark skyscraper that was formerly known as Chase Manhattan Plaza, The Post has learned. The move follows the launch of iPic Theaters — where, like at Alamo Drafthouse, patrons can at booze it up and order a gourmet burger while taking in a flick —at the South Street Seaport last fall. It also accelerates the phenomenal transformation of once buttoned-down FiDi. A brainstorm of the late, legendary banker David Rockefeller, 28 Liberty was always one of downtown’s least public-friendly skyscrapers. The 2.2 million square-foot tower once had few public amenities except its 2.5-acre elevated plaza and a bank branch. Now, it’s jumped on board the transformation of a 9-to-5 office district into a 24/7, family-friendly playground packed with stores, restaurants and entertainment venues. Boasting a lower office-vacancy rate than Midtown, the area now has a new Eataly, a transplanted Nobu and hundreds of stores at the World Trade Center and Brookfield Place. Danny Meyer will soon open a restaurant and event space on 28 Liberty Street’s 60th floor with eye-popping views. But the coming of the film palace to the 1961-vintage landmark tower’s below-ground level is equally momentous. Alamo Drafthouse will open in 2018 on the tower’s third below-ground level, sources said. Dramatic exterior and interior signage will guide moviegoers through a confusing maze of entrances and walkways to ten-plus cinema screens and up to 600 seats under 20-foot-high ceilings. Founded in 1997, Alamo Drafthouse has 26 locations around the US including in downtown Brooklyn. Promising “the best film, food and drink all in one seat,” it proudly boasts of having “zero tolerance for talking or cell phone use of any kind during movies” — and boots patrons who disturb others. Alamo Drafthouse will have 40,000 square feet of 28 Liberty’s total 200,000 square feet of retail space, which landlord Fosun Property Holdings, under the Landmarks Commission’s close eye, is creating at the street and plaza levels and below grade. Lease terms were unknown. Retail asking rents at 28 Liberty St. have been reported in the $100 a square-foot range for underground areas. Newmark Grubb Ellis Knight Frank’s Jeffrey Roseman and Ross Kaplan, the landlord’s reps for the deal, could not be reached. Fosun Property Holdings, a division of Shanghai-based Fosun Group, bought the tower from JP Morgan Chase for $750 million in 2013. Fosun Property Holdings managing director Erik Horvat is leading a $150 million upgrading and repositioning program. The state attorney general’s office recently signed an office lease for 350,000 square feet and Chase still uses several floors — leaving only about 425,000 square feet of offices available. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under Commercial Real Estate ,  danny meyer ,  eataly ,  financial district ,  movie theaters ,  nobu ,  Real Estate Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next New York landlords slashing rents to attract retailers Read Next New York landlords slashing rents to attract retailers Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 21,285 The sad new life of exiled Ruth Madoff 20,640 Scarlett Johansson hooks up with 'SNL' Weekend Update host Colin Jost 18,159 Sea lion grabs girl off pier and drags her into the water 16,950 Exhaustion is to blame for Trump's 'Islamic terror' comment: aide Real Estate News Farewell, Lambeau! Raiders GM Reggie McKenzie Selling His Green Bay Home Trent Reznor Ready to Rock Out of His Stylish Beverly Hills Home Biographer Walter Isaacson Books a Buyer for $5M DC Home No Joke: Comedian Ron White Still Looking for a Buyer in Georgia It’s a Knockout! Sergey Kovalev’s Sherman Oaks Home Is Listed for $2.15M More from Realtor.com Now On Billy Bush breaks his silence on that ‘Access Hollywood’ tape Scarlett Johansson hooks up with ‘SNL’ Weekend Update host Colin Jost Megyn Kelly’s prime-time debut set for June 4 SEE ALL More Stories page six Scarlett Johansson hooks up with 'SNL' Weekend Update host Colin Jost Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost The sad new life of exiled Ruth Madoff New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Skip to main content Mon, May 22, 2017 Real Estate » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Real Estate Ghost of '97 stalks Hong Kong economy infected by housing debt Monday, May 22, 2017 - 06:46 In 1997, the Asian financial crisis touched off a six-year property bust in Hong Kong that shaved more than two-thirds off prices and saddled the city with a stagnant economy and deflation. PHOTO: BLOOMBERG [HONG KONG] In 1997, the Asian financial crisis touched off a six-year property bust in Hong Kong that shaved more than two-thirds off prices and saddled the city with a stagnant economy and deflation. As Hong Kong gets ready to celebrate the 20th anniversary of its handover to China, which happened just as Asia's crisis began to unfold, that pain seems all but forgotten. Prices are at all-time highs. Mortgage borrowing is booming. Developers are bidding up the cost of land to records. People young and old are lining up to buy newly built apartments. In short, the kind of fervour that preceded the last bust is back. That's got experts fretting about the potential fallout should the city of about 7.4 million people experience another crash. By several measures, Hong Kong looks more vulnerable this time around. On Friday, the de facto central bank announced new measures to contain risks - its second action in a week. "When things move to the downside here, they move big time," said Peter Churchouse, author of a financial newsletter bearing his name and a veteran analyst of Hong Kong's property sector. sentifi.com Market voices on: "A lot of people here view the property market as almost an extension of the stock market and treat it as such." SEE ALSO: Hong Kong sells car park to developer for record HK$23.3b As central banks flooded the world economy with cheap money over the past decade, property markets in cities from Sydney to Stockholm skyrocketed. Perhaps nowhere was this more pronounced than in Hong Kong, where demand from mainland buyers contributed to the boom. Hong Kong is particularly exposed because of a huge accumulation of household wealth in property and the fact that banking is one of the main pillars of the local economy, said Xia Le, chief economist at Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA in Hong Kong. A property crash could drag down banks and lead to a "full-fledged financial crisis," Mr Xia said. Between 2003 and 2015, inflation-adjusted prices for apartments multiplied almost four times, according to a study by Peter Richmond and Bertrand M Roehner, published last month in the Evolutionary and Institutional Economics Review. Prices have kept rising, climbing 15 per cent since the beginning of 2016. And because wages have been relatively stagnant, it now takes a household 18 years of median income to buy a home, more than anywhere else in the world, data from Demographia shows. That compares with just over 12 years in Sydney, eight-and-a-half years in London and under six years for the wider New York metropolitan area. Hong Kong bears have been proven wrong time again in recent years as the city shook off crises, epidemics, an aging population and China's slowdown. Thanks to its status as a gateway to the world's second-biggest economy with Western-style legal protections, it has attracted a steady stream of mainland buyers. How and when the boom ends is anyone's guess, but the stakes are increasing for a government that's repeatedly failed to tame home prices. Obvious risks include a sharp financial or economic crisis in China that ripples through Hong Kong's increasingly mainland-linked economy. One measure in particular gives market watchers pause. The value of outstanding mortgages jumped by more than a third in the five years through December and now amounts to 47 per cent of gross domestic product, more than 10 percentage points higher than in early 1997. Aggressive Developers As developers take on debt to fund expensive land purchases and increasingly compete with banks in providing mortgages, the risks are spreading through the economy, sparking concern at the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. On May 12, the HKMA tightened rules governing bank lending for developments after expressing worry about banks' exposure to the real estate sector. That announcement came just as developers waged a bidding war for a commercial plot of land in the Central business district, pushing the price to a record US$3 billion. A week later, the HKMA followed up with curbs on second-home mortgages as well as borrowers whose income is derived mainly from overseas. Mortgages are increasingly concentrated among buyers aged 25 to 40, according to Raymond Yeung, chief economist of Greater China at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. That means young professionals who are building families are extra sensitive to interest rates, threatening to exacerbate the wealth gap in one of the world's most unequal societies. An increase in mortgage rates could quickly sap consumers' spending power. "There's concentration risk among the first-time home buyers who are in general younger than the rest," said Ryan Lam, head of research at Shanghai Commercial Bank Ltd. "Once the interest rates move, they will suffer." Because Hong Kong's currency is pegged to the US dollar, the economic fate of those households - and that of the wider property market - will be determined 8,000 miles away at the Federal Reserve in Washington. Chair Janet Yellen has already begun tightening and is expected to raise rates again at least once this year, possibly as early as June. Hong Kong's de facto central bank will have no choice but to follow. Turning to Parents Many looking to enter the property ladder are taking additional mortgages from developers, who unlike banks aren't bound by loan-to-value rules. They're also turning to their parents for help. Terry Wong, 32, tapped his mom and dad's savings to help finance a 20 per cent down payment for a HK$5 million (S$891,000) apartment in March after he got married. Mr Wong, whose new home in the bustling Kowloon district measures just 390 square feet, financed the rest from a bank and the Hong Kong Mortgage Corp Ltd. "Hey, I needed a place to live," Mr Wong said. "With my parents' money, I could be more financially flexible in the future." At Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd's Eight Regency project in Hong Kong's New Territories, apartments quickly sold out in the first batch on offer in April. About 40 per cent of Midland Realty's clients who bought flats at the development were under 30, and almost a third of them relied on funds from their parents to make down payments, said Sammy Po, the property agent's residential chief executive. Bears Converge The government's failure to cool the market means the city's economic health is getting more intertwined with real estate. Soaring prices means more wealth is tied up in property, and citizens are less inclined to amass other types of savings, said Mr Lam of Shanghai Commercial Bank. If things turn sour, prices could drop 10 per cent to 20 per cent "in a short period of time," according to Mr Lam. He's not alone: Morgan Stanley predicts home values will enter a multi-year decline, starting with 5 per cent this year. JPMorgan Chase & Co's Cusson Leung has said prices are economically "unsustainable" and warned that households are exposed should the market turn. And if things really head south, a crash would hammer government revenues, household wealth and consumer confidence and could trigger deflation as the economy heads into a downward spiral, said BBVA's Mr Xia. The bearish view has precedent. Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 with an economy growing by 7.5 per cent a year, unemployment of 2.4 per cent and healthy inflation. By 2002, deflation had gripped the city, unemployment had tripled and growth plunged. As Michael Every, head of financial markets research for Asia-Pacific at Rabobank International in Hong Kong says, "Hong Kong's economy is the housing market, sadly." BLOOMBERG Hong Kong property Hong Kong housing Hong Kong housing debt Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Real Estate London house prices recover as sellers shrug off election 11:23 AM How tales of 'flippers' led to a housing bubble and economic flop 5:50 AM How tales of 'flippers' led to a housing bubble and economic flop 5:50 AM High-renters in NYC - they've money to buy, but they ask 'why?' 5:50 AM Once-drab Indonesian slum rejuvenated into "Rainbow Village" 10:49 PM Koh Brothers forays into S Korea with maiden property buy 5:50 AM Breaking News 2:23 pm Tokyo: Stocks close up as oil prices lift energy sector 2:11 pm Philippine minister starts damage control after Duterte's China war remark 1:52 pm New 'Twin Peaks' wins praise, piques curiosity 1:51 pm India's US$1.3t housing bonanza draws Piramal mortgage bet 1:39 pm Ford CEO Fields to leave as Hackett takes over 1:38 pm Three years after coup, rural Thais yearn for democracy 1:06 pm China slaps import duties on sugar 12:49 pm Move over Tesla, Europe's building its own battery gigafactories 12:35 pm Three climbers die on Everest, one missing 12:32 pm Philippines' Duterte heads to Russia in blow to US Most Read 1 Fire at Terminal 2 under control: Changi Airport 2 GIC faces possible US$4b loss on UBS bet 3 China group beats forecasts with record S$1b bid for GLS site 4 Shipping firm CMA CGM upbeat as profits rise again 5 GIC explains why it remains under-invested in real estate Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Billy H.C. Kwok/Bloomberg Ghost of the 1997 Crisis Stalks Hong Kong's Economy by Alfred Liu @alfredliuhk More stories by Alfred Liu , Moxy Ying More stories by Moxy Ying , and Enda Curran @endacurran More stories by Enda Curran May 21, 2017, 5:00 PM EDT May 22, 2017, 12:49 AM EDT Mortgage indebtedness soars as home prices surpass records Experts warn of wide-ranging fallout if property boom reverses In 1997, the Asian financial crisis touched off a six-year property bust in Hong Kong that shaved more than two-thirds off prices and saddled the city with a stagnant economy and deflation. As Hong Kong gets ready to celebrate the 20th anniversary of its handover to China, which happened just as Asia’s crisis began to unfold, that pain seems all but forgotten. Prices are at all-time highs. Mortgage borrowing is booming. Developers are bidding up the cost of land to records. People young and old are lining up to buy newly built apartments. In short, the kind of fervor that preceded the last bust is back. That’s got experts fretting about the potential fallout should the city of about 7.4 million people experience another crash. By several measures, Hong Kong looks more vulnerable this time around. On Friday, the de facto central bank announced new measures to contain risks -- its second action in a week. "When things move to the downside here, they move big time," said Peter Churchouse, author of a financial newsletter bearing his name and a veteran analyst of Hong Kong’s property sector. "A lot of people here view the property market as almost an extension of the stock market and treat it as such." As central banks flooded the world economy with cheap money over the past decade, property markets in cities from Sydney to Stockholm skyrocketed. Perhaps nowhere was this more pronounced than in Hong Kong, where demand from mainland buyers contributed to the boom. Hong Kong is particularly exposed because of a huge accumulation of household wealth in property and the fact that banking is one of the main pillars of the local economy, said Xia Le, chief economist at Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA in Hong Kong. A property crash could drag down banks and lead to a “full-fledged financial crisis,” Xia said. Between 2003 and 2015, inflation-adjusted prices for apartments multiplied almost four times, according to a study by Peter Richmond and Bertrand M. Roehner, published last month in the Evolutionary and Institutional Economics Review. Prices have kept rising, climbing 15 percent since the beginning of 2016. And because wages have been relatively stagnant, it now takes a household 18 years of median income to buy a home, more than anywhere else in the world, data from Demographia shows. That compares with just over 12 years in Sydney, eight-and-a-half years in London and under six years for the wider New York metropolitan area. Hong Kong bears have been proven wrong time and again in recent years as the city shook off crises, epidemics, an aging population and China’s slowdown. Thanks to its status as a gateway to the world’s second-biggest economy with Western-style legal protections, it has attracted a steady stream of mainland buyers. How and when the boom ends is anyone’s guess, but the stakes are increasing for a government that’s repeatedly failed to tame home prices. Obvious risks include a sharp financial or economic crisis in China that ripples through Hong Kong’s increasingly mainland-linked economy. One measure in particular gives market watchers pause. The value of outstanding mortgages jumped by more than a third in the five years through December and now amounts to 47 percent of gross domestic product, more than 10 percentage points higher than in early 1997. Aggressive Developers As developers take on debt to fund expensive land purchases and increasingly compete with banks in providing mortgages, the risks are spreading through the economy, sparking concern at the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. On May 12, the HKMA tightened rules governing bank lending for developments after expressing worry about banks’ exposure to the real estate sector. That announcement came just as developers waged a bidding war for a commercial plot of land in the Central business district, pushing the price to a record $3 billion. A week later, the HKMA followed up with curbs on second-home mortgages as well as borrowers whose income is derived mainly from overseas. “For most people, buying a property is not only one of the most important decisions in life, it is also a financial transaction entailing significant leverage through borrowing,” the HKMA’s Chief Executive Norman Chan said at a briefing Friday. “Prospective buyers must be mindful of their ability to cope with the potential risk that may arise from possible changes in the property cycle as well as mortgage interest rates.” Analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Citigroup Inc. were among those seeing the new rules adding pressures on local developers. Goldman Sachs analysts said they expect to see a policy-tightening bias as Hong Kong seeks to prioritize local first-time buyers, while those from Citigroup said they expect the measures to mark the peak of the housing market. ‘Concentration Risk’ Mortgages are increasingly concentrated among buyers aged 25 to 40, according to Raymond Yeung, chief economist of Greater China at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group Ltd. That means young professionals who are building families are extra sensitive to interest rates, threatening to exacerbate the wealth gap in one of the world’s most unequal societies. An increase in mortgage rates could quickly sap consumers’ spending power. “There’s concentration risk among the first-time home buyers who are in general younger than the rest,” said Ryan Lam, head of research at Shanghai Commercial Bank Ltd. “Once the interest rates move, they will suffer.” Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Because Hong Kong’s currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar, the economic fate of those households -- and that of the wider property market -- will be determined 8,000 miles away at the Federal Reserve in Washington. Chair Janet Yellen has already begun tightening and is expected to raise rates again at least once this year, possibly as early as June. Hong Kong’s de facto central bank will have no choice but to follow. Turning to Parents Many looking to enter the property ladder are taking additional mortgages from developers, who unlike banks aren’t bound by loan-to-value rules. They’re also turning to their parents for help. Terry Wong, 32, tapped his mom and dad’s savings to help finance a 20 percent down payment for a HK$5 million ($643,000) apartment in March after he got married. Wong, whose new home in the bustling Kowloon district measures just 390 square feet, financed the rest from a bank and the Hong Kong Mortgage Corp. Ltd. “Hey, I needed a place to live,” Wong said. “With my parents’ money, I could be more financially flexible in the future.” At Sun Hung Kai Properties Ltd.’s Eight Regency project in Hong Kong’s New Territories, apartments quickly sold out in the first batch on offer in April. About 40 percent of Midland Realty’s clients who bought flats at the development were under 30, and almost a third of them relied on funds from their parents to make down payments, said Sammy Po, the property agent’s residential chief executive. Bears Converge The government’s failure to cool the market means the city’s economic health is getting more intertwined with real estate. Soaring prices means more wealth is tied up in property, and citizens are less inclined to amass other types of savings, said Lam of Shanghai Commercial Bank. If things turn sour, prices could drop 10 percent to 20 percent “in a short period of time,” according to Lam. He’s not alone: Morgan Stanley predicts home values will enter a multi-year decline, starting with 5 percent this year. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Cusson Leung has said prices are economically “ unsustainable” and warned that households are exposed should the market turn. And if things really head south, a crash would hammer government revenues, household wealth and consumer confidence and could trigger deflation as the economy heads into a downward spiral, said BBVA’s Xia. The bearish view has precedent. Britain handed Hong Kong back to China in 1997 with an economy growing by 7.5 percent a year, unemployment of 2.4 percent and healthy inflation. By 2002, deflation had gripped the city, unemployment had tripled and growth plunged. Watch This Next Hong Kong Tycoon Says Property Rebound Could Last Years As Michael Every, head of financial markets research for Asia-Pacific at Rabobank International in Hong Kong says, "Hong Kong’s economy is the housing market, sadly." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read EU Discusses Brexit Position as U.K. Threatens to Quit Talks Saudi Arabia Welcomes Trump With Billions of Dollars of Deals Ford CEO Mark Fields Said to Leave as Hackett Takes Over Job SoftBank's Son Chases Boyhood Dreams With $100 Billion Fund Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 28 mins S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) AllianceBernstein's Biggest Holder Saw Ex-CEO as Wrong Guy -- With Right Ideas Bradley Keoun TheStreet.com May 22, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share One thing has been made crystal clear to shareholders in the $500 billion U.S. mutual-fund manager AllianceBernstein : It's not their company. Earlier this month, the French insurer AXA , which owns 64% of the New York-based money manager, abruptly fired Peter Kraus, 64, AllianceBernstein's CEO of the past eight years, for no cause -- and gave him a $99 million separation payout. AXA also unilaterally replaced the independent AllianceBernstein board members who had been appointed to represent regular shareholders' interests. So as the half-century-old AllianceBernstein navigates an industry-wide shift by investors away from high-fee mutual funds built around human stock pickers to computer-driven index funds and exchange-traded funds that offer market returns in exchange for minimal fees, the shareholders will have little choice but to wait and see what AXA decides. What's strange is that both AXA executives and the new AllianceBernstein CEO, Seth Bernstein, have indicated they're inclined to keep Kraus's strategies. In fact, they've praised him for helping to stanch massive investor outflows from AllianceBernstein following the 2008 financial crisis, as well as for devising innovative fee arrangements designed to retain investors who were considering a shift to index-based funds following years of underperformance by active stock pickers. The main reason for Kraus's firing, according to analysts who follow the company, is that AXA executives simply didn't like him very much. Dean Ungar, an analyst at Moody's Investors Service, said he's been told by insiders that there was a "long-simmering personality issue" between Kraus and his French overseers. "They removed the CEO who was clashing with the majority owner, and they removed the board members who were supporting the former CEO," Ungar said in an interview. "That's because they could." As shareholders in such family-controlled firms as Sumner Redstone's Viacom have long known, sudden and surprise CEO transitions are a grim reality when a single large shareholder makes the big calls. But in the case of AllianceBernstein, the capricious nature of Kraus's firing and unanswered questions surrounding the new CEO's mandate are compelling reasons to avoid the stock, according to Surinder Thind, an analyst at brokerage firm Jefferies. It remains to be seen how AllianceBernstein's big clients -- those who are actually putting money into its mutual funds and paying fees -- will react to the departure of a man who had become known as a defiant defender of the firm's active stock pickers. "I would want to know what management was up to before I dove into the stock," says Thind, who rates the shares "hold." "Institutional clients don't like instability." The stock fell 8.7% the week Kraus was fired, the most in eight months. An AllianceBernstein spokesman declined to comment. It's easy to see why AXA takes such an interest in the money manager; The Paris-based insurer uses AllianceBernstein as a sort of piggybank to support its global ambitions in the healthcare industry. As of year-end 2016, AXA's money represented about 24% of AllianceBernstein's total assets under management, according to filings. Also, because of AllianceBernstein's corporate structure as a limited partnership, AXA gets paid for managing the partnership, and the French parent reaps dividends from AllianceBernstein's profits. What's more, AXA announced last week that it was planning to sell an unspecified minority stake in its U.S. operations, which include AllianceBernstein, through an initial public offering. On a conference call, AXA CEO Thomas Buberl, 43, said the French firm plans to spend 5 billion euros ($5.5 billion) through 2020 on acquisitions in the health- and commercial-insurance businesses, at least partly financed with the proceeds from the U.S. IPO. Kraus, a former Goldman Sachs executive who is more than two decades Buberl's senior, was hired amid the throes of the financial crisis in December 2008 following a four-month stint at Merrill Lynch (for which he got a $30 million guaranteed bonus). At the time, AllianceBernstein's business was hemorrhaging; assets under management tumbled by some 42% that year to $462 billion. Kraus managed to stabilize the firm, coaxing assets back up to $496 billion by the end of 2009. Then he set about tackling the nastier and more lingering challenge -- convincing big investors that active stock pickers could earn their keep competing against low-cost ETFs. Last year alone, $100 billion was redeemed from mutual funds industrywide, while investors poured $270 billion into ETFs, according to Morgan Stanley. And investors have become so disenchanted with stock-pickers' performance that mutual funds have had to cut their fees to retain business. Initially, Kraus beefed up AllianceBernstein's bond funds to reduce its dependence on stock-picking. Then, he encouraged stock-fund managers to keep fewer stocks in their portfolios -- to increase the chances of outperformance through high-conviction picks. He also imposed size constraints on some funds to ensure managers could easily get in and out of positions. "The results so far are modest, but encouraging," Ungar wrote in a report in September. "If AllianceBernstein executes the strategy effectively, it will likely increase its active-management market share and deliver results superior to those of its peers." In late 2016, AllianceBernstein filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to start six new funds with fees linked to performance, according to Thind. For example, a new profit-growth-oriented large-stock fund would charge investors just 0.05% if it underperforms its benchmark index; if it outperforms, the fund gets 1.05%. While a streak of bad performance would decimate AllianceBernstein's revenue from the new funds, they're likely to attract investors who like the idea that the firm has confidence in its managers' abilities, Thind says. "This trend from active to passive is only going to get worse, so you have to fundamentally change the game," Thind said in an interview. "Kraus thought you had to do something. Because if you just keep playing the game, you're going to lose." The new fee structure was so aggressive that it could have been endorsed only by AllianceBernstein's board. So investors were stunned when AXA board Chairman Denis Duverne, 63, who oversees Buberl, held a conference call on May 1 to announce the firing of Kraus and the other independent board members. Kraus was also blindsided by the move, according to a person who has spoken with him. "This wasn't a planned, nice, timed-out, telegraphed change," Thind said. "This was a coup done over the weekend." Kraus declined to comment. AllianceBernstein's stock returned an average 9.6% a year during his tenure, shy of the 15% average for the Standard & Poor's 500 Index's but ahead of rivals like Waddell & Reed and Janus Capital that have been similarly hard-hit by the shift away from active stock-picking. Meanwhile, BlackRock , the ETF powerhouse, has returned an average 16%, according to FactSet. Buberl told the Wall Street Journal that the board was dissatisfied with the internal AllianceBernstein candidates Kraus had proposed as potential successors, even though the CEO still had two years remaining on his contract to mentor an apprentice. Enter Seth Bernstein, 55, who had recently retired from his job as a senior executive within JPMorgan Chase's $1.8 trillion asset-management business. In the 1980s, 1990s and early 2000s, he was a close colleague of AXA board member Ramon de Oliveira at JPMorgan. Bernstein, when asked on the May 1 conference call how he might alter AllianceBernstein's strategy, suggested there could be little change. AllianceBernstein "has a very sound strategy and foundation," the new CEO said. "The goals that this management team and Peter have set are both ambitious and achievable. And so, we intend to build some of these foundations from here." During the remainder of the call, skeptical analysts asked several variations on the same question, only to receive similarly boilerplate answers. AllianceBernstein's investor clients are probably asking comparable questions, according to Thind. And until it's clear if and how AllianceBernstein can restore confidence in active stock-picking, he said, the firm's own stock is one that, well, investors probably shouldn't pick. Editors' pick: Originally published May 17. EXCLUSIVE OFFER: See inside Jim Cramer’s multi-million dollar charitable trust portfolio to see the stocks he thinks could be potentially HUGE winners. Click here to see his holdings for FREE. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Supplements are more dangerous than other processed foods, according to a Harvard doctor Business Insider What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money U.S., Saudi firms sign tens of billions of dollars of deals as Trump visits Reuters Nvidia exec: artificial intelligence will change your life Yahoo Finance Video Why it's time to rethink the traditional workweek Yahoo Finance Inside Facebook's plan to eat another $350 billion IT market Business Insider Couple who paid off $18,000 in 54 days shares their No. 1 money saving tip CNBC Thousands are flocking to a credit card that helps people repair their bad FICO scores and avoid payday loans Business Insider Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video 11 judges will soon decide the fate of a polarizing US agency Yahoo Finance AP Source: Ford replaces CEO in push to transform business Associated Press Costco, Fed minutes, and GDP — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance Top hedge fund managers shared these 5 trade ideas at the SALT Conference Yahoo Finance Nvidia-GTC-2017-Corrected Yahoo Finance Video Why Amazon let 4,000 dogs into its Seattle headquarters Yahoo Finance Ringling Bros. shuts down the big top after 146 years Associated Press Chinese paper applauds anti-spy efforts after report CIA sources killed factswelcome: We had a big to do around the same time accusing the Chinese of rampant spying and espionage. Nobody with half a brain believes that nations don't spy on one another, or that America is ever lily white. I wonder what the huffing and puffing was all about. Now I know. The Chinese might have disabled our "clever" spy network right about that time and we were raving mad ! Back to business as usual--more spying. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 71
Top Leaderboard, Site wide May 21, 2017 Disclaimer: Please read. x Statements and opinions expressed in articles are those of the authors, not Truthdig. Truthdig takes no responsibility for such statements or opinions. HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Scheer Intelligence Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate Trending: chelsea manning donald trump julian assange noam chomsky saudi arabia wikileaks Most Read The Death of the Republic Russians Are Laughing at the U.S., Not at Trump Trump Administration Deploys a Controversial Tool in Its Immigration Crackdown The International Persecution of Julian Assange Can the Pope Save Trump? Most Comments Most Shared Jr. Spaghetti Tank $21 Buddhist Warfare By Michael Jerryson (Editor), Mark Juergensmeyer (Editor) Jr. Raglan $22   If China Can Fund Infrastructure With Its Own Credit, So Can We Posted on May 21, 2017 By Ellen Brown / Web of Debt     The Chinese government has funded 12,000 miles of high-speed rail in the last decade. (Richard Barton / CC BY 2.0) May 15 through May 19 was designated “National Infrastructure Week” by the US Chambers of Commerce, the American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), and over 150 affiliates. Their message: “It’s time to rebuild.” Ever since ASCE began issuing its “National Infrastructure Report Card” in 1998, the nation has gotten a dismal grade of D or D+. In the meantime, the estimated cost of fixing its infrastructure has gone up from $1.3 trillion to $4.6 trillion. While American politicians debate endlessly over how to finance the needed fixes and which ones to implement, the Chinese have managed to fund massive infrastructure projects all across their country, including 12,000 miles of high-speed rail built just in the last decade. How have they done it, and why can’t we? A key difference between China and the US is that the Chinese government owns the majority of its banks. About 40% of the funding for its giant railway project comes from bonds issued by the Ministry of Railway, 10-20% comes from provincial and local governments, and the remaining 40-50% is provided by loans from federally-owned banks and financial institutions. Like private banks, state-owned banks simply create money as credit on their books. (More on this below.) The difference is that they return their profits to the government, making the loans interest-free; and the loans can be rolled over indefinitely. In effect, the Chinese government decides what work it wants done, draws on its own national credit card, pays Chinese workers to do it, and repays the loans with the proceeds. Advertisement Square, Site wide The US government could do that too, without raising taxes, slashing services, cutting pensions, or privatizing industries. How this could be done quickly and cheaply will be considered here, after a look at the funding proposals currently on the table and at why they are not satisfactory solutions to the nation’s growing infrastructure deficit. In a May 15, 2017, report on In the Public Interest, the debate taking shape heading into National Infrastructure Week was summarized like this: The Trump administration, road privatization industry, and a broad mix of congressional leaders are keen on ramping up a large private financing component (under the marketing rubric of ‘public-private partnerships’), but have not yet reached full agreement on what the proportion should be between tax breaks and new public money—and where that money would come from. Over 500 projects are being pitched to the White House. . . . Democrats have had a full plan on the table since January, advocating for new federal funding and a program of infrastructure renewal spread through a broad range of sectors and regions. And last week, a coalition of right wing, Koch-backed groups led by Freedom Partners . . . released a letter encouraging Congress “to prioritize fiscal responsibility” and focus instead on slashing public transportation, splitting up transportation policy into the individual states, and eliminating labor and environmental protections (i.e., gutting the permitting process). They attacked the idea of a national infrastructure bank and . . . targeted the most important proposal of the Trump administration . . . —to finance new infrastructure by tax reform to enable repatriation of overseas corporate revenues . . . . In a November 2014 editorial titled “How Two Billionaires Are Destroying High Speed Rail in America,” author Julie Doubleday observed that the US push against public mass transit has been led by a think tank called the Reason Foundation, which is funded by the Koch brothers. Their $44 billion fortune comes largely from Koch Industries, an oil and gas conglomerate with a vested interest in mass transit’s competitors, those single-rider vehicles using the roads that are heavily subsidized by the federal government. Clearly, not all Republicans are opposed to funding infrastructure, since Donald Trump’s $1 trillion infrastructure plan was a centerpiece of his presidential campaign, and his Republican base voted him into office. But “establishment Republicans” have traditionally opposed infrastructure spending. Why? According to a May 15, 2015 article in Daily Kos titled “Why Do Republicans Really Oppose Infrastructure Spending?”: Republicans – at the behest of their mega-bank/private equity patrons – really, deeply want to privatize the nation’s infrastructure and turn such public resources into privately owned, profit centers.  More than anything else, this privatization fetish explains Republicans’ efforts to gut and discredit public infrastructure . . . . If the goal is to privatize and monetize public assets, the last thing Republicans are going to do is fund and maintain public confidence in such assets.  Rather, when private equity wants to acquire something, the typical playbook is to first make sure that such assets are what is known as “distressed assets” (i.e., cheaper to buy). A similar argument was advanced by Noam Chomsky in a 2011 lecture titled “The State-Corporate Complex: A Threat to Freedom and Survival”. He said: [T]here is a standard technique of privatization, namely defund what you want to privatize. Like when Thatcher wanted to [privatize] the railroads, first thing to do is defund them, then they don’t work and people get angry and they want a change. You say okay, privatize them . . . . Privatization (or “asset relocation” as it is sometimes euphemistically called) means selling public utilities to private equity investors, who them rent them back to the public, squeezing their profits from high user fees and tolls. Private equity investment now generates an average return of about 11.8 percent annually on a ten-year basis. That puts the cost to the public of financing $1 trillion in infrastructure projects over 10 years at around $1.18 trillion, more than doubling the cost. Moving assets off the government’s balance sheet by privatizing them looks attractive to politicians concerned with this year’s bottom line, but it’s a bad deal for the public. Decades from now, people will still be paying higher tolls for the sake of Wall Street profits on an asset that could have belonged to them all along. One example is the Dulles Greenway, a toll road outside Washington, D.C., nicknamed the “Champagne Highway” due to its extraordinarily high rates and severe underutilization in a region crippled by chronic traffic problems. Local (mostly Republican) officials have tried in vain for years to either force the private owners to lower the toll rates or have the state take the road into public ownership. In 2014, the private operators of the Indiana Toll Road, one of the best-known public-private partnerships (PPPs), filed for bankruptcy after demand dropped, due at least in part to rising toll rates. Other high-profile PPP bankruptcies have occurred in San Diego, CA; Richmond, VA; and Texas. Countering the dogma that “private companies can always do it better and cheaper,” studies have found that on average, private contractors charge more than twice as much as the government would have paid federal workers for the same job. A 2011 report by the Brookings Institution found that “in practice [PPPs] have been dogged by contract design problems, waste, and unrealistic expectations.” In their 2015 report “Why Public-Private Partnerships Don’t Work,” Public Services International stated that “[E]xperience over the last 15 years shows that PPPs are an expensive and inefficient way of financing infrastructure and divert government spending away from other public services. They conceal public borrowing, while providing long-term state guarantees for profits to private companies.” They also divert public money away from the neediest infrastructure projects, which may not deliver sizable returns, in favor of those big-ticket items that will deliver hefty profits to investors. The Trump team has also reportedly discussed the possibility of an infrastructure bank, but that proposal faces similar hurdles. The details of the proposal are as yet unknown, but past conceptions of an infrastructure bank envision a quasi-bank (not a physical, deposit-taking institution) seeded by the federal government, possibly from taxes on the repatriation of offshore corporate profits. The bank would issue bonds, tax credits, and loan guarantees to state and local governments to leverage private sector investment. As with the private equity proposal, an infrastructure bank would rely on public-private partnerships and investors who would be disinclined to invest in projects that did not generate hefty returns. And those returns would again be paid by the public in the form of tolls, fees, higher rates, and payments from state and local governments. There is another way to set up a publicly-owned bank. Today’s infrastructure banks are basically revolving funds. A dollar invested is a dollar lent, which must return to the bank (with interest) before it can be lent again. A chartered depository bank, on the other hand, can turn a one-dollar investment into ten dollars in loans. It can do this because depository banks actually create deposits when they make loans. This was acknowledged by economists both at the Bank of England (in a March 2014 paper entitled “Money Creation in the Modern Economy”) and at the Bundesbank (the German central bank) in an April 2017 report. Contrary to conventional wisdom, money is not fixed and scarce. It is “elastic”: it is created when loans are made and extinguished when they are paid off. The Bank of England report said that private banks create nearly 97 percent of the money supply today. Borrowing from banks (rather than the bond market) expands the circulating money supply. This is something the Federal Reserve tried but failed to do with its quantitative easing (QE) policies: stimulate the economy by expanding the bank lending that expands the money supply. The stellar (and only) model of a publicly-owned depository bank in the United States is the Bank of North Dakota (BND). It holds all of its home state’s revenues as deposits by law, acting as a sort of “mini-Fed” for North Dakota. According to reports, the BND is more profitable even than Goldman Sachs, has a better credit rating than J.P. Morgan Chase, and has seen solid profit growth for almost 15 years. The BND continued to report record profits after two years of oil bust in the state, suggesting that it is highly profitable on its own merits because of its business model. The BND does not pay bonuses, fees, or commissions; has no high paid executives; does not speculate on risky derivatives; does not have multiple branches; does not need to advertise; and does not have private shareholders seeking short-term profits. The profits return to the bank, which distributes them as dividends to the state. The federal government could set up a bank on a similar model. It has massive revenues, which it could leverage into credit for its own purposes. Since financing is typically about 50 percent of the cost of infrastructure, the government could cut infrastructure costs in half by borrowing from its own bank. Public-private partnerships are a good deal for investors but a bad deal for the public. The federal government can generate its own credit without private financial middlemen. That is how China does it, and we can too.   TAGS: china china infrastructure chinese banks chinese rails congress congress budget economy ellen brown infrastructure infrastructure spending web of debt Watch a selection of Wibbitz videos based on Truthdig stories: Related Entries Trump Signs ‘Tremendous’ Deals With Saudi Arabia on His First Day Overseas Elizabeth Warren Challenges Steven Mnuchin Over Glass-Steagall Remarks (Video) Noam Chomsky Looks at How the System Is Rigged to Ensure That Corporations Always Win The Shrinking Oil Industry Email to a friend Get truth delivered to your inbox every day. New and Improved Comments If you have trouble leaving a comment, review this help page. Still having problems? Let us know. If you find yourself moderated, take a moment to review our comment policy. Join the conversation Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Right Top, Site wide - Care2   Right Skyscraper, Site Wide Right Internal Skyscraper, Site wide New on Truthdig The Death of the Republic Posted on May 21, 2017 Can the Pope Save Trump? Posted on May 21, 2017 Trump Administration Deploys a Controversial Tool in Its Immigration Crackdown Posted on May 21, 2017 Russians Are Laughing at the U.S., Not at Trump Posted on May 21, 2017 HOME Ear to the Ground All Ear to the ground Larry's List Columnists Bill Blum Bill Boyarsky Juan Cole Amy Goodman Chris Hedges John Kiriakou Sonali Kolhatkar Robert Scheer More Truthdiggers Global Voices Truthdiggers of the Week Nominate a Truthdigger Cartoons Nick Anderson Clay Bennett Jeff Danziger Mark Fiore Mr. Fish Mike Luckovich Signe Wilkinson Holiday Animation All Cartoons Arts & Culture Author Interview Book Excerpts Book Reviews Essays Film Reviews Poetry Digs The Death of Truth The Last Letter All Digs Multimedia A/V Booth Scheer Intelligence Truthdig Radio Photo Essays Podcasts Q&A: Live Chats Shop Bazaar Truthdig Merchandise Donate A Progressive Journal of News and Opinion Publisher Zuade Kaufman | Editor Robert Scheer About Us | Contact Us | Advertise or Partner with Truthdig | User Agreement | Privacy Policy | Comment Policy © 2017 Truthdig, LLC. All rights reserved. Website development by Hop Studios Like Truthdig on Facebook  
null
