Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Ford Motor Company (F) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Brinker International (EAT) Share Price Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share $2.34 Earnings Per Share Expected for International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price Financial Engines (FNGN) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hecla Mining Company (HL) Stock Price JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (NYSE:JFC)’s share price reached a new 52-week high on Wednesday after an insider bought additional shares in the company. The stock traded as high as $18.61 and last traded at $18.61, with a volume of 10,840 shares trading hands. The stock had previously closed at $18.45. Specifically, major shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc purchased 12,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 27th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.35 per share, with a total value of $220,200.00. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Over the last ninety days, insiders acquired 120,599 shares of company stock valued at $2,217,272. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $17.93 and its 200-day moving average is $16.93. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/jpmorgan-china-region-fund-inc-jfc-hits-new-1-year-high-after-insider-buying-activity.html. About JPMorgan China Region Fund JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The Fund seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation through investments primarily in equity securities of companies with substantial assets in, or revenues derived from, the People’s Republic of China (China), Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, collectively, the China Region. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up IAB welcomes tough action on digital ads News, 06 April 2017 Topics Regulation & control NEW YORK: Marketers will all be aware that several major brands, such as Procter & Gamble and JPMorgan Chase, are no longer tolerating the inadequacies of digital advertising – and this is a development strongly endorsed by the IAB's CEO. Randall Rothenberg, President and CEO of the Interactive Advertising Bureau, said in a blog post that the industry has done a lot of work to improve matters since Marc Pritchard, P&G's Chief Brand Officer, demanded earlier this year that the advertising industry take action to deal with bad practice. But Rothenberg said "there is much, much more left to be done" because "it's not just digital ad tech companies that are culpable – agencies, publishers, and the brands themselves bear responsibility". Posting his comments on the same day that Pritchard reiterated his call for agencies to increase transparency and improve brand safety, Rothenberg praised the FMCG giant, one of the biggest advertisers in the world, for its tough approach. "By putting its money on the line for standards compliance, Procter & Gamble launched a shot across the bow of [the] entire marketing-media ecosystem," he wrote. Rothenberg also lauded JPMorgan Chase for its almost ruthless filleting of websites that once served its ads, cutting the total from around 400,000 to just 5,000 pre-approved sites. He said JPMorgan Chase was following the programme he outlined at the IAB Annual Leadership Meeting in Florida two months ago, when he told ad industry executives that it was up to them as individuals and their companies to "repair the trust". "I have no doubt that P&G and JPMorgan Chase will be followed by a wave of big brands taking similar actions to secure the digital industry supply chain on behalf of brand and consumer safety," he predicted. Throughout his blog, Rothenberg highlighted how pressing the issue of brand safety is, and he even made a startling comparison between the state of the current supply chain in advertising with the efforts the food industry makes to ensure its supply chain is safe. Around 121bn cans of food and beverage are shipped around the US each year, he said, yet only one can is contaminated with botulism – or .00000000001% of all that are shipped. By comparison, "between 3% and 37% of impressions are fraudulently generated by bots" and taken together with ads served on porn sites, falsified content or other inappropriate sites, then "the incidence of bad advertising is at least a few hundred billion times greater than the incidence of bad canned food". Data sourced from IAB; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News WhatsApp eyes digital payments in India News How Levi's mixes data with stories News WARC launches 2017 Prize for Asian Strategy News IAB welcomes tough action on digital ads News P&G's Pritchard to 'raise the bar' on creative News Argos launches 'world first' campaign News Spotify lets Universal limit free music News JetBlue connects insights and creative View more News and Opinion More from WARC P&G's Pritchard takes on fakes, fraudsters and fearmongers Digital Transparency: 10 questions marketers need to ask their media agency Can quality content rescue the chaos of digital marketing? IAB chief chastises, challenges digital leadership Future-proofing for the digital age: 10 lessons from P&G's former President of e-business Get a demo Topics Regulation & control 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News JPMorgan Chase 2017 Proxy Statement NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–JPMorgan Chase & Co. („JPMorgan Chase” or the „Firm”) has released its 2017 Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement is now available on the Firm’s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/annual-report-proxy. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Online to Offline Commerce Market 10-Year Market Forecast Research Report by Future Market Insights Next PostNext New Jersey American Water Investing $2.5 Million in New Main Installation Project Under Shrewsbury River in Rumson and Sea Bright Search Recent Posts Private Equity and Venture Capital Funds Underperformed Public Markets During Q3 2016, According to Cambridge Associates Bridging global infrastructure gap tops agenda at annual UN Partnership Forum Bridging global infrastructure gap tops agenda at annual UN Partnership Forum Ohio Men Sentenced to Prison for Racially Motivated Attack on Stranger 4A’s Transformation Conference Heads Back to Miami in 2018 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments9 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it On Leadership JPMorgan’s Dimon says the U.S. is exceptional, but ‘something is wrong’ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Jena McGregor By Jena McGregor April 5 at 4:13 PM Follow @jenamcgregor Jamie Dimon, right, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, and Andy Serwer, Editor-in-Chief, Yahoo Finance, discuss Dimon's annual shareholder letter at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington. (Paul Morigi/AP Images for JPMorgan Chase) JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said Tuesday that his closely watched annual letter to investors was written with shareholders, employees and the community in mind. But other parties might be interested in what he has to say: the White House and Congress, as the high-profile banker sounded off on policy issues in his investor letter in a very big way. "This is the first time I probably ever took on public policy as just a main theme,"  Dimon said in an interview with Yahoo Finance's Andy Serwer at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday after the letter's release. "I've mentioned it before many times, but this is the first time I put it down and said I'm going to deal with public policy." Dimon devoted one of three sections -- 12 of the letter's 45 pages -- to a wide-ranging policy blueprint, as well as another 15 pages focused specifically on financial regulation. In the policy section, he weighs in on topics including education and infrastructure, immigration and corporate taxes, speaking out about labor participation, spending on wars and student lending. And though he maintains that the United States is an "exceptional" country, with the world's best military, hospitals, universities and an entrepreneurial culture, the typically optimistic CEO also wrote that "something is wrong" in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. "Making this list was an upsetting exercise," he wrote. [How two of the most closely-watched CEOs see the economy in the Trump era] Dimon, a member of President Trump's CEO advisory council whose name was floated as a possible Treasury Secretary in the Trump administration and who has contributed to Democrats in the past, joins other high-profile CEOs who've devoted parts of their investor letters this year to policy or politics. In February, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett promoted the U.S. economy's dynamism, pointing out the value of immigrants and entitlements, while General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt zeroed in on trade, warning the country will be "less of a leader in trade" while expressing hope about some of the new policies. Dimon said he thinks business has a responsibility to weigh in. Though some CEOs "don't want to do that because they don't want to be a target," he said in the interview at the Chamber, "I think it's particularly important for business today to take an active role in trying to fix the problems that this country does have." Like Buffett and Immelt, Dimon did not identify Trump by name, but wrote about policies that reveal how his views compare with the administration's. Like the president, Dimon said he "strongly disagrees" with economists who think the country is stuck with slower growth and lower productivity. For example, factors such as rising health-care costs and defaults on student loans, which aren't usually reflected in economic models, have likely hurt growth. Working to improve those issues could help the economy. He said the "regulatory environment is unnecessarily complex, costly and sometimes confusing" and wrote in favor of corporate tax reform, saying the current system "is driving capital and brains overseas." He also echoed an understanding, at least, of the populist forces that drove Trump's campaign. Factors such as declining wages, high health care costs and income inequality "all have created deep frustration," he wrote, as well as a "disenchantment" with trade and globalization. "It is understandable why so many are angry at the leaders of America's institutions, including businesses, schools and governments -- they are right to expect us to do a better job. Collectively, we are the ones responsible." In the interview at the Chamber, Dimon also spoke directly about Trump and some of his policies, saying, for instance, that Trump is right about unfair trade practices with China: "I hate to tell you, he's right. We all know that. The Chinese know it. They steal intellectual property. There’s cybersecurity. There are very high tariffs for certain things." He also said he is "somewhat optimistic" on issues such as corporate taxes, infrastructure and regulations, where he thinks the Trump administration "is on the right track." [The cost of silence: Why more CEOs are speaking out in the Trump era] Yet Dimon also cited areas that reveal where there are differences. Dimon listed "anti-globalization sentiment" -- a sentiment that helped sweep Trump to victory -- as a major geopolitical risk to his company. Trump made "buy American, hire American" a line in his inauguration speech and plans to restrict highly skilled foreign workers; Dimon called it "alarming" that some 40 percent of students who get advanced degrees in areas such as science and mathematics "are foreign nationals with no legal way of staying here even when many would choose to do so." On financial regulation, Dimon was also clear that he did not think "the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules" should be thrown out, noting that factors like more coordinated oversight and laws that let regulators unwind failing banks have made the system stronger, even suggesting the "too big to fail" problem had essentially been solved. Dimon did, however, cite rules that he thinks need to be reworked, such as creating more consistent and simplified capital standards. In his letter, Dimon dug into a host of other concerns he thinks society is facing, from infrastructure problems to lower labor participation rates to education, which he cited as particularly distressing. "We should be ringing the national alarm bell that inner city schools are failing our children," he wrote, calling for more partnerships between business and schools and more vocational training. In his interview at the Chamber, Dimon had particularly strong words, saying the nation's leaders were to blame and calling problems with the education system a "national emergency" that should be treated like World War II or smallpox. "This is a slow train wreck," he said. While there, he also admitted that he did get "a lot of complaints" from people who opposed his participation on Trump's advisory group. While he said he "absolutely" does not agree with all of Trump's policies -- joking that "Mr. Trump doesn't agree with everything he's said himself" -- he also had an answer for those critics. "Here's what I told everybody: When you get on the airplane, you better be rooting for the success of the pilot," he said. "I'm a patriot. I will do what I can to help the United States of America. And that includes helping whoever's president." Read also: The investor who pushed tech firms to publish their pay gap is going after big banks Like On Leadership? Follow us on Facebook and Twitter, and subscribe to our podcast on iTunes. business on-leadership on-leadership true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 9 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Jena McGregor writes a daily column analyzing leadership in the news for the Washington Post’s On Leadership section. Follow @jenamcgregor 9 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 The IRS took millions from innocent people because of how they managed their bank accounts, inspector general finds 2 JPMorgan’s Dimon says the U.S. is exceptional, but ‘something is wrong’ 3 The troubles at the American mall are coming to a boil 4 Trump’s EPA moves to dismantle programs that protect kids from lead paint 5 Nivea’s ‘White Is Purity’ ad campaign didn’t end well Market Watch DJIA -0.2% NASDAQ -0.58% Get quote Last Update: 04/06/2017(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game business on-leadership on-leadership Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Insider David C. George Sells 84,283 Shares of Stock Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Insider Vaughn B. Himes Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Purchases 83,599 Shares Alkermes Plc (ALKS) CAO Kathryn L. Biberstein Sells 15,000 Shares A-Mark Precious Metals Inc (AMRK) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet Albireo Pharma, Inc. (ALBO) Given $40.00 Average Price Target by Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Tokyo Electron (TOELY) to “Strong-Buy” Team, Inc. (TISI) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Morgan Advanced Materials PLC (MGAM) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc Morgan Advanced Materials PLC (MGAM) Receives “Neutral” Rating from Citigroup Inc HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Adecoagro SA (AGRO) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Koovs PLC’s (KOOV) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Koovs PLC’s (KOOV) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Denison Mines Corp (DNN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” FTD Companies Inc (FTD) Downgraded to “D+” at TheStreet Intelligent Systems Co. (INS) Upgraded by TheStreet to C Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Lifted to B- at TheStreet JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Major Shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc Purchases 83,599 Shares April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (NYSE:JFC) major shareholder Bulldog Investors, Llc acquired 83,599 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.40 per share, with a total value of $1,538,221.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Major shareholders that own at least 10% of a company’s stock are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Bulldog Investors, Llc also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, March 28th, Bulldog Investors, Llc acquired 15,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.43 per share, with a total value of $276,450.00. On Monday, March 27th, Bulldog Investors, Llc acquired 12,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.35 per share, with a total value of $220,200.00. On Tuesday, March 21st, Bulldog Investors, Llc acquired 10,000 shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund stock. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $18.24 per share, with a total value of $182,400.00. Shares of JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (NYSE:JFC) traded up 0.70% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $18.58. 36,217 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $17.90 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.92. JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc has a 52-week low of $13.86 and a 52-week high of $18.61. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/jpmorgan-china-region-fund-inc-jfc-major-shareholder-bulldog-investors-llc-purchases-83599-shares.html. JPMorgan China Region Fund Company Profile JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company. The Fund seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation through investments primarily in equity securities of companies with substantial assets in, or revenues derived from, the People’s Republic of China (China), Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau, collectively, the China Region. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
clock menu more-arrow Chicago Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Topics Neighborhoods Cities More Topics For Sale  in Chicago For Rent  in Chicago Construction News Architecture Maps Development  News House Calls Historic Preservation Neighborhoods Cities Atlanta Austin Boston Chicago Curbed.com Detroit Hamptons Los Angeles Miami New Orleans New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington DC ✕ The Loop Chicago Development News Changes coming to Chase Tower plaza JPMorgan Chase has confirmed plans to make changes to the block-wide Exelon Plaza by AJ LaTrace Apr 5, 2017, 12:42pm CDT tweet share pin Curbed Chicago Flickr pool/Jonathan Hartsaw As the development boom continues in downtown Chicago, one of the Loop’s best known outdoor plazas is being targeted for an overhaul. According to the Tribune, JPMorgan Chase has revealed that it is looking to make changes to the block-long Exelon Plaza at the base of Chase Tower. The plaza, which dates back to the early 1970s when the First National Bank Building was demolished, features a prominent sunken court and Marc Chagall’s colorful mosaic “The Four Seasons.” For decades, the open plaza area has been a popular gathering spot for office workers during lunch breaks, but a spokesperson with Chase tells the Tribune “it's time” to make changes to it. ↑ As depicted in this 1977 promotional film, the plaza at the base of Chase Tower (originally First National Plaza) has long been a gathering spot for office workers. The plaza has been utilized for popup events and attractions over the years, but a Chase spokesperson tells the Tribune that the New York-based bank that owns the building and plaza wants to “make it more inviting and enhance the experience of being in the plaza.” And with ongoing concern over the future of Chicago’s great public art and sculpture from the twentieth century, Chase reps tell the Tribune that there are no plans to alter or remove Chagall’s mosaic from the plaza. Curbed Chicago Flickr pool/Chris Wilson However, Preservation Chicago suggests that any dramatic or significant changes to the existing plaza could compromise the architectural integrity of the late modernist tower and plaza, affecting its potential for future landmarking. Ward Miller, Preservation Chicago Executive Director, suggests to the Tribune that the plaza could one day be targeted for redevelopment without landmark protections. However, Chase reps say that there are no plans to build a new tower at the site. Makeover planned for plaza around Chase Tower [Chicago Tribune] The 7 most endangered Chicago buildings in 2017 [Curbed Chicago] Next Up In Chicago Development News Developer selected for Holy Name Cathedral’s block-sized parking lot Alderman delays vote on Wicker Park hotel over its ‘suburban’ design Hyde Park apartment tower, Edgewater TOD headed to Chicago Plan Commission 160-unit residential development proposed for vacant lot in Noble Square Two more developments in the pipeline for Chicago’s booming West Loop 135 live-work lofts could be headed to this vacant Woodlawn lot Trending Chicago’s former Historical Society building begins ‘clubstaurant’ conversion The landmarked building at 632 N. Dearborn is being gutted and will reopen next year as TAO Chicago. Beautiful brick mansion in Beverly lists for $825K Built in 1924, this old home has received many important updates in the last few years. Developer selected for Holy Name Cathedral’s block-sized parking lot While details of the deal are still being finalized, the massive River North parcel will reportedly fetch more than $110 million. More Trending Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Two-bedroom in Bridgeport rents for only $700 The listing suggests that electricity and gas are also included in the rent. by AJ LaTrace 1 comment / new Chicago architecture graphic novel raises $20,000 in 10 days The Chicago Architecture Foundation hit its fundraising goal with 25 days left. by AJ LaTrace Half-floor condo in the original Playboy Mansion takes another major price cut This spacious unit in Hefner’s former bunny pad has knocked a whopping $1.5 million off its asking price since 2015. by Jay Koziarz Chicago’s former Historical Society building begins ‘clubstaurant’ conversion The landmarked building at 632 N. Dearborn is being gutted and will reopen next year as TAO Chicago. by Jay Koziarz 23 comments / new Beautiful brick mansion in Beverly lists for $825K Built in 1924, this old home has received many important updates in the last few years. by AJ LaTrace 2 comments / new Developer selected for Holy Name Cathedral’s block-sized parking lot While details of the deal are still being finalized, the massive River North parcel will reportedly fetch more than $110 million. by Jay Koziarz 17 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead About Curbed All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Chicago tweet share
Jobs Cars Homes Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Yorkshire Post Search More Close ] News Politics Crime Transport Education Health Environment Analysis Opinion Campaigns Obituaries Showbiz National News Politics Crime Transport Education Health Environment Analysis Opinion Campaigns Obituaries Showbiz National Sport Sports Podcasts Football Rugby League Rugby Union Cricket Athletics Basketball Boxing Cycling Equestrian F1 & Motor Sport Golf Horse Racing Ice Hockey Olympics Snooker Squash Tennis More Sport Business Commercial Property Markets Retail SMEs Commentary Lifestyle Homes Books Fashion Walks & Cycling Health & Wellbeing Travel Gardening Personal Finance Gadgets & Tech Cars Our Yorkshire People Heritage Discover Yorkshire Your Yorkshire What's On Dining Out Music Arts Theatre Cinema Television Comedy Exhibitions Hull 2017 Country Life Rural News Farming Country Style Country Pursuits Equestrian Future Yorkshire Technology Research Investment Retail Our Region West Yorkshire and The Dales South Yorkshire North Yorkshire, Moors and Coast East Yorkshire Barnsley Beverley Bradford Doncaster Driffield Halifax Harrogate Huddersfield Hull Leeds Rotherham Scarborough Sheffield The Wolds Wakefield Whitby York Offices bought by JP Morgan in £22m deal Toronto Square 18:02 Wednesday 05 April 2017 0 Have your say A city centre office block has changed hands in a £22.2m deal. Toronto Square in Leeds was bought by a fund managed by JP Morgan Asset Management - Global Real Assets from M&G Investments. M&G Investments has owned the building for four years after buying it from developer Highcross in 2013 for £29m. The latest deal is a 20 per cent drop in the price paid by M&G. Highcross carried out a £10m redevelopment and extension programme on the 88,000 sq ft building, designed by Bowman Riley Architects, in 2010. The office space is occupied by CBRE, Capsticks and Franklin Templeton Investments. The building sits in a prime location on Toronto Street, surrounded by bars, restaurants, café and shops, close to Leeds Station. JP Morgan Asset Management – Global Real Assets said it intends to undertake an investment and enhancement programme to drive the leasing of the remaining vacant accommodation. Elliot Prosser, vice president at JP Morgan Asset Management – Global Real Assets, said: “Toronto Square fits our ongoing strategy to acquire well-located assets that are capable of being repositioned through active asset management.” JP Morgan Asset Management was advised by Savills. M&G Investments was advised by CBRE. More than 30 per cent of the seven storey scheme was newly built in 2010. The major redevelopment of the former Cloth Hall Court, in the centre of the city’s legal and financial district, included the addition of two new floors and a full height extension to the rear of the original building. However, the developer found itself at the centre of a high court battle after the owner of a neighbouring property argued the building obstructed his ‘rights of light’. The High Court ruled that Highcross must pull down a significant part of its two storey extension, which was completed in 2009. The parties reached an out-of-court settlement ahead of the appeal hearing in 2011. Recent figures show that investors are flocking to spend their cash on Yorkshire property, although there are concerns that the region does not have enough ‘prime’ buildings on the market to satisfy their appetite. Directors at some of the biggest property firms told The Yorkshire Post last month that investors from across the globe were keen to plough their money into cities like Leeds and Sheffield but warned the lack of available prime stock meant often they were forced to invest elsewhere. According to JLL’s latest Office Market Outlook report, office investment volumes reached £158m in Leeds last year, which, while subdued as a result of available office stock, exceeded the previous year’s total. Sheffield’s commercial property investment market for 2016 saw the highest levels of overseas investment ever recorded in the city. The city’s office market drove record investment levels for the year, with foreign spend topping £60m and amounting to 82 per cent of turnover, with properties such as Vulcan House at the J2 Riverside Exchange and Riverside East office, home to law firm Irwin Mitchell, being snapped up. Back to the top of the page Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Yorkshire Post means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Yorkshire Post You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Yorkshire Post Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Business Lifestyle Food and Drink Our Yorkshire What's On Country Life Future Yorkshire More from The Yorkshire Post Announcements Buy a Photo Directory Digital Archive Jobs Homes Cars Dating Local Guide Public Notices Useful Links Contact Us Advertise My Business Advertise a Job Place your Ad Subscribe © 2017 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sophos Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sophos Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Universe Group plc (UNG) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Coverage Initiated at Rosenblatt Securities Vernalis plc (VER) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Numis Securities Ltd Nuveen Connecticut Premium Income Mun Fd (NTC) Receiving Extremely Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Price Target Raised to GBX 360 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Utilitywise PLC (UTW) Given Corporate Rating at FinnCap Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Upgraded by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods to Outperform Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms ” Buy” Rating for Learning Technologies Group PLC (LTG) Renaissance Investment Group LLC Raises Stake in Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Agrium Inc. (AGU) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Hexcel (HXL) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of -0.20 Workday Inc (WDAY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Very Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Arthur J Gallagher & Co (AJG) Stock Price Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact American International Group (AIG) Share Price Atalanta Sosnoff Capital LLC Cuts Stake in Time Warner Inc (TWX) Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Renaissance Investment Group LLC Decreases Stake in Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Renaissance Investment Group LLC Sells 52 Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Lear Co. (LEA) Shares Sold by Renaissance Investment Group LLC Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Stake Maintained by First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Price Target Raised to GBX 360 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Sophos Group PLC (LON:SOPH) had its price target lifted by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 340 ($4.24) to GBX 360 ($4.49) in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm presently has a ” overweight” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 18.73% from the company’s current price. Other equities research analysts also recently issued research reports about the company. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated an “add” rating and issued a GBX 305 ($3.81) price objective on shares of Sophos Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Peel Hunt reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 360 ($4.49) price objective on shares of Sophos Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 290 ($3.62) price objective on shares of Sophos Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday. Citigroup Inc increased their price objective on Sophos Group PLC from GBX 325 ($4.06) to GBX 380 ($4.74) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Morgan Stanley reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Sophos Group PLC in a research report on Friday, January 27th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 335 ($4.18). Shares of Sophos Group PLC (LON:SOPH) traded up 2.70% on Wednesday, reaching GBX 311.40. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,049,151 shares. The firm’s market cap is GBX 1.40 billion. Sophos Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 146.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 313.30. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 278.72 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 261.98. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/sophos-group-plc-soph-price-target-raised-to-gbx-360-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Steve Munford bought 2,866,194 shares of Sophos Group PLC stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 17th. The shares were acquired at an average price of GBX 264 ($3.30) per share, with a total value of £7,566,752.16 ($9,445,452.70). Also, insider Nick Bray sold 46,209 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 282 ($3.52), for a total value of £130,309.38 ($162,663.06). Sophos Group PLC Company Profile Sophos Group plc operates as an investment company for the Sophos Group. It is a provider of cloud-enabled end-user and network security solutions. Its geographic segments include Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), the Americas, and Asia Pacific and Japan (APJ). Its products under enduser security include Sophos Mobile Control 6, which is developed to include Sophos Secure Email, a personal information management container solution for e-mail, calendar and contacts, and Sophos Server Protection Advanced, which integrates server application to deliver single-click server lockdown, using Sophos Central management. Receive News & Ratings for Sophos Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sophos Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Jamie Dimon: JPMorgan spent nearly $10 billion on tech last year CNBC @CNBCPublished now CNBC @CNBCPublished now                                                                               JPMorgan is boosting its investment in technology as CEO Jamie Dimon continues to embrace Silicon Valley. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said the bank spent $9.5 billion on technology in 2016 and has plans this year to introduce products for digital banking, online investment advice and electronic trading. In his annual letter to shareholders on Tuesday, Dimon said the firm is also "collaborating with some excellent fintech companies to dramatically improve our digital and other customer offerings." Among the leading bank executives, Dimon has established himself as the biggest presence in San Francisco and Silicon Valley, making regular trips West to meet with tech executives and venture capitalists. He made headlines in his shareholder letter two years ago, warning investors that "Silicon Valley is coming." Rather than view potential banking disruption as a threat to JPMorgan, Dimon has embraced new technologies. About $3 billion, or almost one-third, of last year's investment went to "new initiatives," including $600 million on fintech solutions and projects. Dimon highlighted partnerships with emerging tech companies like Zelle for consumer payments, Roostify for online mortgages, TrueCar for auto finance and On Deck Capital , which provides loans to small businesses. The JPMorgan CEO also took a swipe at the U.S. immigration system and how it hurts this country's ability to compete globally. Dimon said that about 40 percent of people receiving advanced degrees in science, technology engineering and math at American universities are from other countries. Yet they have no legal way to stay when they're finished with school. "We are forcing great talent overseas by not allowing these young people to build their dreams here," Dimon wrote. And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Electronics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,045,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $66,392,000 Stake in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) Guggenheim Capital LLC Cuts Position in Vascular Solutions, Inc. (VASC) Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Vereit Inc (VER) Position Raised by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts MITIE Group PLC (MITFY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Shiseido Co. LTD. (SSDOY) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research South State Co. (SSB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research N+1 Singer Reiterates “Buy” Rating for First Derivatives plc (FDP) Momo Inc (MOMO) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 2,372 Shares of Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Two Sigma Investments LP Invests $379,000 in Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Receives $29.33 Consensus PT from Analysts Insider Selling: BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) EVP Sells $346,793.50 in Stock The Carlyle Group LP (CG) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY reduced its position in Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) by 1.9% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 10,654 shares of the company’s stock after selling 204 shares during the period. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY’s holdings in Universal Electronics were worth $688,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 992,691 shares of the company’s stock worth $73,916,000 after buying an additional 73,391 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Universal Electronics by 108.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $999,000 after buying an additional 6,985 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Universal Electronics during the fourth quarter worth about $1,856,000. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in shares of Universal Electronics by 20.7% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 21,129 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,573,000 after buying an additional 3,625 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wellington Shields & Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of Universal Electronics by 18.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 359,455 shares of the company’s stock worth $26,765,000 after buying an additional 55,888 shares during the last quarter. 90.71% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC) opened at 66.95 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $963.41 million, a PE ratio of 48.51 and a beta of 1.78. Universal Electronics Inc has a 52 week low of $52.90 and a 52 week high of $80.42. The company has a 50-day moving average of $67.68 and a 200-day moving average of $67.61. Universal Electronics (NASDAQ:UEIC) last released its earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.70. Universal Electronics had a return on equity of 16.85% and a net margin of 4.05%. The business earned $160.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $164.41 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.91 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Universal Electronics Inc will post $3.58 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/universal-electronics-inc-ueic-shares-sold-by-metropolitan-life-insurance-co-ny.html. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $77.25 price target on shares of Universal Electronics in a research note on Monday, March 27th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Universal Electronics from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Universal Electronics from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Lake Street Capital dropped their price target on shares of Universal Electronics from $78.00 to $71.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $76.31. About Universal Electronics Universal Electronics Inc (UEI) develops control and sensor technology solutions and manufactures a line of pre-programmed and universal remote control products, audio-video (AV) accessories, and intelligent wireless security and automation components. The Company’s offerings include pre-programmed universal infrared (IR) and radio frequency (RF) remote controls that are sold primarily to subscription broadcasting providers, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), retailers, and private label customers, and integrated circuits, on which its software and universal device control database is embedded, sold primarily to OEMs, subscription broadcasting providers, and private label customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UEIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Universal Electronics Inc (NASDAQ:UEIC). Receive News & Ratings for Universal Electronics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Electronics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is New York State Teachers Retirement System’s 5th Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Position Lowered by Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Cpcm LLC Purchases New Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Asturias Capital LLC Increases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd (PFLT) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Stepan Company (SCL) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Texas Yale Capital Corp. Ally Financial Inc. Acquires Shares of 15,000 AT&T Inc. (T) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $4,785,000 Stake in Insulet Co. (PODD) Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 291,300 Shares of Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Inmarsat Plc’s (ISAT) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Lowered to Underperform at Bank of America Corp Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Gladstone Capital Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GLAD) TearLab Corp (TEAR) Major Shareholder Sells $1,048,556.80 in Stock Donald H. Kremin Sells 27,852 Shares of Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Texas Yale Capital Corp. April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Texas Yale Capital Corp. reduced its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 1.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 139,806 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 1,344 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. accounts for about 1.1% of Texas Yale Capital Corp.’s holdings, making the stock its 11th largest position. Texas Yale Capital Corp.’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $12,064,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Azimuth Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Azimuth Capital Management LLC now owns 179,994 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $15,532,000 after buying an additional 2,862 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 23.1% in the fourth quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. now owns 50,474 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $4,356,000 after buying an additional 9,475 shares during the last quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 8,657.3% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 1,404,150 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,404,000 after buying an additional 1,388,116 shares during the last quarter. Lyell Wealth Management LP acquired a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,929,000. Finally, Meridian Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $4,500,000. Institutional investors own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.31 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $310.89 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.11 and a beta of 1.49. The company’s 50-day moving average is $90.11 and its 200 day moving average is $81.12. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 1-year low of $57.05 and a 1-year high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last released its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. The firm earned $24.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.48 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The business’s revenue was up 2.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.68 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Texas Yale Capital Corp.” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stake-reduced-by-texas-yale-capital-corp.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on JPM. Vetr upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $97.82 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday. Rafferty Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $97.00 target price (up previously from $96.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $100.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG lifted their target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $99.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $94.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating, seventeen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $80.17. In other news, insider Ashley Bacon sold 12,986 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.15, for a total value of $1,092,771.90. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 67,670 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,694,430.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 237,466 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,868,780.22. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 202,699 shares of company stock valued at $17,009,515 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is New York State Teachers Retirement System’s 5th Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Position Lowered by Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Cpcm LLC Purchases New Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Asturias Capital LLC Increases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital Ltd (PFLT) Shares Bought by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Cirrus Logic, Inc. (CRUS) Shares Sold by Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Stepan Company (SCL) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Texas Yale Capital Corp. Ally Financial Inc. Acquires Shares of 15,000 AT&T Inc. (T) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $4,785,000 Stake in Insulet Co. (PODD) Renaissance Technologies LLC Sells 291,300 Shares of Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Inmarsat Plc’s (ISAT) Buy Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Secureworks Corp (SCWX) Lowered to Underperform at Bank of America Corp Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Upgraded at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Gladstone Capital Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GLAD) TearLab Corp (TEAR) Major Shareholder Sells $1,048,556.80 in Stock Donald H. Kremin Sells 27,852 Shares of Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is New York State Teachers Retirement System’s 5th Largest Position April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New York State Teachers Retirement System lowered its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 3.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 6,447,593 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 239,695 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. comprises approximately 1.4% of New York State Teachers Retirement System’s portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. New York State Teachers Retirement System’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $556,363,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 19.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 96,587,143 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,334,505,000 after buying an additional 15,715,835 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 169,177,566 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $14,598,334,000 after buying an additional 11,844,085 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth about $654,210,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1,138.7% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 6,754,863 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $582,667,000 after buying an additional 6,209,530 shares during the period. Finally, Standard Life Investments LTD boosted its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 31.8% in the third quarter. Standard Life Investments LTD now owns 8,151,428 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $542,763,000 after buying an additional 1,965,144 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.31 on Wednesday. The stock has a market cap of $310.89 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.11 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52 week low of $57.05 and a 52 week high of $93.98. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $90.11 and its 200 day moving average is $81.12. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.42 by $0.29. The firm had revenue of $24.30 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.48 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.68 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.29%. This is a positive change from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is presently 31.02%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is New York State Teachers Retirement System’s 5th Largest Position” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-is-new-york-state-teachers-retirement-systems-5th-largest-position.html. A number of equities analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. Vetr raised shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $97.82 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday. Sandler O’Neill reissued a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Nomura reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $80.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $89.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, CLSA reissued a “buy” rating and set a $79.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating, seventeen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.17. In related news, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 21,532 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $1,801,582.44. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 86,338 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,223,900.46. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Gordon Smith sold 65,865 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.67, for a total transaction of $5,510,924.55. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 237,466 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,868,780.22. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515 in the last three months. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in ATN International Inc (ATNI) Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) FTD Companies Inc (FTD) Stake Increased by Comerica Bank Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Stake in Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) 165,723 Shares in Resolute Forest Products Inc (RFP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $551,000 Stake in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $551,000 Stake in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) 19,324 Shares in Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System 165,723 Shares in Resolute Forest Products Inc (RFP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 24,336 ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Given $35.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Desjardins Weighs in on NAPEC Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NPC) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $551,000 Stake in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (NYSE:HVT) by 6.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 23,247 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,414 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System’s holdings in Haverty Furniture Companies were worth $551,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Acadian Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies during the third quarter worth $1,690,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies by 155.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 115,066 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,306,000 after buying an additional 70,104 shares during the last quarter. LSV Asset Management boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies by 11.3% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 583,001 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,683,000 after buying an additional 59,045 shares during the last quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies by 22.4% in the third quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC now owns 271,616 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,443,000 after buying an additional 49,700 shares during the last quarter. Finally, SPC Financial Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies during the third quarter worth $979,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 77.88% of the company’s stock. Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (NYSE:HVT) opened at 23.65 on Wednesday. Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. has a 52-week low of $16.57 and a 52-week high of $25.50. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $23.20 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.81. The stock has a market capitalization of $499.46 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.19 and a beta of 0.81. Haverty Furniture Companies (NYSE:HVT) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The company reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.08. Haverty Furniture Companies had a net margin of 3.26% and a return on equity of 8.95%. The company had revenue of $220.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $220.61 million. On average, equities research analysts predict that Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. will post $1.21 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a dividend of $0.12 per share. This represents a $0.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. Haverty Furniture Companies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 40.00%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-has-551000-stake-in-haverty-furniture-companies-inc-hvt.html. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on HVT shares. Sidoti started coverage on Haverty Furniture Companies in a report on Friday, February 3rd. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered Haverty Furniture Companies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. In other Haverty Furniture Companies news, insider Rawson Haverty, Jr. sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.56, for a total transaction of $338,400.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 82,331 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,857,387.36. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Jenny H. Parker sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.80, for a total transaction of $136,800.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 28,209 shares in the company, valued at $643,165.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 10.51% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Haverty Furniture Companies Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc is a specialty retailer of residential furniture and accessories. The Company sells home furnishings in its retail stores and through its Website havertys.com. The Company has over 120 stores in approximately 20 states in the southern and Midwest regions with over 4.4 million square feet retail store space. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HVT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (NYSE:HVT). Receive News & Ratings for Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Position in ATN International Inc (ATNI) Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System LivePerson, Inc. (LPSN) Position Raised by Comerica Bank Russell Investments Group Ltd. Takes Position in OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) FTD Companies Inc (FTD) Stake Increased by Comerica Bank Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires New Stake in Employers Holdings, Inc. (EIG) 165,723 Shares in Resolute Forest Products Inc (RFP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $551,000 Stake in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $551,000 Stake in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) 19,324 Shares in Worthington Industries, Inc. (WOR) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) Position Held by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System 165,723 Shares in Resolute Forest Products Inc (RFP) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Russell Investments Group Ltd. Acquires Shares of 24,336 ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Given $35.00 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Desjardins Weighs in on NAPEC Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NPC) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $551,000 Stake in Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (NYSE:HVT) by 6.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 23,247 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,414 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System’s holdings in Haverty Furniture Companies were worth $551,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Acadian Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies during the third quarter worth $1,690,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies by 155.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 115,066 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,306,000 after buying an additional 70,104 shares during the last quarter. LSV Asset Management boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies by 11.3% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 583,001 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,683,000 after buying an additional 59,045 shares during the last quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies by 22.4% in the third quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC now owns 271,616 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,443,000 after buying an additional 49,700 shares during the last quarter. Finally, SPC Financial Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Haverty Furniture Companies during the third quarter worth $979,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 77.88% of the company’s stock. Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (NYSE:HVT) opened at 23.65 on Wednesday. Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. has a 52-week low of $16.57 and a 52-week high of $25.50. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $23.20 and a 200 day moving average price of $21.81. The stock has a market capitalization of $499.46 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.19 and a beta of 0.81. Haverty Furniture Companies (NYSE:HVT) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The company reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.43 by $0.08. Haverty Furniture Companies had a net margin of 3.26% and a return on equity of 8.95%. The company had revenue of $220.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $220.61 million. On average, equities research analysts predict that Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. will post $1.21 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 29th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a dividend of $0.12 per share. This represents a $0.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. Haverty Furniture Companies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 40.00%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-has-551000-stake-in-haverty-furniture-companies-inc-hvt-2.html. A number of research analysts recently weighed in on HVT shares. Sidoti started coverage on Haverty Furniture Companies in a report on Friday, February 3rd. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered Haverty Furniture Companies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. In other Haverty Furniture Companies news, insider Rawson Haverty, Jr. sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.56, for a total transaction of $338,400.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 82,331 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,857,387.36. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, VP Jenny H. Parker sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $22.80, for a total transaction of $136,800.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 28,209 shares in the company, valued at $643,165.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 10.51% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Haverty Furniture Companies Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc is a specialty retailer of residential furniture and accessories. The Company sells home furnishings in its retail stores and through its Website havertys.com. The Company has over 120 stores in approximately 20 states in the southern and Midwest regions with over 4.4 million square feet retail store space. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HVT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (NYSE:HVT). Receive News & Ratings for Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Haverty Furniture Companies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Williams-Sonoma Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Toro Co (TTC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Cleveland Research XO Group Inc (XOXO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Headwaters Inc (HW) Short Interest Update JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Price Target to $64.00 Twitter Inc (TWTR) Price Target Cut to $14.00 CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Capitala Finance Corp (CPTA) Declares $0.13 Monthly Dividend Capitala Finance Corp to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.13 (CPTA) KNOT Offshore Partners LP (KNOP) Receives $21.75 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) Director Sells $10,806,580.75 in Stock Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Insider Sells $8,162,935.56 in Stock InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Receives “Equal weight” Rating from Barclays PLC Shore Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for IFG Group PLC (IFP) Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Provident Financial plc (PFG) Liberum Capital Raises Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 135 Liberum Capital Raises Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 135 Medley Management Inc (MDLY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Bayer AG (BAYRY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Price Target to $64.00 April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE:WSM) had its price objective lifted by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $60.00 to $64.00 in a report released on Monday. The brokerage presently has an “overweight” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 17.91% from the company’s current price. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Williams-Sonoma from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, January 7th. Wedbush dropped their price objective on shares of Williams-Sonoma from $53.00 to $48.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Robert W. Baird lowered shares of Williams-Sonoma from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $44.00 price objective on shares of Williams-Sonoma and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Loop Capital started coverage on shares of Williams-Sonoma in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $54.00 price objective on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have assigned a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $56.06. Shares of Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) opened at 54.28 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $4.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.92 and a beta of 0.97. Williams-Sonoma has a 1-year low of $45.96 and a 1-year high of $61.97. The company’s 50-day moving average is $49.23 and its 200 day moving average is $49.95. Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 15th. The company reported $1.55 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.51 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $1.58 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.61 billion. Williams-Sonoma had a net margin of 5.93% and a return on equity of 26.59%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.55 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Williams-Sonoma will post $3.55 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Friday, April 28th will be issued a dividend of $0.39 per share. This is an increase from Williams-Sonoma’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.37. This represents a $1.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.87%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, April 26th. Williams-Sonoma’s dividend payout ratio is currently 44.18%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Price Target to $64.00” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/jpmorgan-chase-co-increases-williams-sonoma-inc-wsm-price-target-to-64-00.html. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. HL Financial Services LLC increased its stake in Williams-Sonoma by 24.5% in the third quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 4,888 shares of the company’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 963 shares in the last quarter. Tirschwell & Loewy Inc. increased its stake in Williams-Sonoma by 3.8% in the third quarter. Tirschwell & Loewy Inc. now owns 206,075 shares of the company’s stock valued at $10,526,000 after buying an additional 7,475 shares in the last quarter. Boston Advisors LLC increased its stake in Williams-Sonoma by 73.5% in the third quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 494,216 shares of the company’s stock valued at $25,245,000 after buying an additional 209,388 shares in the last quarter. Grimes & Company Inc. purchased a new stake in Williams-Sonoma during the third quarter valued at about $6,518,000. Finally, AGF Investments Inc. purchased a new stake in Williams-Sonoma during the third quarter valued at about $16,924,000. 98.01% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Williams-Sonoma Company Profile Williams-Sonoma, Inc is a multi-channel specialty retailer of products for the home. The Company operates retail stores in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, Australia and the United Kingdom. It operates through two segments: e-commerce and retail. The e-commerce segment has various merchandising strategies, such as Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, West Elm, PBteen, Williams-Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, which sell its products through the Company’s e-commerce Websites and direct-mail catalogs. Receive News & Ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esperion Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Short Interest in Agrium Inc. (AGU) Decreases By 40.8% P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Alstom SA (ALO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (ULE) Insider Rakesh Sharma Purchases 7 Shares of Stock Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Insider John Rogers Acquires 46 Shares Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Insider Andrew Formica Buys 64 Shares easyJet plc (EZJ) Insider Andrew Findlay Buys 160 Shares Shire PLC (SHP) Insider William Burns Acquires 136 Shares of Stock St. James's Place plc (STJ) to Issue Dividend of GBX 20.67 on May 12th St. James's Place plc (STJ) to Issue Dividend of GBX 20.67 on May 12th BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Fiera Capital Corp (FSZ) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms “Market Perform” Rating for Finning International Inc. (FTT) OceanaGold’s (OGC) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Guardian Capital Group Ltd. (GCG) Earns Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Exfo’s (EXF) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) PT Set at €15.50 by equinet AG Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Esperion Therapeutics (ESPR) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates April 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ: ESPR): 3/21/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics had its price target raised by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $22.00 to $50.00. 3/21/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics had its price target raised by analysts at Citigroup Inc to $77.00. 3/20/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was given a new $39.00 price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $50.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $22.00. 3/20/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was upgraded by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating. They now have a $29.00 price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics had its price target raised by analysts at Needham & Company LLC from $25.00 to $58.00. They now have a “strong-buy” rating on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $45.00 price target on the stock. 3/18/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was given a new $25.00 price target on by analysts at Needham & Company LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/13/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was given a new $39.00 price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/2/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. It focused on the research, development and commercialization of therapies for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. is based in Plymouth, Michigan. “ 2/28/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was upgraded by analysts at Citigroup Inc from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $39.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $14.00. 2/24/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating. According to Zacks, “Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company. It focused on the research, development and commercialization of therapies for low-density lipoprotein cholesterol and other cardiometabolic risk factors. Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. is based in Plymouth, Michigan. “ 2/23/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics had its “sector perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a $30.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $20.00. 2/7/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was given a new $20.00 price target on by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 2/4/2017 – Esperion Therapeutics was given a new $25.00 price target on by analysts at Needham & Company LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Shares of Esperion Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ESPR) opened at 36.13 on Wednesday. Esperion Therapeutics Inc has a 12-month low of $9.40 and a 12-month high of $48.21. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $31.03 and a 200 day moving average price of $17.35. The stock’s market cap is $814.91 million. Esperion Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ESPR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.29) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.24) by $0.05. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.58) earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Esperion Therapeutics Inc will post ($6.08) earnings per share for the current year. In other news, Director Dov A. Md Goldstein sold 800,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.66, for a total value of $33,328,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Gilbert S. Omenn acquired 1,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was acquired at an average price of $42.26 per share, for a total transaction of $42,260.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 10,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $422,600. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 35.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. Esperion Therapeutics, Inc is a lipid management company. The Company is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing once-daily, oral therapies for the treatment of patients with elevated low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (LDL-C). With a targeted mechanism of action, bempedoic acid, the Company’s lead product candidate, is an orally available, once-daily adenosine triphosphate (ATP)-citrate lyase (ACL) inhibitor that reduces cholesterol biosynthesis and lowers elevated levels of LDL-C by up-regulating the LDL receptor, but with reduced potential for muscle-related side effects. Receive News & Ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esperion Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS Board meeting ahead: Reliance Defence, Kinetic Engg jump up to 11% We will touch Rs 1000-cr revenue mark in 1-2 years: Sorab Agarwal, ACE Gold price: Find all the latest trends and news about Gold Phoenix Mills surges 7% as realtor partners with CPPIB Gold, silver trade higher; likely to remain volatile ahead Divi’s Lab, Ramco, Idea among top 25 BSE wealth destroyers of FY17 Just follow these tips; you won’t care if Nifty is at its peak or not Australia shares tumble tracking Wall Street; NZ rises Something is wrong with the US: Dimon Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 12:04 PM | 06 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,887-87.51 NIFTY 50 9,238-26.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,929124.00 USD/INR 64.990.11 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty trade negative ahead of RBI policy outcome Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW We all take what central banks say about equity markets with a grain of salt: James Glassman, JPMorgan Chase By ET Now | Updated: Apr 06, 2017, 09.56 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Wall Street | US | markets | India | europe | et now | economy " The market pretty much is priced to the idea that the Fed is going to move, the Fed wants to raise the rate gradually up to about 3%." Tax Alert: Fake rent receipts won't help you anymore In a chat with ET Now, James Glassman, JPMorgan Chase &Co, says when global economy is doing better, then emerging markets generally do substantially better than the developed economies. Edited excerpts: An interesting takeaway from the Fed minutes is the fact that they are a little concerned about the markets being overvalued. Is that a hint that maybe the rate hikes are going to be more consistent and even larger in the quantum? I do not think their opinion about the equity markets matter that much. We have 7 billion investors potentially around the world that have their own say. Central banks do not know what the market should be. The reason the market is where it is because we have had a change of guard and the market is anticipating things are going to happen. Based on the current reality, the market does look a little expensive. We all take what central banks say about equity markets with a grain of salt; their job is to focus on the fundamental performance of the economy and remove accommodation that is no longer needed. So the market was taken aback by the minutes. I do not know why they would be because we have been talking about the possibility of the Fed starting to wind down their balance sheet sometime later this year or next year and still see radical issues with the Fed. They are speaking about various options but the market reaction is kind of strange because if the central bank is going to wind down its balance sheet, you would think long term interest rates would be moving up because the whole purpose of buying assets was to bring risk on and yet what we have is long rates refusing to budge and it is the equity markets that is taking a response. So in a few days, we will see what the real reaction is. There is nothing that happened today that looks sensible relative to the potential surprise that people thought they saw in the minutes. One of the things we do know is if nothing else, the Fed is going to be very cautious. They have been talking about three hikes this year. They may instead skip on one of the hikes and start the process of not reinvesting or starting the processing of bringing down the balance sheet but that remains to be seen and the key thing is this is all going to be very managed and focussed on the performance of the economy. As long as the economy is slowing, it appears that this process of slowly unwinding monetary accommodation is going to continue. We have already got the idea. The market pretty much is priced to the idea that the Fed is going to move, the Fed wants to raise the rate gradually up to about 3%. What is unknown is what they are going to do about the balance sheet and that has always been sort of the unknown here and it is not until they really start the process that the markets are going to be able to make their judgement on this. Maybe that is why the bond market did react today. In the event that we do see a bit of a u-turn from Wall Street, do you sense that this could hamper the fund flows into emerging markets? For instance, India has seen dollops of money pouring in year to date in the last three months itself? I doubt it. I think this is very momentary thing that we have got in the market and it happens many times. For the emerging markets and particularly for India and China, the region is growing at 6.5-7.5% and that is what we are projecting for this year. With that kind of performance and with monetary accommodation in Japan, US and Europe still very accommodative, it is hard to believe that this is going to stop people from continuing these flows that you have been seeing. So the investor flows are going to be driven more by the fundamentals and as the global economy appears to be picking up again, when the global economy is doing better, then emerging markets generally doing substantially better than the developed economies because they are growing two or three times as fast. The opportunities are still very attractive and that will probably dominate. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers 28 Celebrity Car Collections Worth Millions History Garage You Won't Find Underwear Like This Anywhere Else... The Weekly Brief | Mack WeldonMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Strategy Game Phenomenon of 2017 Vikings: Free Online Game 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Women like you love shoes like these Clarks Give Your Child Whole Life Insurance—Babyhood to Adultho.. Gerber Life Insurance Company TCS COO, NG Subramaniam sees healthy demand in a tough FY18 Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale China cautioned over Silk Road projects in disputed regions READ MORE ON » Wall Street | US | markets | India | europe | et now | economy To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Guess it! Over 70% analysts have ‘buy’ rating on this multibagger banking stock Sensex scales Mt 30K: 5 facts that sum up 16% rally from December low Rs 4,000 crore SIP flow is okay, but who will tackle fund mart’s next big challenge RBI policy: Rate cut is not in focus this time around; something else is What RBI can really do to suck out the Rs 4 lakh crore excess cash from system More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRBI Policy|IPL 2017 BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AveXis Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Bonds Drop 1.2% During Trading Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Bonds Drop 1.2% During Trading Middlefield Banc Corp (MBCN) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Marathon Patent Group (MARA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Logitech International SA (LOGI) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.05 Marathon Patent Group (MARA) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Nuveen Energy MLP Total Return Fund (JMF) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.27 $0.63 Earnings Per Share Expected for Baidu Inc (BIDU) This Quarter Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells $176,000.00 in Stock bluebird bio Inc (BLUE) Insider David Davidson Sells 3,000 Shares Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells $176,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Anticipate Lockheed Martin Co. (LMT) Will Post Earnings of $2.72 Per Share Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.64 Per Share Msci Inc (MSCI) COO Sells $203,030.01 in Stock Msci Inc (MSCI) COO Sells $203,030.01 in Stock Insider Selling: Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Director Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. (AEIS) Director Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) VP Sukumar Nagendran sold 1,781 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.13, for a total transaction of $135,587.53. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 1,781 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $135,587.53. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $75.37. 264,527 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. AveXis Inc has a one year low of $20.51 and a one year high of $85.98. The company’s 50-day moving average is $68.82 and its 200 day moving average is $56.78. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.09 billion. AveXis (NASDAQ:AVXS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, March 16th. The company reported ($0.92) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.12. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($1.82) EPS. Equities analysts predict that AveXis Inc will post ($4.10) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/insider-selling-avexis-inc-avxs-vp-sells-1781-shares-of-stock.html. AVXS has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Chardan Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price objective on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $79.00 to $92.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price objective (up from $85.00) on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $91.00 to $108.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AveXis from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $85.33. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 377.1% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 32,444 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,337,000 after buying an additional 25,644 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 7.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 37,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,531,000 after buying an additional 2,475 shares in the last quarter. GAM Holding AG bought a new stake in shares of AveXis during the third quarter worth about $1,212,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 49.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 421,888 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,386,000 after buying an additional 140,363 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 52.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 46,238 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,905,000 after buying an additional 15,852 shares in the last quarter. 68.31% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About AveXis AveXis, Inc, formerly Biolife Cell Bank, Inc, is a clinical-stage gene therapy company. The Company operates through developing and commercializing gene therapy treatments for patients suffering from neurological genetic diseases segment. The Company’s product candidate, AVXS-101, is its gene therapy product candidate that is in a Phase I clinical trial for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) Type 1, which is a genetic disorder characterized by motor neuron loss and associated muscle deterioration. Receive News & Ratings for AveXis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Insider Selling: AveXis Inc (AVXS) VP Sells 1,781 Shares of Stock April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) VP Sukumar Nagendran sold 1,781 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $76.13, for a total transaction of $135,587.53. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 1,781 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $135,587.53. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. AveXis Inc (NASDAQ:AVXS) traded down 0.38% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $75.37. 264,527 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. AveXis Inc has a one year low of $20.51 and a one year high of $85.98. The company’s 50-day moving average is $68.82 and its 200 day moving average is $56.78. The firm’s market capitalization is $2.09 billion. AveXis (NASDAQ:AVXS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, March 16th. The company reported ($0.92) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.80) by $0.12. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned ($1.82) EPS. Equities analysts predict that AveXis Inc will post ($4.10) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/insider-selling-avexis-inc-avxs-vp-sells-1781-shares-of-stock.html. AVXS has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Chardan Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a $100.00 price objective on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $79.00 to $92.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. BMO Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price objective (up from $85.00) on shares of AveXis in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised their price objective on shares of AveXis from $91.00 to $108.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of AveXis from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $85.33. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. TD Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 377.1% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 32,444 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,337,000 after buying an additional 25,644 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 7.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 37,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,531,000 after buying an additional 2,475 shares in the last quarter. GAM Holding AG bought a new stake in shares of AveXis during the third quarter worth about $1,212,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 49.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 421,888 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,386,000 after buying an additional 140,363 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its stake in shares of AveXis by 52.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 46,238 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,905,000 after buying an additional 15,852 shares in the last quarter. 68.31% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About AveXis AveXis, Inc, formerly Biolife Cell Bank, Inc, is a clinical-stage gene therapy company. The Company operates through developing and commercializing gene therapy treatments for patients suffering from neurological genetic diseases segment. The Company’s product candidate, AVXS-101, is its gene therapy product candidate that is in a Phase I clinical trial for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (SMA) Type 1, which is a genetic disorder characterized by motor neuron loss and associated muscle deterioration. Receive News & Ratings for AveXis Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AveXis Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Markets Right Now: An early rally evaporates on Wall Street By The Associated Press Apr 5, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago The latest on developments in financial markets (All times local): 4:00 p.m. Stocks gave up an early gain and ended lower on Wall Street after the Federal Reserve indicated it could start reducing its bond holdings. Banks led the declines Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase lost 1.3 percent. The market had been broadly higher most of the day but started to turn lower after minutes released from the Fed's last policy meeting indicated the central bank might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. The Fed bought large amounts of bonds during the financial crisis to stimulate the economy. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352. It was up 18 points earlier. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 41 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648. The Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864. ___ 3:45 p.m. An early rally is evaporating as U.S. stocks surrender their gains while banks plunge along with bond yields and interest rates. The sell-off began late Wednesday after the Federal Reserve suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent, down from 2.38 percent shortly before the minutes were released. That helped send banks lower. JPMorgan Chase lost 1 percent. The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 4 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,356. It was up 18 points earlier. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 29 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,661. The Nasdaq composite fell 30 points, or 0.5 percent, to 5,868. ___ Stocks are solidly higher in midday trading, led by gains in industrial companies and retailers. Investors were encouraged Wednesday by a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong last month. Panera Bread soared 13.8 percent after the sandwich and soup chain agreed to be bought by European conglomerate JAB for more than $7 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 12 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,372. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 132 points, or 0.6 percent, to 20,821. The Nasdaq composite increased 24 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,922. ___ 11:45 a.m. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Stocks are solidly higher in midday trading, led by gains in industrial companies and retailers. Investors were encouraged Wednesday by a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong last month. Panera Bread soared 13.8 percent after the sandwich and soup chain agreed to be bought by European conglomerate JAB for more than $7 billion. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 12 points, or 0.5 percent, to 2,372. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 132 points, or 0.6 percent, to 20,821. The Nasdaq composite increased 24 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,922. ___ 9:35 a.m. Stocks are opening broadly higher on Wall Street, led by gains in banks and energy companies. Investors were encouraged Wednesday by a report that private employers stepped up hiring in the U.S. last month. Panera Bread jumped 13.6 percent after the company agreed to be acquired by JAB Holdings, which also owns Peet's Coffee & Tea and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 6 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,366. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 77 points, or 0.4 percent, to 20,771. The Nasdaq composite increased 13 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,912. Bond prices fell slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.37 percent. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Coffee Markets Soft Commodity Markets Commodity Markets Financial Markets Snacks Manufacturing Food Manufacturing Food, Beverage And Tobacco Products Manufacturing Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Lead Markets Base Metal Markets Metal Markets Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Flour And Baked Goods Manufacturing Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Latest in section Nobel laureate Toni Morrison honored with literary award Closing arguments set in ex-NFL star's double murder trial Ohio prosecutor plans to discuss nightclub shooting case Man linked to art heist to plead guilty in unrelated case Today in History More on this topic Nobel laureate Toni Morrison honored with literary award Closing arguments set in ex-NFL star's double murder trial Ohio prosecutor plans to discuss nightclub shooting case Man linked to art heist to plead guilty in unrelated case Today in History Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Community tips lead to arrest in Portage rape Valparaiso man dies in Merrillville car crash Child sex extortion investigation launched in LaPorte County Police investigating sexual assault at Portage park Hammond gas station robbed at gunpoint Currents Food and Cooking Breakfast cereals with more sugar than a scoop of ice cream Baseball Ranking the MLB's best offenses for 2017 Entertainment The Internet is not impressed with Kendall Jenner's protest Pepsi ad Today’s top pics: Death toll rises in Columbia and more Your daily 6: Advertisers abandon O'Reilly, big backlash for Pepsi and attack toll climbs Today In History, April 5: Allen Ginsberg Today's Birthdays, April 5: Roger Corman Curry scores 42, Warriors clinch West with win over Suns LEADING OFF: Stroman coming off WBC MVP; Harvey, Tebow debut Peralta, 3 HRs lift Brewers past Rockies 6-1 Colon sharp at old home, Kemp leads Braves over Mets in 12 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant 701 East Clark Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads ROUND THE CLOCK / CHESTERTON 1607 SOUTH CALUMET AVE, CHESTERTON, IN 46304 OBSTETRICAL & GYNECOLOGICAL ASSOC INC 1101 E GLENDALE MED CTR STE 102, VALPARAISO, IN 46383 Lynn's Bedroom City MERRIVLLVILLE 1862 W 81st Ave, Merrillville, IN 46410 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Ryan Spangler- State Farm FREE GIFT CARD when you call State Farm Insurance Agent, Ryan Spangler, about your insurance options! Updated Mar 30, 2017 United Starter & Alternator, LLC Starter, alternator & generator repairs! United Starter & Alternator can help you! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 Updated Mar 30, 2017 Lawn Doctor of West Lake County You Can Have the Best Lawn On the Block. Call Lawn Doctor of West Lake County Today for a FREE On Site Evaluation Today 219-440-7098 Updated Mar 30, 2017 Jamila D. Miller, D.D.S., M.S.D. Are you missing teeth and need a permanent solution? Call Dr. Jamila Miller today at 219-836-4214! We treat special people, with special needs, in a special way! Updated Mar 30, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase 2017 Proxy Statement JPMorgan Chase 2017 Proxy Statement Wednesday, 5 April 2017 (11 hours ago) NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. ("JPMorgan Chase" or the "Firm") has released its 2017 Proxy Statement. The Proxy Statement is now available on the Firm’s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/annual-report-proxy. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Recent related news JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise PriceNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) (the “Firm”) has made an announcement regarding an adjustment to the Exercise Price for the... Business Wire 1 day ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •Reuters JPMorgan Chase building big new campus, landing 4,000 jobs in Tempe; shifting some jobs from Chase Tower downtownJPMorgan Chase & Co. is developing a big new 67-acre campus in Tempe with plans of eventually locating more 4,000 jobs there. Chase (NYSE: JPM) will land the big... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business Exec: Two years in, and JPMorgan Chase has its Raleigh dream teamNearly two years into its Triangle tenure and JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) has the hires in place to compete. That’s according to Brent Gore, the bank's market... bizjournals 3 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •Business Wire Here’s where Chase is opening new branches in FloridaChase will open 16 new branch offices in Florida this year, including in the Jacksonville area. Chase, the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Chase pulls YouTube ads, sees little change in impressionsAdvertising dollars were being wasted at JPMorgan Chase & Co. At least that's what appears to be the case after the New York banking giant pulled all digital ads... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Greater Phoenix Chamber could move out of Chase TowerThe Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce is considering a move out of the Chase Tower building in downtown Phoenix. Chase Tower is the tallest building in... bizjournals 9 hours ago - Business Other recent news in Press Releases Virginia HEALTH CARE Foundation Launches Free-Medicines Mobile App with Support from Owens & Minor EOS imaging Announces First Sale of EOS System in ISRAEL JASON ALDEAN Unveils Madame Tussauds Nashville Wax Figure During Academy of Country Music Awards™ Weekend PANERA BREAD COMPANY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces Investigation Of Buyout BOSTON RED SOX and Museum of Science, Boston Begin Multi-year Partnership MCAFEE Labs Report Highlights Critical Challenges to Threat Intelligent Sharing Mark R. Lonneman Named President of American EMPIRE Surplus Lines Insurance Company Arconic Announces Cash Tender Offers by CITIGROUP Global Markets Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC for up to $1,000,000,000 Aggregate Principal Amount of Arconic’s Outstanding Debt Securities It’s Reigning Cats and Dogs in Petplan PET INSURANCE’s Tournament of Tails Guaranteed Rate and CHICAGO WHITE SOX Partner for Guaranteed Impact Program; Kids Positively Impacting Their Communities to Be Celebrated with Complimentary Suite at Guaranteed Rate Field Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Bashar al-Assad Aung San Suu Kyi Melania Trump Current Topics New Zealand Australia Presidents Bartolo Colon Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has Jurassic Park Been Found Down Under? Is This The Smallest UK Box Office Gross Of All Time? MOVIE REVIEW: The Boss Baby Get Ready To Morph Again - There's Even More Power Rangers Movies Planned MOVIE REVIEW: Smurfs: The Lost Village Disney Is Being Sued Over Zootopia - And They're Confident They'll Win Krispy Kreme Is Having To Rebrand Itself Abroad - Because One Country Isn't Sure How To Pronounce It Donald Trump Signed a Bill To Boost NASA's Exploration Funding - But Elon Musk Isn't Too Optimistic Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon is seen on March 9. (Christophe Morin / Bloomberg) ‘Something is wrong’ in US, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon says Wed Apr 5th, 2017 3:41pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Jena McGregor, The Washington Post JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said Tuesday that his closely watched annual letter to investors was written with shareholders, employees and the community in mind. But other parties might be interested in what he has to say: the White House and Congress, as the high-profile banker sounded off on policy issues in his investor letter in a very big way. “This is the first time I probably ever took on public policy as just a main theme,” Dimon said in an interview with Yahoo Finance’s Andy Serwer at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce on Tuesday after the letter’s release. “I’ve mentioned it before many times, but this is the first time I put it down and said I’m going to deal with public policy.” Dimon devoted one of three sections — 12 of the letter’s 45 pages — to a wide-ranging policy blueprint, as well as another 15 pages focused specifically on financial regulation. In the policy section, he weighs in on topics including education and infrastructure, immigration and corporate taxes, speaking out about labor participation, spending on wars and student lending. And though he maintains that the United States is an “exceptional” country, with the world’s best military, hospitals, universities and an entrepreneurial culture, the typically optimistic CEO also wrote that “something is wrong” in America, spelling out a host of concerns regarding the challenges the country faces. “Making this list was an upsetting exercise,” he wrote. Trump advisory council Dimon, a member of President Donald Trump’s CEO advisory council whose name was floated as a possible Treasury Secretary in the Trump administration and who has contributed to Democrats in the past, joins other high-profile CEOs who’ve devoted parts of their investor letters this year to policy or politics. In February, Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett promoted the U.S. economy’s dynamism, pointing out the value of immigrants and entitlements, while General Electric CEO Jeffrey Immelt zeroed in on trade, warning the country will be “less of a leader in trade” while expressing hope about some of the new policies. Dimon said he thinks business has a responsibility to weigh in. Though some CEOs “don’t want to do that because they don’t want to be a target,” he said in the interview at the Chamber, “I think it’s particularly important for business today to take an active role in trying to fix the problems that this country does have.” Like Buffett and Immelt, Dimon did not identify Trump by name, but wrote about policies that reveal how his views compare with the administration’s. Like the president, Dimon said he “strongly disagrees” with economists who think the country is stuck with slower growth and lower productivity. For example, factors such as rising health-care costs and defaults on student loans, which aren’t usually reflected in economic models, have likely hurt growth. Working to improve those issues could help the economy. He said the “regulatory environment is unnecessarily complex, costly and sometimes confusing” and wrote in favor of corporate tax reform, saying the current system “is driving capital and brains overseas.” Populist forces He also echoed an understanding, at least, of the populist forces that drove Trump’s campaign. Factors such as declining wages, high health care costs and income inequality “all have created deep frustration,” he wrote, as well as a “disenchantment” with trade and globalization. “It is understandable why so many are angry at the leaders of America’s institutions, including businesses, schools and governments — they are right to expect us to do a better job. Collectively, we are the ones responsible.” In the interview, Dimon also spoke directly about Trump and some of his policies, saying, for instance, that Trump is right about unfair trade practices with China: “I hate to tell you, he’s right. We all know that. The Chinese know it. They steal intellectual property. There’s cybersecurity. There are very high tariffs for certain things.” He also said he is “somewhat optimistic” on issues such as corporate taxes, infrastructure and regulations, where he thinks the Trump administration “is on the right track.” Geopolitical risk Yet Dimon also cited areas that reveal where there are differences. Dimon listed “anti-globalization sentiment” — a sentiment that helped sweep Trump to victory — as a major geopolitical risk to his company. Trump made “buy American, hire American” a line in his inauguration speech and plans to restrict highly skilled foreign workers; Dimon called it “alarming” that some 40 percent of students who get advanced degrees in areas such as science and mathematics “are foreign nationals with no legal way of staying here even when many would choose to do so.” On financial regulation, Dimon was also clear that he did not think “the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules” should be thrown out, noting that factors like more coordinated oversight and laws that let regulators unwind failing banks have made the system stronger, even suggesting the “too big to fail” problem had essentially been solved. Dimon did, however, cite rules that he thinks need to be reworked, such as creating more consistent and simplified capital standards. In his letter, Dimon dug into a host of other concerns he thinks society is facing, from infrastructure problems to lower labor participation rates to education, which he cited as particularly distressing. Schools are failing “We should be ringing the national alarm bell that inner city schools are failing our children,” he wrote, calling for more partnerships between business and schools and more vocational training. In his interview at the Chamber, Dimon had particularly strong words, saying the nation’s leaders were to blame and calling problems with the education system a “national emergency” that should be treated like World War II or smallpox. “This is a slow train wreck,” he said. While there, he also admitted that he did get “a lot of complaints” from people who opposed his participation on Trump’s advisory group. While he said he “absolutely” does not agree with all of Trump’s policies — joking that “Mr. Trump doesn’t agree with everything he’s said himself” — he also had an answer for those critics. “Here’s what I told everybody: When you get on the airplane, you better be rooting for the success of the pilot,” he said. “I’m a patriot. I will do what I can to help the United States of America. And that includes helping whoever’s president.”   Most Read What's Up With That? From ‘Shark Tank’ to Costco: Is Squatty Potty a bunch of crap? I was lost in Costco nirvana, filling my cart with mega deals… Apr 4th, 2017 by Andrea Brown Loaded guns found near Everett school may be tied to drive-by EVERETT — Police investigating a drive-by shooting in south Everett unearthed two… Apr 4th, 2017 by Diana Hefley City to fight sex offender’s request for bikini-barista video EVERETT — The city is going to court, hoping for some help… Apr 4th, 2017 by Scott North Julie Muhlstein Home from war 50 years ago, he met his love and bought a car Bob Banks needn’t go far to see cherished reminders of April 1967.… Apr 5th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Mukilteo roofing company cited for ‘willful’ safety violations MUKILTEO — A Mukilteo roofing company faces $645,000 in fines for reportedly… Apr 4th, 2017 by Jim Davis © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intertek Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intertek Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Petroquest Energy Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PQ) Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Given New GBX 4,329 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Downgraded to “Hold” at Credit Suisse Group AG HFF, Inc. (HF) Receives Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Republic Services, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (RSG) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Metlife Inc Issued By FBR & Co (MET) Lear Co. (LEA) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Given “Sector Weight” Rating at KeyCorp Associated Banc Corp’s (ASB) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Owens Corning to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.81 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (OC) Analysts Set Expectations for Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MAA) Research Analysts Set Expectations for Inventure Foods Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (SNAK) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Graphic Packaging Holding Company Cut by Analyst (GPK) Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.53 Per Share FY2017 Earnings Forecast for AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI) Issued By FBR & Co Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Downgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc to “Buy” SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Given New GBX 4,329 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) had its price target hoisted by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 3,861 ($48.20) to GBX 4,329 ($54.04) in a report published on Tuesday. The firm currently has an overweight rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Numis Securities Ltd raised their target price on shares of Intertek Group plc from GBX 3,000 ($37.45) to GBX 3,500 ($43.69) and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Royal Bank of Canada raised their target price on shares of Intertek Group plc from GBX 3,100 ($38.70) to GBX 3,200 ($39.95) and gave the company an underperform rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued an underperform rating on shares of Intertek Group plc in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Citigroup Inc reissued a sell rating on shares of Intertek Group plc in a report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc raised their target price on shares of Intertek Group plc from GBX 3,140 ($39.20) to GBX 3,520 ($43.94) and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Monday, March 13th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Intertek Group plc currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 3,709.27 ($46.30). Intertek Group plc (LON:ITRK) traded down 0.20% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching GBX 3950.00. 169,788 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 6.36 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 3,732.65 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 3,496.20. Intertek Group plc has a 52 week low of GBX 3,037.39 and a 52 week high of GBX 4,026.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/intertek-group-plc-itrk-given-new-gbx-4329-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a dividend of GBX 43 ($0.54) per share. This represents a yield of 1.14%. This is a positive change from Intertek Group plc’s previous dividend of $19.40. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. Intertek Group plc Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Intertek Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intertek Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Jamie Dimon's Annual Letter Has A Central Theme: Something's Wrong In America Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 05, 2017 2:41pm   Comments Share: Related JPM JPMorgan, Tiffany's, Time Warner, Retail ETF: Fast Money Picks For April 5 JPMorgan, Mondelez, Mylan: Fast Money Picks For April 4 Stocks Open Higher On Jobs Data; Panera Spikes On Buyout (Investor's Business Daily) According to JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon, there's "something wrong" with America. In Dimon's annual letter to shareholders, he said the country's problems are "significant" and doesn't stem from one single political party. He argued that a "coherent, consistent, comprehensive and coordinated' approach to tackle the problems are much needed. What Are The Problems? Dimon highlighted low wage growth, high healthcare costs, the over-regulation of businesses, crumbling infrastructure, a degrading education system and taxes. All these factors combined are "leaving too many" people behind while American companies are becoming less competitive in the global market. Needless to say, these issues have left many people frustrating but this is "understandable." After all, it's right for America's businesses, schools and people to demand the current administration do a better job. But America and Americans are resilient and can overcome anything. Dimon highlighted JPMorgan's 48 percent return in its stock over the past year as a clear signal investors expect the reversal of the many sources of frustrations. Of particular note, Dimon didn't mention President Trump by name despite being on the president's business advisory council Dimon also talked about JPMorgan's own business and stated that every one of its core businesses gained market share over the past year. He said a stock buyback is something he would prefer to continue although the current level represents double the stock's book value. "We believe we have substantial opportunities in the decades ahead to drive organic growth in our company," Dimon said. "We have confidence in the underlying growth in the U.S. and global economies, which will fuel the growth in our customer base." See Also: Trump Says He'll 'Spend A Lot Of Money' On Schools, Despite Promising Billions In Education Cuts 10 Companies Whose Insiders Purchased The Most Stock In 2016 Posted-In: Donald Trump Jamie Dimon Jamie Dimon LetterPolitics Psychology Media General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (SPY + JPM) JPMorgan, Tiffany's, Time Warner, Retail ETF: Fast Money Picks For April 5 Trump Says He'll 'Spend A Lot Of Money' On Schools, Despite Promising Billions In Education Cuts Richmond Fed President Jeffrey Lacker Resigns After Admitting To 2012 Leak West Coast, East Coast: Ken Schiciano Breaks Down Different Fintech Philosophies Apple's Contribution To The S&P 500 Index, Explained JPMorgan, Mondelez, Mylan: Fast Money Picks For April 4 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JPM Trending Recent 1 KATE, NVDA: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 GBT, CRVS: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 3 AMZN, TWLO: Trip Chowdhry: Twilio's Broken Fundamentals, P... 4 STX, INTC: March PC Shipments Exceed Forecasts, Bode... 5 WOR, BYSI: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Dow... 6 ALR, ISCA: Stocks To Watch For Apri... 7 JBLU, SNAP: This Week'... 1 PLUG, GBX: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Greenbrier Rises On Upbeat Results; Unilif... 2 WTW, GOOGL: Will Alibaba Buy Yelp? Not Likely 3 MSGN, VZ: MSG Networks Downgraded By Macquarie Amid Sale Talks 4 CGI: Prescience Point Report Claims Celadon Group Is Wo... 5 C, WFC: Citigroup, Wells Fargo Upped By KBW Ahead Of... 6 WEN, QSR: The 5 Biggest Restaurant M&As 7 AAPL: The Latest iPhone Rumor Suggests... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Greenbrier Rises On Upbeat Results; Unilife Shares Slide
Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPMorgan's head of new technologies hired by Lending Club What Dimon had to say about fintech in his annual letter The First Data-Fleetcor JV may trigger a long-awaited shift to digital gifting PayPal seeks graceful retreat in the subprime credit business List 7 ways AI is changing payments search goes here JPMorgan's head of new technologies hired by Lending Club Published April 04 2017, 9:38am EDT More in Blockchain Artificial intelligence Consumer lending JPMorgan Chase Lending Club Print Email Share Share on JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s head of new technologies has been hired by Lending Club Corp. as the peer-to-peer lending pioneer seeks to rebuild business following a scandal over its corporate controls. Santiago Suarez will join the San Francisco-based company as head of strategy and mergers and acquisitions, he said on Twitter. He was previously JPMorgan’s head of new product development and emerging technologies, a group he co-founded and which has helped the biggest U.S. bank experiment with the digital ledger known as blockchain as well as machine-learning techniques. Before that, he worked in JPMorgan’s corporate-strategy group — described by some bankers as a SWAT team deployed by Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon to take care of pressing issues in the business. IMAGE: Bloomberg News The high-profile hire is the latest by Lending Club, whose stock has tumbled by almost two-thirds from its listing price of $15 a share after the company found abuses tied to the sale of some of its loans, which led to the departure of its founder and former CEO Renaud Laplanche. It also comes as peer-to-peer lending grows more enmeshed with the Wall Street institutions its champions once eschewed, with the launch of Goldman Sachs Group Inc.’s own proprietary offering being but one example. Suarez declined to comment publicly when contacted by Bloomberg. He joins the company after taking a sabbatical from the bank. On LinkedIn, he said that currently he was “on leave traveling around the world on a bit of an adventure climbing mountains, rock faces, and the occasional ice sheet.” Lending Club didn’t immediately reply to a request for confirmation submitted after normal business hours. Lending Club, which uses an online platform to directly connect borrowers with lenders, has been seeking to restore its funding sources by selling bonds and re-establishing relationships with banks. Last month Scott Sanborn, the new CEO, said the company still intends to expand abroad and has “accomplished the foundational work required to prepare Lending Club for the growth to come.” Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Business Jamie Dimon Echoes Trump In Letter To Shareholders: ‘Something Is Wrong’ In America Robert Donachie Finance and Health Care Reporter 1:39 PM 04/05/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5574387 JP Morgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon told shareholders Tuesday many of the problems facing America today “have been self-inflicted,” echoing comments not unlike those typical of President Donald Trump. “America is probably stronger than ever before,” he said in an annual letter, before laying out many of the problems facing the country. He listed strengths of the country, including a stable system of law and order, a long-standing vibrant democracy and a hard working populous, but then shifted gears with an almost ominous statement. “It is clear something is wrong — And it’s holding us back.” The executive started sounding very similar to Trump on a few points: military spending, tax reform, infrastructure and the frustration felt by many Americans who are struggling economically. Trump has suggested that the U.S. frivolously spent trillions of dollars fighting wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Dimon also decried the amount of money spent funding our military endeavors in the Middle East. “Over the last 16 years, we have spent trillions of dollars on wars when we could have been investing that money productively,” he wrote. Trump has repeatedly promised to overhaul the U.S. tax code, which he believes cripples business and is causing companies to leave “our country rapidly.” “The unfairness of the tax laws is unbelievable,” Trump said at a campaign rally in Colorado in October, 2016. He plans to drastically slash the corporate tax rate and massively deregulate the economy to promote new business investment and growth. (RELATED: A Comprehensive Look At Trump’s Tax Plan) Dimon agreed in the letter, writing that the exorbitant U.S. corporate tax rate, one of the highest in the world, is “causing” our nation “considerable damage.” As a result of the high corporate tax rate, “American corporations are generally better off investing their capital overseas, where they can earn a higher return because of lower taxes,” he wrote. It isn’t just American businesses that are hurting from the tax system, consumers are taking a hit as well, according to Dimon. “One of the unintended consequences of high corporate taxes is that they actually depress wages in the United States,” Dimon wrote. “We must fix this for the benefit of American competitiveness and all Americans.” In line with Trump, Dimon believes reducing the corporate taxes would “incentivize business and investment.” The president and Dimon are also apparently on the same page regarding the pressing need for infrastructure improvements. “On infrastructure, the United States is behind most major developed countries, including the United Kingdom, France and Korea,” Dimon wrote. The executive points out the U.S. has not built a major airport in over two decades, while China has “built 75 new civilian airports in the last 10 years alone.” Likely to Dimon’s approval, Trump pledged Tuesday to spend up to $1 trillion rebuilding American roads, bridges and tunnels. (RELATED: Trump Pledges To Spend Up To $1 Trillion On Infrastructure) Dimon believes Americans are right to be angry, after getting left behind by the business and political elite. He used the examples of government-backed student loans and the lack of economic opportunity to make his point. “It is understandable why so many are angry at the leaders of America’s institutions, including businesses, schools and governments –they are right to expect us to do a better job,” Dimon wrote. “This can understandably lead to disenchantment with trade, globalization and even our free enterprise system, which for so many people seems not to have worked.” Dimon differs from Trump, however, in his views on international trade. The biggest “global risk” facing JP Morgan is the anti-free trade message pushed by the president and his affiliates, he said, a message that is gaining traction not only in the U.S. but around the globe. “De-globalization, Mexico and China. Anti-globalization sentiment is growing in parts of the world today, usually expressing itself in anti-trade and anti-immigration positions,” he wrote. To get back on track, we need to rebuild “trust and confidence in our institutions,” he wrote. Confidence in our system will be the “secret sauce” that will help our economy grow. Follow Robert on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Donald Trump, Jamie Dimon, JP Morgan Chase Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad "Junk"-rated debt could cost South Africa more than $10bn in lost funds By Reuters Published: 13:16 EDT, 5 April 2017 | Updated: 13:16 EDT, 5 April 2017 e-mail By Karin Strohecker LONDON, April 5 (Reuters) - If South Africa loses two of its prized investment grade credit ratings for foreign and local currency borrowing in the turmoil triggered by the sacking of the finance minister, the country could lose more than $10 billion in investment funds. S&amp;P Global has already struck. In an unscheduled review on Monday that prompted a selloff in South African assets, it cut the sovereign rating for external debt to BB+, one notch below investment grade - or "junk" status in market parlance. It cited the impact of the divisions in government that led to Pravin Gordhan's removal. Moody's later placed South Africa on review for downgrade. A third major international ratings firm Fitch warned that President Jacob Zuma's shake-up intensified political risk and signalled policy changes that could undermine its credit score. Being downgraded to junk by at least two agencies will see South Africa drop out of some widely used global bond indexes that rely on investment grades only and force international funds who track these or who are prohibited from holding sub-investment grade securities to sell. "The problem has just started in South Africa - there was a lot of complacency on the ratings shift," said Salman Ahmed, chief global strategist at Lombard Odier. The prospect of such a demotion is more imminent for hard currency debt, where Fitch's standing rating is just one notch above junk. The Moody's rating is two rungs above. But a bigger impact on the country's access to funds could come if two of the three agencies also demoninate the rand-denominated government debt as sub-investment grade. S&amp;P's local currency rating is just one level above junk as well, with Moody's two notches above. So far, only one of the six ratings - three for sovereign debt and three for local - from the major international ratings agencies has slipped into junk. JPMorgan - which compiles some of the most widely used emerging market debt indexes - estimates that a junk rating for South Africa's mostly dollar-denominated foreign currency Eurobonds could see forced selling of up to $2.4 billion. Roughly half the total would come from funds dedicated to investment grade emerging market debt, the other half from global investment grade bond funds, JPMorgan said, adding this was much less than the forced selling risk the bank had ascribed in recent years to Brazil at $6 billion or Turkey at $7 billion. "The more modest figure for South Africa is explained by the smaller bond stock, and therefore smaller weights particularly in widely used global bond indexes, coupled with an underweight positioning by investors," the bank said. LOCAL DANGER Yet South Africa's outstanding $14.6 billion hard-currency debt is just a 10th of total public government debt, with local sovereign bonds tallying up to 1.722 trillion rand ($125 billion), according to data from the National Treasury. For UBS, the real danger lies in local bond markets. In a note this week, UBS estimated some $10 billion of South African bond holdings are indexed to Citi's World Government Bond Index (WGBI), tracked by $3 trillion worldwide. JPMorgan, which compiles the GBI-EM IG-only index, said it estimated that a downgrade of local currency debt could lead to total index-related selling of as much as $8.5 billion. Inclusion in both indexes hinges on investment grade ratings on local debt from both Moody's and S&amp;P Global. Whle a formal index exclusion could take up to a year, many funds would likely exit the debt in advance. Partially offsetting that hit is the fact that countries which find themselves downgraded to junk - so-called "fallen angels" - often draw in a different investor base seeking higher yields and more speculative investments, said Nafez Zouk, senior economist at Oxford Economics. In other words, these fallen credits become bigger fish in smaller ponds. Some dedicated emerging market fund managers are waiting for those opportunities. "(South Africa's) trajectory is quite negative and is likely to continue to be negative until we see renewal in South African politics which could be a few years from now," said Jan Dehn at emerging market fund manager Ashmore Investment Management. "Even in a gradually deteriorating credit like South Africa, asset prices can move into oversold territory relative to the risk ... If prices fall enough that the credit has been oversold relative to how risky it is, then clearly that´s a buying opportunity." ($1 = 13.7390 rand) (Additional reporting by Sujata Rao in Moscow, Mfuneko Toyana in Johannesburg and Claire Milhench in London; Editing by Alison Williams) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Those twins will lead you a merry dance, Anton! Strictly star and his girlfriend beam as they leave hospital with their new arrivals for the first time Khloe Kardashian shows off taut tum in revealing lace bodysuit after filming scenes with Scott and Kourtney for KUWTK Not usual daywear 'He wanted to control everything:': Estranged Stephen Belafonte 'flew into a jealous rage' with Mel B over 'flirty' friendship with X Factor pal Cheryl Mel B is seen for the FIRST time since filing a restraining order against Stephen Belafonte... amid claims he 'hounded' her for threesomes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: US actress Brooke Burke goes TOPLESS as she splashes around in sexy white lace-up bathing suit during family vacation The little rich girl getting even richer by showing off  her enviable life: ALISON BOSHOFF reveals the secrets of Millie Mackintosh's success Gemma Collins, 36, breaks down in tears as she's told she can't freeze her eggs and is warned about her BMI level during emotional visit to the fertility clinic  No Pitt of despair! Beaming Brad arrives for premiere of The Lost City Of Z as he moves on from split from Angelina Jolie Looked on good form Mum-to-be Jennifer Metcalfe flaunts her burgeoning bump and gorgeous pregnancy curves in a black bikini on a babymoon with boyfriend Greg Lake 'What the actual f***?': Gaz Beadle mocks Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn for EPIC make-up disaster... as she also admits it was a 'bad time in me life' 'I haven't dated in a long time': Harry Styles reveals he's still on the lookout for love... as he admits his approach to romance was 'wrong and weird' No time to Turner round! TOWIE's Amber looks less than impressed as she runs into ex Jamie Reed and his gorgeous new girlfriend Jade Lewis 'I'm not a mug': TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou seethes as boyfriend James Lock misses his curfew... as shocked fans label her a 'bunny boiler' Thirsty? Rachel McCord goes topless during photo shoot for bottled water in Malibu There was not an inch to pinch on the 27-year-old model Stephen Belafonte calls Mel B's abuse allegations 'a smear campaign' and claims 'victims of domestic violence will be offended when truth comes out'  PICTURED: Stunning German nanny who Mel B claims 'abusive' husband Stephen Belafonte impregnated and paid $300,000 after she had abortion 'I was 100 percent faithful': Megan McKenna insists she hasn't cheated on ex Pete Wicks as they have crisis talks after their explosive split Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace reveals she's received begging letters and has been scammed online after appearing on How'd You Get So Rich? PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Now Lindsay Lohan wears a BURKINI: Mean Girls star hits the beach in modest swimwear in Thailand while studying Islam Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson turns up the heat as she strips naked for racy new shoot... but her nipples appear to have been airbrushed out Downton star Michelle Dockery rocks a corset and cowgirl hat for stunning Vogue shoot as she speaks out on her role in Netflix's 'feminist western' Godless She's still got it! Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her enviable physique as she continues to enjoy family getaway in St Barths Sported a blue bikini Here come the (Essex) girls! Chloe Lewis is joined by glamorous co-stars Courtney Green and Yazmin Oukhellou as they film TOWIE scenes in Colchester 'I was scared s***less': Kelly Osbourne reveals stage III neurological Lyme disease diagnosis in new memoir Caught it at her English home in 2004 Styles-ish arrival! Harry DANGLES mid-air from a helicopter as he shoots brave new scenes for eagerly anticipated solo debut video Sign Of The Times PICTURED: TOWIE's Megan McKenna is physically restrained as she ATTACKS ex Pete... amid claims 'they both cheated and he got close to Chloe Sims' Lottie love for him! Ms. Moss looks sartorially savvy as she cosies up to beau Alex Mytton... a week after blazing public row Stepping out Model sighting! Kate Moss proves hard to miss in bright green jumper and skinny jeans as she emerges in London sunshine Green  Mama June goes bra-free in NYC showing off boob job after 300lb weight loss as she tells GMA she works 'every day' to stay slender Feeling free Heidi's high life! Supermodel Klum shows off her athletic figure as she enjoys more fun in the sun on family Turks & Caicos vacation 'What's up, it's your boy!': Chris Pratt sings silly rap song about 180 calorie muffin after fasting to lose his 'love handles' for Jurassic World 2 'I'm gonna make him proud!' Slimmed down James Argent gushes about 'supportive' dad who visits him at Thai rehab during weight loss mission Chloe Sims looks stony-faced as she films TOWIE... after being caught in the middle of Pete Wicks and Megan McKenna's split Leigh-Anne Pinnock smooches Andre Grey in sweet snap... while TOWIE's Chris Clark begs Jesy Nelson to 'come home' as Little Mix pine for their men Mommy and me! Heavily pregnant Ciara brings son Future to visit the Easter bunny in LA just days before due date Looked ready to pop Precious cargo! Natalie Portman steps out with baby daughter Amalia for the first time Took the tiny tot to popular Griffith Park in Los Angeles  All by my selfie! Kylie Jenner occupies herself by posing up a storm after Tyga 'moves out' of $6m home following split All over? A vision in white! Diane Kruger commands attention as she teases at her assets in plunging flirty gown for French movie festival Daringly low-cut dress 'Was feeling insecure': Katy Perry discovers smoking lingerie snap as she Googles HERSELF for 'hot' pictures Needed a boost Nicole Kidman admits she 'tortured' herself to look like the 'Aussie beach girl' ideal and has lost her famous spiral curls from straightening her tresses too much Dapper Damian Lewis cosies up to glamorous wife Helen McCrory as they toast the opening night of The Goat or Who is Sylvia? Close couple 'I thought fans would be disappointed if I was gay': Barry Manilow speaks candidly about his sexuality for the first time as he discusses marriage to his manager Dad's night out! Benedict Cumberbatch joins pals at London boutique launch a month after welcoming his second son with wife Sophie Hunter 'I'm pretty sure I'll never get surgery': Amy Schumer, 35, talks ageing in Hollywood and  why she fell for her boyfriend as she poses in a swimsuit Bella Hadid shows off endlessly long legs in white mini-skirt... days after flaunting stellar body during girls' weekend in Mexico Striking 'It was a release': Rio Ferdinand recalls the emotional moment he opened up to a friend about losing wife Rebecca six months after her death The A team! Coleen Rooney celebrates her 31st birthday with idol Ed Sheeran as she joins singer backstage following live show in Amsterdam Charlize Theron teams a smart blazer with dazzling bling as she pulls off another winning look for the Paris premiere of Fast & Furious 8 'Lots of love from every bit of cellulite': Ashley James shares bikini snap of her 'imperfectly sexy body' as she encourages fans to feel confident Arrivederci Roma! A windswept Charles and Camilla arrive in Vienna for the next leg of their European tour after a morning of engagements in Italy Morgan Freeman joins co-star Michael Caine at Going in Style screening... after removing compression glove from his paralysed hand Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber spend £11million on apartment opposite eorge and Amal Clooney'... after the couples sold theirMexican getaways David Schwimmer looks downcast before revealing he is 'taking time apart' from wife of nearly seven years Zoe Buckman  Married in June 2010 Is he living in La La Land? Emma Stone gets asked to prom by a very ambitious 17-year-old with an epic parody of hit movie's opening sequence Danielle Armstrong locks lips with beau Daniel Spiller as they put on united front in wake of James Lock and Yazmin Oukhellou feud  Is she putting her kids on a diet? Mama June wants to make sure Pumpkin and Honey Boo Boo don't hit 460lbs like she did... as she flaunts 160lb frame DJ Mollie! King flaunts her enviably toned legs in thigh-skimming skirt as she spins the decks at fashion event At John Lewis' Oxford Street Store in London  Last-minute fitting? Carole Middleton leaves bride-to-be Pippa's house tailed by a man carrying mysterious white bags ahead of the wedding of the year Sartorially savvy Melanie Sykes slips her gym-honed frame into plunging bustier lace dress for art exhibition At the Alon Fine Arts Gallery in London  SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow grabs Daniel Osbourne during violent scuffle after trapping his brother in the boot of his car Nailed it! Giggling Harper Beckham looks delighted after pampering session with dad David and brother Cruz at Beverly Hills manicure shop Ready for her close-up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons silky pyjamas and rollers in her hair while on New York set of her show Divorce Pepsi pulls its 'offensive' Black Lives Matter advert starring Kendall Jenner  amid mounting outrage - including MLK's daughter Braless Ariel Winter flashes more than expected from beneath skimpy white vest and barely-there hot pants during outing with beau Levi Meaden A celebratory kiss! America Ferrera smooches husband Ryan Piers Williams after they complete a grueling triathlon in Hawaii Sleepy after her sleepover: Khloe Kardashian, 32, looks worn out after long weekend with her boyfriend Tristan Thompson, 26 Coronation Street's Katie McGlynn shows off her slimmed down figure in a glittery semi-sheer dress... as she flaunts weight loss after losing a stone Racist slurs, treating the nanny as his wife and physical violence in front of the children: Mel B's FULL catalogue of abuse at hands of her husband revealed 'It's really dangerous': Kym Marsh reveals fears as daughter Emilie, 18, is 'catfished' by fake users making her BISEXUAL dating profiles Fresh-faced Carey Mulligan swamps her svelte figure in grey forensic suit as she films BBC mini series Collateral Heading to small screen Bombshell in black! Stylish Candice Swanepoel enjoys stroll with mother Eileen... and shares sweet video of six-month Anacã with fans Da Ya Think I'm Sexy? Tracksuit clad Rod Stewart, 72, proves he's still in great shape as he powers through a tough workout Check gym out! TOWIE's Chloe Meadows appears furious at best pal Courtney's boyfriend Myles Barnett as they lock horns while filming  Not impressed A subtle reference to Harry? Meghan Markle hints that overplanning can 'kill the magic' in a cryptic blog post as the pair continue their long-distance romance Their daily grind! Rocco Ritchie continues his loved-up display with girlfriend Kim Turnbull as they step out for coffee run in New York Out and about Who needs knickers? Brandi Glanville steps out without underwear on a very daring dress for a dinner date with boyfriend DJ Friese Up front and personal One proud mother! Makeup-free Katherine Heigl shares very rare photo of all three children as she promotes new film Unforgettable Son of a Dunn! Supermodel Jourdan posts cute selfie with her son Riley... and he's the SPITTING image of her Here's looking at you kid 'Sunshine with my sunshine': Chloe Madeley shows off her phenomenal frame in studded bikini as she jets on holiday with beau James Haskell   Pouting Nicole Scherzinger looks worse for wear as she leaves Hollywood nightclub wearing semi-sheer holey top and sexy leather 'The money didn't hurt, it was trust': Pregnant Amy Childs forced to call police after salon employee 'stole thousands from under her nose' in ordeal Uma Thurman displays her toned figure in a simple black bikini as she takes a dip in the sea in St Barts Enjoying yet another day of fun in the sun Move over Zak Dingle! Gerard Butler is more Emmerdale than Hollywood as he sports shaggy beard and tweed cap to film scenes for new movie Keepers How things change! Hugh Hefner's ex Kendra Wilkinson sheds her sexy image as she opts for a demure outfit at Playboy party Dramatic difference Charlize Theron shows off her legs in a chic blue midi dress and stiletto heel boots as she struts to work in Paris for another day of the F8 press tour 'Don't be mad': Iggy Azalea goes incognito as she arrives at LAX but manages to send a message with cheeky saying on hoodie Low key look How YOU can get Scarlett Johansson's body: Actress's personal trainer reveals the secrets to her enviable figure Seriously shapely Nice coconuts! Supermodel Heidi Klum shows off her incredible figure in very skimpy striped monochrome bikini as she holidays in Turks And Caicos Twinning! Naomi Watts sports matching outfit with friend as she braves the New York chill in a black coat and jeans Stroll with a female friend 'The world can't take jokes': Teen Mom OG's Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra respond to backlash over fake pregnancy announcement 'Equal opportunity b*tch!' Real Housewives Of New York star Sonja Morgan says co-star Bethenny Frankel will dish it out to anyone Outspoken star SPOILER ALERT: Charlie Cotton returns to EastEnders and plots to 'steal back his baby' with the help of a suspicious looking Max Branning X Factor's Chloe Paige sizzles in a very sexy one-shoulder yellow bikini as she tops up her golden tan on the beach in sunny Los Angeles The sexy factor PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Making a Kar-dash for it? Kendall Jenner leaves dinner date with 'beau' A$AP Rocky amid claims they were 'all over each other' 'Feminist AF': Olivia Wilde supports women's rights on her T-shirt as she re-shoots scenes for Life Itself The 33-year-old wore a statement top  Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb slams star for 'classlessly' speaking Spanish in explosive letter as full scale of their 'screaming fights' is revealed Former Mouseketeer Britney Spears is set to receive Radio Disney's very first Icon Award Tthe 35-year-old is still a favorite on the brand's radio station That's different! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Hamlin grabs some froyo in bizarre cropped t-shirt with piercing over her nipple Highly visible  She's pregnant! Jenny Mollen and Jason Biggs post silly Instagram photo to announce they are expecting a second child Unconventional method Whoops! Freida Pinto reveals she accidentally STABBED Riz Ahmed while filming a 'frenzied' scene for 2011's Trishna Accidentally went a bit far All that's missing are text books! Hilary Duff looks like a cute college student in a varsity jacket and distressed jeans on NYC set of Younger Gotta keep the Faith! Eliza Dushku says she wasn't invited to the Buffy The Vampire Slayer reunion... despite starring in five seasons 20th anniversary Elizabeth Olsen keeps warm in a padded coat while clutching a hot water bottle as she films Avengers: Infinity War in chilly Scotland  Used to LA temperatures EXCLUSIVE: Full House actress Jodie Sweetin - who earns $50,000 a month - ordered to pay ex $10,000 plus $2,000 a month in child support 'I didn't go bald': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson explains why he's totally hairless with funny tweet He's known for his hulking 6ft 5in frame Camila Alves rocks two brightly-hued ensembles in NYC... as she shares two recipes with TODAY show Share her children's favorite recipes 'He was a horrible wingman!' Michael Caine once tried to set up Zach Braff and Nicole Scherzinger Directed the 84-year-old Englishman The race is on! Flip Or Flop exes Christina and Tarek El Moussa 'are competing to land their own TV shows'... after posting dueling pinup snaps 'We had panic buttons': Martine McCutcheon claims her 'abusive' father wouldn't leave her family alone after they fled following nine years of domestic violence Prince William, Kate and Prince Harry join survivors at Westminster Abbey memorial service exactly two weeks after terrorist attack 'I can't wait to show my daughter My Best Friend's Wedding': Julia Roberts, 49, hopes her kids are 'proud' of what she did in her '20s and 30s' Where the Magic (Mike) Happens! See inside Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan borrowed Vegas mansion Stunning Paws and relax! Christine Lampard and her husband Frank look loved up as they take their beloved pooch for a leisurely stroll In puppy love PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: 1D heartthrob Niall Horan strokes mystery brunette beauty's locks as the pair enjoy a fun-filled day out at Disneyland Gigi Hadid brings sunshine to an all-black outfit with a bright smile as she works leather and biker boots in Paris Kept things classic and simple 'New shark in the pool!' Million Dollar Listing NY returns with a fresh face and Bethenny Frankel as Fredrik and Ryan sell up an expensive storm New realtor stepping in 'John doesn't want kids': Recently engaged Nikki Bella reveals she and WWE Superstar fiancé Cena have NO plans to have children Not happening  Best supportive wife! Braless Jennifer Aniston wears skintight leather dress to premiere of Justin Theroux's The Leftovers Never looked better 'You enjoyed humiliating me': RHOBH's Erika Girardi hits back at Dorit Kemsley in VERY tense reunion show trailer following pantygate Victoria Beckham reveals that David told her to dress more like the 'old days' as she lifts the lid on what being married to him is REALLY like  Why so glum, Beatrice? Off-duty princess looks decidedly downcast as she pops out for coffee in New York  Off duty royal  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd steals a kiss from fiancé Michael O'Neill as they put on a loved-up display while stocking up on baby supplies Little Miss Sunshine PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Did you for-ghetti the rest of your outfit? Pixie Lott wows in pasta-patterned lingerie as she shoots sexy new video in Hollywood  'I miss Itchy so much': Chris Packham reveals he keeps dead poodle in the freezer as his Asperger's makes it harder to deal with pooch's passing  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian shows off her perky derriere in tiny bikini bottoms while on holiday with ex Scott Disick and their three kids  Busty Love Island star Zara Holland slips into a bright orange bikini as she soaks up the sun in Barbados with boyfriend Elliott Love Bright young thing Mel B's husband Stephen Belafonte tried to BLOCK her from seeing beloved father Martin on his deathbed... as he 'hid her passport' and told her 'suck it up' Mel B's eldest daughter Phoenix Chi arrives home in Hollywood... as family are granted restraining order against her 'violent' step-father Tom Cruise cuts a dapper figure in sunglasses and smart coat as he arrives in Paris to film Mission Impossible 6 Jetted into Paris Abs-olutely gorgeous! Jasmin Walia flaunts her killer frame in a fuchsia bikini after touching down in LA to pursue her music career Tickled pink 'It's been 48 hours of grimness': Holly Willoughby returns to TV following horrific bug as relieved Phillip Schofield expresses worry over who would replace her  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample cleavage and gym-honed figure in a plunging navy swimsuit on beach getaway Thrilled fans Is Robin a bit Thicke? Singer openly flirts with danger as he puffs on a cigarette while filling up his car's petrol tank Not the cleverest idea, Robin Baby daddy revealed? Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, drops hints the father of her third child could be an old friend In a social media post Workout Baby One More Time! Britney Spears slips into a tiny crochet bikini top as she works up a sweat in the gym You better work, b***h Pucker up, baby! Loved-up Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA on a romantic stroll in NYC Looked loved up Geordie adore! Loved-up Charlotte Crosby only has eyes for beau Stephen Bear as they take a romantic beach stroll during Caribbean holiday Red-y for a busy day! Bethenny Frankel is a mom on the move in bright coat as she heads to Today Show before bonding time with daughter EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield at least once, could be found either 'at the mall' or 'in trouble' and shunned gossip  Sheena Easton looks healthy and happy as she tears up the stage on the opening night of 42nd Street... three years after she was pictured in a wheelchair When in Rome! Sofia Vergara, 44, is dressed to impress in a skintight pencil skirt as she gets to work on the set of new movie Bent in Italy Looked the business Bachelorette lovers in paradise! JoJo Fletcher enjoys romantic bikini getaway with Jordan Rodgers  Couple first met over a year ago Cheers to me! Bella Hadid sips from champagne glass while strutting around in tiny bikini on holiday in Mexico  In Cabo San Luca PICTURED: Emmerdale's Ashley Thomas is surrounded by family for his  final moments... as his last words to wife Laurel are revealed Simon Cowell 'introduced Mel B to divorce lawyers in 2014 amid concerns about husband's control over her'...  as she 'begged pals not to call the police EXCLUSIVE: British aristocrat Lady Victoria Hervey fears Mel B's husband secretly taped her having a wild drunken threesome with the couple at their home  Mel B slashes price of her marital home by $1m in a bid to land a quick sale... after obtaining a restraining order against 'monster' estranged husband  Kelly Bensimon flaunts her sculpted physique in a skimpy patterned bikini as she hits the beach in Florida Certainly caught the eye on Palm Beach Mel B's ex Stephen Belafonte 'faces prosecution over bullet found at his home as agents consider firearms charges' Searched last week Hailey Baldwin banishes 'baby bump' claims in a figure-hugging bodycon dress for dinner... after furiously denying 'pregnancy' Camila Alves dons mustard top with brown suede bell bottoms for TODAY show appearance The 35-year-old wife of Matthew McConaughey Denise Welch, 58, displays her curves in an electric blue bikini as she soaks up the Marbella sunshine with husband Lincoln Townley, 44 Viewers slam Susanna Reid's new budget cookery show for focusing on a middle-class family who spend £170 a WEEK on their weekly food shop Former Neighbours star Elaine Smith - who played beloved Daphne - is pictured heading to work 30 years after her stripper character met a tragic end Something getting you down? Glum Sofia Richie flaunts her toned abs in a cropped T-shirt as she steps out days after posting cryptic Tweet EXCLUSIVE: Shahs of Sunset star 'GG' Gharachedaghi called the police on her estranged husband after claims that he posed as her security guard Lisa Marie Presley's 'thinks estranged husband Michael Lockwood tipped off paparazzi to look like a doting dad on his outing with twins' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
General News • Columns • Weather • Civics • Economy • Variety • Puzzles • Faith •  Health & Wellness • Saluting our Military • Sports • Kudos • Recipes Today Is Greater Tulsa Reporter Business and People Notes Trust Company of Oklahoma announces that Whittney Stauffer has joined the company as vice president. At TCO, she will serve high net worth individuals, families and organizations. Stauffer comes to TCO from J.P. Morgan Chase’s Private Bank in Tulsa, where she accumulated experience providing investment management, wealth advisory, banking, and financing services to individuals, endowments, and foundations. Stauffer received her Bachelor of Business Administration in finance from the University of Oklahoma. She is a trustee for the Philbrook Museum of Art and serves as board president of The Pencil Box. In addition, she is a sustaining member of the Junior League of Tulsa and a Leadership Tulsa graduate. Trust Company of Oklahoma is the largest and oldest independent trust company in the state, with locations in Tulsa and Oklahoma City. For more information visit www.TrustOk.com Yvette Martinez and Audra Alvord have been promoted to senior vice president positions at the First National Bank & Trust Co. of Broken Arrow. Martinez joined the bank in December 2016 as vice president of retail banking administration. A native Tulsan and graduate of Northeastern State University, her resume includes service with Bank of Oklahoma, Prosperity Bank and F&M Bank and Trust where she oversaw retail operations of 12 branch locations in Oklahoma and Texas. Alvord joined First National of Broken Arrow in 2013 as human resources director and later added director of information security to her responsibilities. A native of Cleveland, Oklahoma, she began her career as a bookkeeper at Peoples State Bank. Her resume also includes service with Bank South where she was a branch manager and Summit Bank where she was a human resources representative. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Graham says both women have worked their way up through the ranks of the financial services industry and have clearly shown they are more than qualified to assume the added responsibilities that go with their new positions. “They have earned the respect of our directors and their fellow employees,” Graham says. “They provide expanded dimensions of experience and expertise to our bank and we are delighted to welcome them to our senior leadership team.” First National opened its doors in 1902 in what is now downtown Broken Arrow. In more than 114 years of providing trusted banking services to the community, only four chairmen have headed the institution. Oral Roberts University announces the promotion of James D. Smith to director of marketing. Smith led the ORU Mabee Center Marketing Department for seven years before accepting this new role. “James has done an outstanding job leading marketing at the Mabee Center, seeing growth year over year,” says Ossie Mills, ORU vice president of communications and marketing. Smith, who was born in England and raised in Tulsa, graduated from Tulsa’s Memorial High School and Northeastern State University, where he earned a bachelor’s degree in business marketing. He brings a wealth of experience to his new position with 30 years of professional marketing in the Tulsa area. Active in the Tulsa community, Smith serves as president of his homeowner’s association, is an active member of his church, an accomplished chef, business owner and long-time volunteer of numerous Tulsa charitable organizations. The Collins College of Business will honor three alumni and four graduating seniors during its annual Honors and Awards Banquet April 7 at TU’s Allen Chapman Student Union. Kala Sharp (BSBA ‘99), vice president, controller, natural gas at ONEOK Partners, was named the 2017 Outstanding Alumna and Don P. Quint, Jr. (BS ‘78), principal and founder of Don P. Quint & Associates, as the 2017 Outstanding Alumnus. Ashley Lewis Jackson (BSBA ‘08), customer success integration manager at GE Digital, was named the 2017 Fast Track Alumna. Sharp is vice president, controller, natural gas, of ONEOK Partners. She is responsible for accounting and reporting for the natural gas gathering and processing and natural gas pipelines segments. Quint is the principal and founder of Don P. Quint & Associates, a registered investment adviser. Quint established his practice in 1978 upon his graduation from the University of Tulsa. Since graduation he has completed his Chartered Life Underwriter designation along with his Chartered Financial Consultant designation. Jackson joined General Electric (GE) in 2008 as a financial management program (FMP) intern with GE Real Estate. In January, Jackson was promoted to customer success integration manager at GE Digital. Four graduating seniors will receive the 2017 David R. Lawson Outstanding Senior award in recognition of their leadership and accomplishments while students at TU: Amanda Calhoun, energy management and finance; Paul Moses, accounting and finance; Claire Thompson, accounting, finance and economics; and Francisco Yanez, finance and management. Ashley Van Horne has been named director of marketing and communications for the Lobeck Taylor Family Foundation. Van Horne is a seasoned communications professional with nearly a decade of experience. She joined the Lobeck Taylor Family Foundation after managing communications for the Tulsa Regional Tourism brands at the Tulsa Regional Chamber. Van Horne has a unique background in sports communications, having managed projects for brands like ESPN, Nickelodeon, Spike TV, the NFL Network and Yahoo Sports. She brings to the table a diverse perspective that combines public relations, marketing strategy and event management. After graduating cum laude from the University of Southern California in 2009, Van Horne worked on major national sporting events and marketing campaigns including the Super Bowl, NFL Draft, NBA All Star Weekend, BCS National Championship, NCAA March Madness, Nickelodeon Kids Choice Sports Awards, Spike TV’s Lip Sync Battle, ESPN This is SportSCenter commercials, Monday Night Football and more. A Tulsa transplant originally from California, Van Horne says she enjoys exploring Oklahoma and soaking up the four different seasons. She is a volunteer at GUTS Church, a freelance writer, a CrossFit coach and a nutrition counselor in her spare time. AVB Bank announces the promotion of Renee Hillhouse to loan operations officer. Hillhouse manages and oversees AVB’s loan servicing and credit departments, providing all loan documentation, payments, advances and maintenance. Hillhouse joined AVB in 2016 as a commercial lending assistant. With over 22 years of banking experience, Hillhouse’s exemplary career in banking is highlighted by upward progression. Bank President and CEO Ted Cundiff announced the promotion and said, “Renee has extensive knowledge of the loan area and has greatly assisted with the increase in communication in her area. We appreciate her expertise and are glad she is a part of our team.” Senior Vice President and Executive Loan Assistant Nema Dobbins said “Loan services, and all of the operations employees at AVB, are such an integral part of this bank.” Dobbins continued, “Renee’s years of experience and excellent troubleshooting go hand-in-hand with internal operations, and we are grateful to have her.” Updated 04-04-2017 Back to Top READER COMMENTS Name Remember email (we never post emails) http:// Message   Textile Help Back to Top Contact GTR News Contact GTR News Sections General News Tulsa Weather Columns Civics Economy & Business Variety Dining & Entertainment Fashion Faith Home & Garden Health & Wellness Saluting Our Military Calendar Kudos GTR Puzzles Recipes Education Union Education Jenks Education Broken Arrow Education Tulsa Education Owasso Education Bixby Education Sports Composite Football Schedule Union Sports Jenks Sports Broken Arrow Sports Mid-Town Tulsa Sports Owasso Sports Bixby Sports
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers JP Morgan Chase banks $600m on fintech Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing lastminute.com founder Martha Lane Fox: Put diversity at the heart of your organisation Best drones for kids BuzzFeed IPO rumoured for next year Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Ford rolls out virtual try before you buy to supercharge test drives Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought Cisco, SAS look to tame data with Edge-to-Enterprise IoT Analytics Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars Shares in Imagination Technologies crash 70% as UK chip firm loses biggest customer Apple Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise CeBit 2017: Huawei leads the wei on road to digital transformation IBM Cloud boosts AI computing with Nvidia Tesla GPU Cognitive and AI spend to hit $12.5bn this year Nearly 1 in 4 fear robots taking over the world Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS IBM Cloud boosts AI computing with Nvidia Tesla GPU Sage Summit: We have a million customers in the cloud, says UK boss Cloud Wars: Microsoft Azure closes the gap on leader AWS Three Private Cloud Myths Busted! What is the true value of the Cloud? Rackspace launches GSS to make cloud migration easy Rush to hybrid is on as DCO market declines VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH What is the true value of the Cloud? Rush to hybrid is on as DCO market declines Sage Summit: We have a million customers in the cloud, says UK boss Cloud Wars: Microsoft Azure closes the gap on leader AWS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Face the facts: your business needs a data protection officer Big, open hypocrites? Open source big data analytics brings out the Beauty and the Beast in tech Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security BlackBerry CSO: Medical devices need warnings to stop hackers killing Face the facts: your business needs a data protection officer Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row McAfee single and independent after strained marriage with Intel Security Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops How To Build A Mobile Workforce Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift Shares in Imagination Technologies crash 70% as UK chip firm loses biggest customer Apple How To Build A Mobile Workforce Shares in Imagination Technologies crash 70% as UK chip firm loses biggest customer Apple Best wireless chargers for android How To Build A Mobile Workforce Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift App-centric Infrastructure Performance Management Explained How To Build A Mobile Workforce Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift AT&T lands $46bn LTE mega-deal for first responders How To Build A Mobile Workforce Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Best Video Editing Software for Mac Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular IBM Cloud boosts AI computing with Nvidia Tesla GPU Rush to hybrid is on as DCO market declines VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Interxion expands European colo market with new London data centre Facebook fails to throw out lawsuit that alleges data centre design theft Big Data Analytics Cisco, SAS look to tame data with Edge-to-Enterprise IoT Analytics Big, open hypocrites? Open source big data analytics brings out the Beauty and the Beast in tech Captain Sully: Leave your ego at the door, says hero pilot at SAS Global Forum Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Cohesity raises $90m as Google, Cisco & HPE invest in storage Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views Blockchain technology can reinvent business – here’s how according to IBM Cisco, SAS look to tame data with Edge-to-Enterprise IoT Analytics Big, open hypocrites? Open source big data analytics brings out the Beauty and the Beast in tech IBM Cloud boosts AI computing with Nvidia Tesla GPU Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory Qualcomm Snapdragon is now a platform, not a processor Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 2017: the year when identity and access management is placed at the heart of digital transformation Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC The Application Love Affair: Delivering what the Business wants, when it wants it App-centric Infrastructure Performance Management Explained VMware sells vCloud Air business to hosting giant OVH Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC What is the true value of the Cloud? Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Turing Award winner Sir Tim Berners-Lee wades into encryption row lastminute.com founder Martha Lane Fox: Put diversity at the heart of your organisation All VerticalsFintech Back to Home JP Morgan Chase banks $600m on fintech Increase / Decrease text size Tom Ball   - Reporter 5th April 2017 Add to favorites JP Morgan keeps fintech firmly within its sights with big investment JP Morgan Chase had a massive year of tech investment in 2016, which included the hugely influential and optimistic injection of $600m into fintech. CEO of the company Jamie Dimon came forward in detailing the $9.5 billion 2016 tech investment in a letter to shareholders. The move has confirmed the company’s confidence in technology, with Dimon saying that this focus and belief in tech is the reason that the company has continued to perform well. A central project outlined in the shareholder letter is a new initiative to make digital banking ‘end-to-end’ for users. This is set to include giving users the ability to set up and open an account, and carry out transactions from a mobile phone. JPMorgan Chase has also tapped into the hive of activity within tech innovation, placing a colossal $3 billion of the $9.5 billion investment in up and coming initiatives, new ideas that are set to be disruptive. Detailing the Fintech cash injection, Mr Dimon said: “Of that amount, approximately $600 million is spent on emerging fintech solutions – which include building and improving digital and mobile services and partnering with fintech companies. “The reasons we invest so much in technology (whether it’s digital, big data or machine learning) are simple: to benefit customers with better, faster and often cheaper products and services, to reduce errors and to make the firm more efficient.”    READ MORE: J.P. Morgan, Microsoft, Accenture form new blockchain alliance Taking this course of investment action, the company achieved a record $24.7 billion net income in 2016. Dimon said: “We have delivered record results in six out of the last seven years, and we hope to continue to deliver in the future.” This positive consistency can be marked as an even greater achievement due to the particularly challenging aftermath of the 2008 crash. Tags banking Fintech Homepage News List Investment JP Morgan tech investment Previous ArticleSage Summit: We have a million customers in the cloud, says UK boss Next ArticleRush to hybrid is on as DCO market declines Most read What is the true value of the Cloud? Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 Oracle, Accenture acquisition rumour “completely untrue” Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system Byomakesh Biswal 31st March 2017 Women’s History Month: Top female pioneers in tech Hannah Williams 31st March 2017 NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Tom Ball 31st March 2017 Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Joe Clark 29th March 2017 Blackrock bets on robots to win big on stock markets Tom Ball 29th March 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick Hello DXC Technology, Goodbye HPE Enterpise Services and CSC Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 Microsoft collaboration challenge to Cisco boosted by cloud shift Joe Clark 3rd April 2017 World’s first robo-adviser for mortgage market to launch in the UK Tom Ball 3rd April 2017 Google, Facebook & Microsoft promise to tackle terrorist propaganda Hannah Williams 31st March 2017 The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy James Nunns 31st March 2017 Related News Markets FinTech fears hit finance with 40% of revenues to be lost Ellie Burns 6th April 2017 Markets World’s first robo-adviser for mortgage market to launch in the UK Tom Ball 3rd April 2017 How financial services CIOs can turn data management from a cost centre into the most valuable company asset James Nunns 31st March 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Bosch, Daimler latest heavyweights to carpool on driverless cars Ellie Burns 4th April 2017 4th Revolution Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture Byomakesh Biswal 28th March 2017 4th Revolution IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 Latest in Analysis “No-one ever got fired for choosing IBM”…A proverb of modern times or the reality of choosing brand over benefits? Ellie Burns 4th April 2017 The Application Love Affair: Delivering what the Business wants, when it wants it Ellie Burns 3rd April 2017 Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Joe Clark 29th March 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR FinTech fears hit finance with 40% of revenues to be lost 8 hours ago Face the facts: your business needs a data protection officer 14 hours ago IBM Cloud boosts AI computing with Nvidia Tesla GPU 15 hours ago Blockchain technology can reinvent business – here’s how according to IBM 15 hours ago Cisco, SAS look to tame data with Edge-to-Enterprise IoT Analytics 19 hours ago Big, open hypocrites? Open source big data analytics brings out the Beauty and the Beast in tech 19 hours ago lastminute.com founder Martha Lane Fox: Put diversity at the heart of your organisation 20 hours ago Niara’s smarter security strategy 21 hours ago Rush to hybrid is on as DCO market declines 21 hours ago JP Morgan Chase banks $600m on fintech 22 hours ago Sage Summit: We have a million customers in the cloud, says UK boss 22 hours ago Cloud Wars: Microsoft Azure closes the gap on leader AWS 23 hours ago Cognitive and AI spend to hit $12.5bn this year 2 days ago Accenture boosts automation with Genfour buyout 2 days ago “No-one ever got fired for choosing IBM”…A proverb of modern times or the reality of choosing brand over benefits? 2 days ago Nearly 1 in 4 fear robots taking over the world 2 days ago
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Wells Fargo Says Buy Autoliv Following Selloff Jim Swanson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 05, 2017 9:12am   Comments Share: Related ALV Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For March 24, 2017 JPMorgan's Aviation, Transportation, Industrials Conference Concludes Wednesday; Expect Volatility In Airline Stocks “The recent share pullback likely stems from disappointing news related to the push-out of the active safety revenue outlook, slowing active safety sales headline, and lower than expected 2017 guidance,” Wells Fargo’s David Lim said, upgrading the rating on Autoliv Inc. (NYSE: ALV) to Outperform. The analyst believes that fundamentally, the stock has reset and it's now up to management to deliver. Following the pullback, the risk/reward is now favorable, given that the company’s long-term story is intact. On the other hand, Lim said Autoliv’s passive safety wins had been strong, while active safety was expected to play out “eventually.” Stating that passive safety continued to gain momentum, the analyst noted that given the recent strength in wins for this segment, management expects the shortfall in active safety, in terms of the 2019 target, to be more than offset. Related Link: Autoliv Shows Advanced Positioning and ADAS Horizon Sensors in the Automotive Market at 2017 CES Meet Or Beat Targets In fact, Autoliv expressed confidence that it could exceed its total revenue target of $12 billion by 2019. Autoliv expects passive safety revenues at $9 billion by 2019. The analyst believes that assuming 15 percent incremental margin for this business and 6 percent margin for electronics, 2019 earnings could meet or exceed $8.70. “Further, the balance sheet provides mgmt with plenty of optionality including acquisitions and share buybacks, in our view,” Lim said. Latest Ratings for ALV Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Wells Fargo Upgrades Outperform Mar 2017 RBC Capital Upgrades Underperform Sector Perform Mar 2017 Bernstein Initiates Coverage On Underperform View More Analyst Ratings for ALV View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: David Lim Wells FargoAnalyst Color Long Ideas Upgrades Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ALV) Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For March 24, 2017 JPMorgan's Aviation, Transportation, Industrials Conference Concludes Wednesday; Expect Volatility In Airline Stocks Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For March 2, 2017 Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For February 9, 2017 The Market In 5 Minutes: Twitter Tanks, Trump Tweets, Tesla Preps View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on ALV Trending Recent 1 CONN, KATE: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 AMZN, TWLO: Trip Chowdhry: Twilio's Broken Fundamentals, Problems A... 3 AMBC, MBI: Title III Restructuring For Puerto Rico Likely To R... 4 STX, WDC: March PC Shipments Exceed Forecasts, Bode W... 5 ATH, MCHP: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Down... 6 ACHC, KATE: Stocks To Watch For Apri... 7 MULE, PSDO: This Week'... 1 PNRA, QSR: JAB Buys Panera; Analyst Foresees Near-Term Slowdown In Restaurant M&A 2 AMZN: Why Amazon And Retail Are 'Frenemies' 3 PFE, MRK: There Is Value To Be Had With The Right Healthcare ETFs 4 WYNN: Argus Upgrades Wynn Resorts To Buy, Praises The Wynn Pa... 5 The Essential Tool For News Trades 6 FB, GOOGL: Amazon Wins Streaming Rights For 10 'Thur... 7 Using Spreads To Trade Nonfarm Employment News View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Sarepta Gets An Upgrade; Cardiac, Pulmonary Function Could Provide Added Clinical Support For Exondys
JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third | Global Custodian
 ABOUT US CONTACT US MAGAZINE NEWSLETTERS LOG-IN Home News Custody Securities finance Fund Administration Market Infrastructure Technology People Moves Regions Americas Asia Europe Middle-East and Africa FinTechQ Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Research Reports LOG-IN MENU News Custody Securities finance Fund Administration Market Infrastructure Technology People Moves Regions Prime Brokerage Regulation MTF/Exchanges Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Thought Leadership ABOUT US About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Warning: JavaScript is disabled in your browser. please note that you must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the full functionality of this website. Home  >   News  >   Technology  >   JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third TECHNOLOGY JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third JP Morgan’s CIB chief Daniel Pinto plans to increase its custody technology spend following its $1 trillion BlackRock mandate. By Joe Parsons joe.parsons@strategic-i.com April 05, 2017 11:33 AM GMT JP Morgan plans to increase spending for technology within its Custody and Fund Services (CFS) business by 30%, according to corporate and investment banking chief Daniel Pinto. In the bank’s 2016 annual report to shareholders, Pinto outlined how it plans to increase its technology budget by 30% in comparison to 2014, while driving down operating expenses by 12%. Pinto, who oversees JP Morgan’s custody business as well as its global markets unit, plans to enhance its technology capabilities following its landmark $1.3 trillion custody deal with BlackRock. “Our commitment to technology and delivery of innovative solutions were also important factors behind BlackRock’s decision to award us a CFS mandate,” said Pinto. “Using technology-driven solutions, CFS is enhancing its stability and enabling the business to grow in a more scalable way.” As of the end of 2016, JP Morgan saw increased business with existing custody clients by 10%, serving around 2,500 clients with $20 trillion in assets under custody. JP Morgan has also spent considerable amounts in technology products for its Global Markets and Treasury Services businesses, with the latter set to increase its technology budget by 12% for 2017. Recently, Pinto said the bank saw a $100 million currency trade executed with a mobile phone. “The electronic evolution is advancing, and the investments we’ve made, and will continue to make, already are proving their merit to our clients,” he added. Tagged: JP Morgan , Technology , Daniel Pinto related articles most popular most e-mailed FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Technology Major industry players target collateral lending using R3 Technology JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third Technology France and Singapore strengthen FinTech link Technology First US state-level regulator joins R3 blockchain group Technology Deutsche Bank continues FinTech drive with NY innovation lab Technology SIX deploys blockhain for bond trading platform FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Technology JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third Fund Administration Private equity firms complete Viteos Fund Services acquisition People Moves Goldman Sachs boosts equity finance division People Moves Goldman Sachs appoints new sec lending head as part of restructure Features Whispers of AIFMD II catching buy-side’s attention Custody BNP Paribas wins €11bn custody mandate from Italian bank FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation FROM GLOBALCUSTODIAN.COM Technology JP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third Market Infrastructure ESMA offers details on SFTR implementation Market Infrastructure Deutsche Bank allays Brexit fears with new London HQ Features Is the blockchain bubble about to burst? Market Infrastructure ISDA chief lays out CCP recovery plan Magazine Democracy devours itself FROM THE GC TV Tim Gokey on industry transformation Get GLOBAL CUSTODIAN Email Alerts Trending Most Read Most E-mailed TechnologyJP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third People MovesGoldman Sachs boosts equity finance division People MovesGoldman Sachs appoints new sec lending head as part of restructure FeaturesWhispers of AIFMD II catching buy-side’s attention CustodyBNP Paribas wins €11bn custody mandate from Italian bank CustodyTop 10 trends for 2016 TechnologyJP Morgan to increase custody tech spending by almost a third Market InfrastructureDeutsche Bank allays Brexit fears with new London HQ FeaturesIs the blockchain bubble about to burst? Market InfrastructureISDA chief lays out CCP recovery plan Democracy devours itself Upcoming Events MORE EVENTS > Global Custodian Leaders in Custody Awards DinnerMarch 16, 2017 / The Savoy, London MOST WATCHED INTERVIEW MORE INTERVIEWS > Tim Gokey on industry transformation Global Custodian talks to Broadridge COO Tim Gokey about how technology and business models are enabling change.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Sponsored Content GLOBAL CUSTODIAN News Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends Newsletters Breaking News Alerts ABOUT GLOBAL CUSTODIAN About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy ADVERTISE WITH GLOBAL CUSTODIAN GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT Latest Issue Winter 2016 get access to Global Custodian everywhere GLOBALCUSTODIAN.com is optimized for Subscribe to the print edition Looking for Subscriber Services? GET FULL ACCESS WEB ACCESS GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT GLOBAL CUSTODIAN News Features Multimedia Events Blog Directories Surveys GC Legends ABOUT US About Us Contact Us Subscription Services Media Kit FinTechQ Media Pack Reprints & Permissions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT BrightScope CIO FWW Global Custodian Investor Economics LiquidMetrix Market Metrics Matrix Solutions PLANADVISER Plan For Life PLANSPONSOR Simfund The Trade Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations.
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More Today 11° to 13° Tonight 1° to 4° Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog News Business Brexit Bites Technology Markets Economy Analysis JPMorgan softens tone on Brexit jobs warning Updated / Wednesday, 5 Apr 2017 12:11 JPMorgan Chase's chief executive Jamie Dimon said the bank will keep a close eye on European situation over the coming years The head of US bank JPMorgan Chase has said the bank is not planning to move many jobs out of Britain in the next two years in a softening of tone on the likely impact from Brexit.  Jamie Dimon had said in a previous speech to employees in Bournemouth last year that as many as 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 jobs based in Britain may have to move.  Even though his stance appears to have moderated Dimon said the bank is preparing for a so-called "hard Brexit" in which Britain loses access to EU's single market, disrupting access to its main trading partner. "This does not entail moving many people in the next two years," he said in a letter to the US bank's shareholders. Dimon also said the likelihood that the EU could break up has increased, which he warned could have a "devastating" economic and political impact. He said that he hoped that Britain's decision to leave the EU would have force the bloc to focus on "fixing its issues," such as immigration, bureaucracy and rigid labour rules. "Our fear, however, is that it could instead result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart," he said.  "We will keep a close eye on the situation in Europe over the next several years," he added. More on news Business Europe Brexit jamie dimon jpmorgan chase Read Next MEPs endorse Ireland's unique circumstances in Brexit 13 hrs Most Read 1DCC to sell Environmental business for £219m15:04 2Change to balance sheet policy 'later this year' - Fed19:10 32017 economic growth forecast set to be increased18:44 4Irish & Spanish banks coping well with bad loans - S&P14:34 5Co-operative Group writes off stake in struggling bank07:28 Source: Reuters Business. Co-operative Group writes off stake in struggling bank Business Twitter creates 'lite' version for data-starved users Business Talks on Bus Éireann dispute to resume at WRC News Unilever announces results of business review Business Change to balance sheet policy 'later this year' - Fed Business 2017 economic growth forecast set to be increased Business DCC to sell Environmental business for £219m Business More Business Most Read 1DCC to sell Environmental business for £219m15:04 2Change to balance sheet policy 'later this year' - Fed19:10 32017 economic growth forecast set to be increased18:44 4Irish & Spanish banks coping well with bad loans - S&P14:34 5Co-operative Group writes off stake in struggling bank07:28 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
menu Login SEARCH facebook twitter linkedin RSS twitter facebook linkedin RSS Login SEARCH Innovation Cloud Big Data Social Mobile Internet of Things Digital Leadership IT management Transformation Strategy and vision Risk and compliance Outsourcing C Suite Technology Data Centre Security Software Services Applications and development Skills and Training Communications Business Enterprise SME Start-up Vendor Public sector Internet Women in Tech Whitepapers Search for: Home » Leadership » Strategy and vision JPMorgan’s $9.5BN emerging tech investment Feature 5 April 2017 One of the world's leading banking executives, Jamie Dimon, has placed technology at the heart of his bank's future endeavours COMMENT Flickr: Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/Category:Flickr Nick Ismail The CEO of JPMorgan, Jamie Dimon, said yesterday that the banking giant spent $9.5 billion on technology in 2016. This significant investment is further proof that the banking sector is continuing to embrace the digital, in order to stave off disruption. As far a JPMorgan is concerned, it has plans in 2017 to build on it’s 2016 investment by introducing products for digital banking, online investment advice and electronic trading. In his annual letter to shareholders on Tuesday, Dimon said JPMorgan is “collaborating with some excellent fintech companies to dramatically improve our digital and other customer offerings”. >See also: Cyber crime and the banking sector Dimon realises the benefits technology will bring to his sector, but also foresees the death sentence waiting for those that don’t embrace emerging technologies. This vision is displayed by the CEO’s growing presence in San Francisco and Silicon Valley, where he regularly makes trips to meet with tech executives to discuss current and upcoming digital trends. Banking disruption is inevitable, and rather than see it as a threat to JPMorgan’s prospects, Dimon views it as an opportunity to not only survive but thrive. Last year, this commitment was felt as about $3 billion, or almost one-third, of last year’s investment went to “new initiatives,” including $600 million on fintech solutions and projects. >See also: Lloyds Bank’s £1.75BN bet on the future of banking In his letter, Dimon highlighted partnerships with emerging tech companies like Zelle for consumer payments, Roostify for online mortgages, TrueCar for auto finance and On Deck Capital, which provides loans to small businesses. The JPMorgan CEO also made reference to the US immigration system, criticising it for it’s selectivity. By restricting where talent is sourced, it will ultimately hurt the US’s ability to compete globally, he said. Continuing, Dimon said that 40% of people receiving advanced degrees in science, technology engineering and math at American universities are from other countries, yet they have no legal way to stay when they’re finished with school. “We are forcing great talent overseas by not allowing these young people to build their dreams here,” Dimon wrote.   Nominations are now open for the Tech Leaders Awards 2017, the UK’s flagship celebration of the business, IT and digital leaders driving disruptive innovation and demonstrating value from the application of technology in businesses and organisations. Nominating is free and simply: just click here to enter. Good luck! Related Topics Banking sector emerging technology FinTech JPMorgan Comments (0) Leave a Reply Cancel replyLogin to comment Prev Next Keep Informed by email Subscribe I am happy to receive updates and offers from Information AgeI am happy to receive updates and offers from carefully selected 3rd parties We do not sell or distribute our subscriber details with other companies or individuals for any reason. If you are interested in the details you can read our privacy policy. Read More Latest Popular Why artificial intelligence still needs a human touch The right to privacy: a digital disconnect AWS and Microsoft Azure will dominate 90% of the IaaS market – Gartner Growing cyber threats hidden in encrypted traffic Hadoop: the rise of the modern data lake platform Women in IT Awards 2017 – finalists revealed The smart nation: Singapore’s masterplan Women in IT Awards 2017: winners revealed Wine cellar, swimming pool and a treehouse: Inside Zoopla’s new office The path to manageable data Products Information Age Magazine Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More Information Age Digital Edition Since its launch in 1995, Information Age has been regarded as one of the most respected technology titles in the B2B realm. More than 20 years on from its inception, the publication stands as the UK’s number one business-technology magazine, holding a strong influence over its prestigious readership of IT leaders.Find Out More The Vitesse Network Small Business Growth Business Information Age What Investment Growth Company Investor Tax Guide Vitesse Events Vitesse Media Further Information Preference Centre Information Age Hub Contact Us Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions About Vitesse Media About this website Vitesse Media Plc, 14 Bonhill Street, London EC2A 4BX T. 0207 250 7010 © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc © 2017 Vitesse Media Plc Further Information [+]
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A JPMorgan asset manager overseeing $350 billion thinks Europe is an unexploited opportunity for investors Will Martin Apr. 5, 2017, 6:58 AM 969 facebook linkedin twitter email print Paul Quinsee, Global Head of Equities at JP Morgan Asset Management JPMorgan Asset Management LONDON — Mainland Europe represents an underexploited and potentially lucrative opportunity for investors, according to the head of equities at JPMorgan Asset Management. JPMAM's global equity chief Paul Quinsee told Business Insider that while Europe is currently "the most out-of-favor region of all global equity markets," there are many reasons to be optimistic about the state of continent's stock markets. Quinsee oversees roughly £280 billion ($350 billion) of clients' assets, out of a total of JPMAM's £1.4 trillion ($1.7 trillion) assets under management. Europe is currently being ignored by big sections of the market because of one simple thing. Politics. Europe's political situation remains hugely uncertain. For starters, no one knows exactly how Brexit negotiations will play out, and what exactly the implications of any Brexit deal will be. Add to that uncertainty about the French presidential election, in which far-right, anti-immigration candidate Marine Le Pen stands a small chance of victory, as well as the possibility that Angela Merkel will lose her place as Germany's chancellor later in the year, and Europe's political waters are muddy to say the least. Look beyond that huge political turmoil, however, and the fundamentals of Europe's markets are better than they have been for many years. Quinsee says (emphasis ours): "Global investors seem to have largely lost interest in the region, deterred by poor profitability and the seemingly endless political uncertainty over the future of the European Union. Here we see opportunity; despite the politics, European economic growth is improving, and the region’s companies will also benefit as the global economy reflates. Additionally, financial stocks are still undervalued, with prices not yet reflecting improving returns, a recovery in loan demand and the likelihood, in some instances, of substantial return of capital to shareholders." Quinsee's argument is backed up by recent data. Just this week the unemployment rate in the EU dropped to its lowest level since 2009, and new PMI released on Wednesday suggested that the first quarter of 2017 was the eurozone economy's best since 2011. Not only is the general economic picture improving, so too is the picture for corporates operating in the continent. European companies have been struggling for meaningful earnings growth in recent years, but that finally looks to be changing, Quinsee adds. "The real problem for Europe has been a lack of earnings growth," he says. "The same movie has played out in each of the last several years – the year starts out with investors expecting European earnings to grow by 10% and then they actually end up shrinking." "Finally now however we really do think this time is different and we’re turning a corner. When tangible growth is finally delivered, that should lead to some of that risk premium being delivered back." These two factors combine to make Europe an incredibly attractive prospect right now, especially considering the widespread belief that equities in the USA are currently substantially overvalued. "With higher prices at home for US based investors, it’s going to pay to start looking further afield," Quinsee finished. NOW WATCH: A $2.5 trillion asset manager just put a statue of a defiant girl in front of the Wall Street bull Loading video... More: JPMorgan Asset Management European Stocks Brexit Marine Le Pen facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A JPMorgan asset manager overseeing $350 billion thinks Europe is an unexploited opportunity for investors A JPMorgan asset manager overseeing $350 billion thinks Europe is an unexploited opportunity for investors LONDON — Mainland Europe represents an... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Blackstone to sell $2.7 billion Australian mall portfolio: source Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Wed Apr 5, 2017 | 6:38am EDT Blackstone to sell $2.7 billion Australian mall portfolio: source FILE PHOTO - The ticker and trading information for Blackstone Group is displayed at the post where it is traded on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) April 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo SYDNEY Blackstone Group (BX.N) has put an A$3.5 billion ($2.65 billion) shopping mall portfolio in Australia up for sale, said a source familiar with the matter, in what could be one of the country's largest ever real estate transactions. The source, who saw the termsheet for the sale, said that UBS and JPMorgan were mandated to run the sale, along with real estate agent Jones Lang LaSalle (JLL). A spokesman for Blackstone, the world's biggest alternative asset manager, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. Spokeswomen for UBS and JLL could not be immediately contacted, while a JPMorgan spokesman did not have any immediate comment. The Australian portfolio for sale comprises 10 shopping centers, mostly in Sydney and Melbourne, where a booming real estate market has pushed land values ever higher and population growth has underpinned retail spending. "It is a very defensive portfolio because it is non-discretionary, there's no department stores in there," the source said, adding that the asking price was around A$3.5 billion. Details of the sale were circulated last week, the source said. Reuters reported in January that Blackstone is also readying a new $5 billion real estate fund, focused on investing in Asian property such as warehouses and malls in China, India and Australia. Recent filings from Blackstone's first Asia-focused property fund, which invested in Japanese residential real estate, office space in Australia and Chinese shopping malls, show an internal rate of return of 17 percent through September 2016. (Reporting by Tom Westbrook; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Next In Deals Japanese retailer Seven & i to buy Sunoco assets for $3.3 billion TOKYO Japanese retailer Seven & i Holdings Co said on Thursday it would buy most of Sunoco LP's convenience store and gasoline retail businesses for about $3.3 billion. Exclusive: Rockwell to win EU approval for B/E Aero takeover - sources BRUSSELS U.S. aircraft component maker Rockwell Collins is set to gain unconditional EU approval for its $6.4 billion bid for aircraft interior maker B/E Aerospace , two people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday. MGM to take full ownership of Epix in $1 billion deal MGM Holdings Inc said it would acquire the 81 percent of premium U.S. channel Epix it does not already own from two of its partners, Viacom Inc and Lionsgate Entertainment Corp, for about $1 billion. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Oshkosh Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oshkosh Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for NantHealth Inc (NH) NiSource’s (NI) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Cut to “Neutral” at Seaport Global Securities Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Increases RH (RH) Price Target to $44.00 Sidoti Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Omega Protein Co. (OME) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for XL Group Ltd.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (XL) AAON, Inc. (AAON) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $45.33 Target Price for Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Zacks: Analysts Set $45.33 Target Price for Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) AAON, Inc. (AAON) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is New York State Teachers Retirement System’s 5th Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Position Lowered by Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Cpcm LLC Purchases New Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Asturias Capital LLC Increases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Oshkosh Corp (OSK) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC restated their buy rating on shares of Oshkosh Corp (NYSE:OSK) in a research note released on Friday morning. The firm currently has a $85.00 price objective on the stock. OSK has been the topic of a number of other reports. Seaport Global Securities upgraded Oshkosh Corp from an accumulate rating to a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Oshkosh Corp from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $75.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Oshkosh Corp from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $60.00 to $68.00 in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded Oshkosh Corp from a buy rating to a hold rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $72.00 to $71.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada boosted their target price on Oshkosh Corp from $74.00 to $79.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. Oshkosh Corp has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $66.42. Oshkosh Corp (NYSE:OSK) opened at 67.53 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.04 billion, a PE ratio of 22.68 and a beta of 1.75. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $68.69 and its 200-day moving average price is $64.55. Oshkosh Corp has a 12-month low of $38.47 and a 12-month high of $74.16. Oshkosh Corp (NYSE:OSK) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.26 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.14. The company had revenue of $1.21 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.19 billion. Oshkosh Corp had a return on equity of 12.27% and a net margin of 3.54%. Oshkosh Corp’s quarterly revenue was down 3.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.19 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Oshkosh Corp will post $3.39 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/jefferies-group-llc-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-oshkosh-corp-osk.html. In other news, VP David M. Sagehorn sold 47,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.20, for a total value of $3,403,360.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 131,616 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,371,059.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Wilson R. Jones sold 35,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.00, for a total value of $2,415,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 142,623 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,840,987. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 133,300 shares of company stock valued at $9,346,105. Insiders own 2.00% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Oshkosh Corp by 138.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 35,011 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,960,000 after buying an additional 20,353 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new position in Oshkosh Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,891,000. Retirement Systems of Alabama raised its position in Oshkosh Corp by 88.6% in the third quarter. Retirement Systems of Alabama now owns 178,476 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,995,000 after buying an additional 83,836 shares during the last quarter. Boston Advisors LLC raised its position in Oshkosh Corp by 86.7% in the third quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 226,846 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,703,000 after buying an additional 105,336 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Davis R M Inc. raised its position in Oshkosh Corp by 1,361.8% in the third quarter. Davis R M Inc. now owns 211,380 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,837,000 after buying an additional 196,920 shares during the last quarter. 94.60% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Oshkosh Corp Oshkosh Corporation is a manufacturer and marketer of access equipment, specialty vehicles and truck bodies for the primary markets of defense, concrete placement, refuse hauling, access equipment, and fire and emergency. The company’s brands include Oshkosh, JLG, Pierce, McNeilus, IMT, Frontline, Jerr-Dan, CON-E-CO and London. Receive News & Ratings for Oshkosh Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oshkosh Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Financial News Investment Banking JP Morgan’s Pinto: ‘We’ll tackle disruption on our own terms’ Wall Street giant spent billions on technology in 2016 and continued to work closely with the fintech community Daniel Pinto, head of JP Morgan's investment bank Company Photograph By Tim Burke April 5, 2017 Updated: 10:25 a.m. GMT The London-based head of JP Morgan’s investment bank has underlined the importance of staying on the front foot as new technologies reshape the global trading markets. Daniel Pinto, chief executive of the corporate and investment bank at JP Morgan, wrote a letter in the bank’s 2016 annual report, published on April 5, outlining his highlights from the year and expectations for the markets the bank operates in. In the bank’s... To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign In Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Oliver Wyman: Bankers should be happier than fund managers 2. BlackRock’s ‘robot’ stock-pickers are more of a tweak than a game-changer 3. Deal or no deal, there’s more than Brexit on bankers’ minds 4. A history of makeovers leaves Citigroup chasing growth 5. Fund management’s top dealmaker holds steady in gathering storm Top Stories Meet the 29-year-old out to solve Mifid II’s research puzzle Jamie Dimon on tactics, $10bn tech bills and ‘too big to fail’ A decade after RBS, ABN Amro preps a UK banking push JP Morgan’s Pinto: ‘We’ll tackle disruption on our own terms’ Tony Blair’s democratic insurrection against Brexit FURTHER READING FURTHER READING View Will the UK’s new gender pay gap rules help me? Will the UK’s new gender pay gap rules help me? As the UK's gender pay gap rules come into force, an employment expert explains what women can expect from now on Brexit Fund managers plan for the worst in post-Brexit Europe Fund managers plan for the worst in post-Brexit Europe UK firms warned their contingency plans for the £1 trillion EU market need to be in place well before 2019 Fintech Meet the 29-year-old out to solve Mifid II’s research puzzle Meet the 29-year-old out to solve Mifid II’s research puzzle Emma Margetts says the industry is 'absolutely not' prepared for a seismic change in the way investment research is bought and sold © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Share Tweet pcruciatti / Shutterstock.com JP Morgan row back on Brexit jobs threat, EU in trouble Real danger lies in future of EU, not UK. by Westmonster April 5, 2017 Investment bank JP Morgan has rowed back on a warning that 4,000 jobs could be cut by them if the UK voted to leave the EU on June 23rd. Jamie Dimon, who alongside George Osborne said that the firm would have to act quickly in moving jobs, now says that: “This does not entail moving many people in the next two years”. Moreover, Dimon now warns that the real danger lies in the dysfunctional European Union, explaining that: “Our fear, however, is that it could instead result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart. The unravelling of the EU and the monetary union could have devastating economic and political effects. “While we are not predicting this will happen, the probabilities have certainly gone up – and we will keep a close eye on the situation in Europe over the next several years.” The EU is of course doomed. You cannot force a false identity, flag and anti-democratic political system onto citizens who don’t want it. Whether you look at France, Holland or Poland, anti-EU sentiment is now spreading like wildfire across this failing Union. Looks like the real gamble isn’t in Brexit Britain, but in an increasingly disjointed EU bloc. RED ALERT! MAILING LIST Like Follow Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions © Westmonster 2017 Westmonster Ltd is a company registered in England and Wales with the company number 10556525. Registered office: Suite B0266 265-269 Kingston Road Wimbledon London SW19 3NW Hosted by GoDaddy.com 14455 N. Hayden Rd. Ste. 226 Scottsdale AZ 85260 USA
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Elections 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Wed, Apr 05 2017. 11 11 AM IST JPMorgan CEO Dimon, still optimistic, warns ‘something is wrong’ with US Jamie Dimon predicts the US would have a bright economic future if the Trump administration carries out plans to overhaul taxes, rein in rules and boost infrastructure investment Subscribe to our newsletter. Laura J. Keller JPMorgan Chase chief executive officer Jamie Dimon. Photo: Bloomberg New York: JPMorgan Chase & Co. chief executive officer Jamie Dimon has two big pronouncements as the Trump administration starts reshaping the government: “The United States of America is truly an exceptional country,” and “it is clear that something is wrong.” Dimon, leader of world’s most valuable bank and a counsellor to the new president, used his 45-page annual letter to shareholders on Tuesday to list ways America is stronger than ever—before jumping into a much longer list of self-inflicted problems that he said was “upsetting” to write. Here’s the start: Since the turn of the century, the US has dumped trillions of dollars into wars, piled huge debt onto students, forced legions of foreigners to leave after getting advanced degrees, driven millions of Americans out of the workplace with felonies for sometimes minor offences and hobbled the housing market with hastily crafted layers of rules. Dimon, who sits on Donald Trump’s business forum aimed at boosting job growth, is renowned for his optimism and has been voicing support this year for parts of the president’s business agenda. In February, Dimon predicted the US would have a bright economic future if the new administration carries out plans to overhaul taxes, rein in rules and boost infrastructure investment. In an interview last month, he credited Trump with boosting consumer and business confidence in growth, and reawakening “animal spirits.” Understands anger But on Tuesday, reasons for concern kept coming. Labour market participation is low, Dimon wrote. Inner-city schools are failing poor kids. High schools and vocational schools aren’t providing skills to get decent jobs. Infrastructure planning and spending is so anaemic that the US hasn’t built a major airport in more than 20 years. Corporate taxes are so onerous it’s driving capital and brains overseas. Regulation is excessive. “It is understandable why so many are angry at the leaders of America’s institutions, including businesses, schools and governments,” Dimon, 61, summarized. “This can understandably lead to disenchantment with trade, globalization and even our free enterprise system, which for so many people seems not to have worked.” Dimon’s name repeatedly came up last year as a potential Treasury Secretary after Trump rode a wave of populism to win the November election. The job ultimately went to Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs Group Inc. partner who had served as the campaign’s national finance chairman. While Dimon’s letter marked a shift in his typical tone, he said he remains optimistic about JPMorgan’s ability to expand and profit. And the bank’s leaders have confidence in the underlying growth of the US and global economies, he said. ‘Secret sauce’ Still, the US is paying the price for bad decisions, and “something has gone awry in the public’s understanding of business and free enterprise,” he said. “We need trust and confidence in our institutions,” he concluded. “Confidence is the ‘secret sauce’ that, without spending any money, helps the economy grow.” Bloomberg Laura J. Keller Topics: Jamie Dimon JPMorgan US Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase CEO More From Livemint READ MORE Lawyers in Donald Trump’s travel ban case seek emails, subpoenas The movement of ideas Twitter creates ‘lite’ version for data-starved users First Published: Wed, Apr 05 2017. 11 11 AM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart set to raise up to $1.5 billion amid talks to buy Snapdeal Going overboard with cow protection What does Gorakhpur tell us about Yogi Adityanath’s development record? Latest News Lawyers in Donald Trump’s travel ban case seek emails, subpoenas The movement of ideas Twitter creates ‘lite’ version for data-starved users Services PMI rises for second straight month in March, reaches 5-month high Zomato says revenue up 80% to $49 million in FY17 Mint On Sunday Forget Matt Damon, The Great Wall is about China’s quest for global dominance The search for god through the eyes of a child How a famine happens: The tale of South Sudan The thin line between greatness and madness Letter from... Baselworld Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Elections 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Jobs Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Deal of the Year Awards VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In CCMP to acquire Truck Hero April 3, 2017 By Iris Dorbian CCMP Capital Advisors LP has agreed to acquire a controlling stake in Ann Arbor, Michigan-based Truck Hero, a provider of aftermarket accessories for pick-up trucks and Jeeps. No financial terms were disclosed. As a result of the transaction, TA Associates will remain a “significant” investor in Truck Hero as will the company’s CEO Bill Reminder and COO Kelly Kneifl. Ropes & Gray LLP advised CCMP on the transaction while Jefferies LLC and JP Morgan Securities LLC are serving as advisers to Truck Hero. Goodwin Procter LLP is providing legal advice. PRESS RELEASE NEW YORK & ANN ARBOR, Mich.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) and Truck Hero (“the company”) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which affiliates of CCMP will acquire a controlling interest in Truck Hero, a leading provider of highly functional aftermarket accessories for pickup trucks and Jeeps. TA Associates (“TA”), the current holder of a majority interest in Truck Hero, and Truck Hero’s founding Chief Executive Officer Bill Reminder and Chief Operating Officer Kelly Kneifl, will remain significant investors in the company as part of the transaction. Terms of the transaction were not disclosed. Founded in 2007, Truck Hero is the market leader in providing a wide range of functional accessories that enhance customers’ use of their pickup trucks and jeeps. Through its superior engineering, successful new product introductions and the acquisition of strategically and financially attractive add-on brands and products, the company has rapidly grown and today is the market leader across all channels of distribution in the vast majority of its business segments. “We are thrilled to partner with Bill, Kelly and TA to acquire Truck Hero, which has become a fast-growing market leader through relentless innovation, brand-building and customer service,” said Rich Zannino, a Managing Director at CCMP. “We look forward to working with Bill and his highly talented team to build on the company’s outstanding record of growth.” “Over the last decade, our team has done a tremendous job earning customers’ trust through great products and service. Together we’ve built the market’s largest and most respected player,” said Mr. Reminder. “With their deep experience and long track record of successfully partnering with companies like ours, we are confident CCMP is the ideal partner to help us achieve even greater heights.” “Since investing in Truck Hero in 2014, TA Associates has been privileged to partner with Bill Reminder and his team, and we are proud of the growth and accomplishments of the business over this period,” said Michael Berk, a Managing Director at TA. “We look forward to continuing our partnership with management and working alongside CCMP as Truck Hero continues to execute on its organic growth and add-on acquisition strategies.” The transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Ropes & Gray LLP advised CCMP on the transaction. Jefferies LLC is providing the financing and Jefferies LLC and JP Morgan Securities LLC are serving as advisors to Truck Hero and Goodwin Procter LLP is acting as legal counsel. About Truck Hero Truck Hero is the largest aftermarket supplier and online retailer of functional accessories in the fast growing aftermarket truck and jeep accessories market. Headquartered in Ann Arbor, Michigan, Truck Hero was created through the merger of leading truck cover brands Extang and TruXedo in 2007. Through its extensive product innovation and strategic acquisitions of other strong accessory brands, the company quickly became the industry leader. The Truck Hero team’s focus is to provide products that enhance the functionality and aesthetics of pickup trucks and enable customers to customize and personalize their pickup trucks and jeeps with innovative products born from high-quality materials, superior engineering and cutting-edge manufacturing. About CCMP Capital CCMP Capital Advisors, LP (“CCMP”) specializes in middle market buyouts and growth equity investments of $100 million to $500 million in North America and Europe. CCMP focuses on generating alpha through the operational transformation and growth of its portfolio companies. With offices in New York, Houston and London, CCMP invests in three primary industries: Consumer/Retail, Industrial/Chemicals, and Healthcare. Selected investments under management include: Badger Sportswear, The Hillman Group, Jamieson Laboratories, Jetro Cash & Carry, Milacron, PQ Corporation, Pure Gym, and Shoes For Crews. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now to Buyouts to find new deal opportunities, super-charge your fundraising efforts and track top managers. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Blackstone, Prudential, Citi Ventures are hiring by Eamon Murphy New Mountain to acquire TRC Companies by Iris Dorbian Genstar Fund VIII closes with $3.95 bln of capital by Luisa Beltran PPD’s private equity owners in talks to sell stakes: Reuters by Reuters News Ex-Wind Point, Jordan execs launch Growth Catalyst Partners by Luisa Beltran L Catterton invests in Rhone by Iris Dorbian Hess Midstream Partners LP sets IPO pricing terms by Iris Dorbian Vector to acquire Experian’s CCM business by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Jamie Dimon calls for sensible banking regulations By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 4, 2017 | 11:08pm Modal Trigger Jamie Dimon Getty Images More On: jamie dimon Jamie Dimon: Trump tax reform not likely this year Jamie Dimon already has visited the White House twice Jamie Dimon's pay jumps to a whopping $28 million Why Jamie Dimon didn't get Treasury — a job he wanted JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon on Tuesday called for more flexible banking regulations — like having financial institutions be required to hold smaller capital cushions. In his annual letter to shareholders — one that was more focused on public policy than his bank — Dimon seemed to reach all the way to Washington in an attempt to effect change in a very pro-business administration. Dimon, 61, said easing off on some regulation would spur lending. Over 45 pages, Dimon said the banking sector could survive more sensible regulation because it is “safer and stronger today” — because of many of the provisions in the Dodd-Frank financial laws, including higher capital requirements. “We are not looking to throw out the entirety of Dodd-Frank or other rules,” he wrote, adding that he wants to “open up the rulebook in the light of day” to scrap some rules. Dimon said that while US was still the greatest country in the world, there is “something wrong” within its borders. “Our problems are significant, and they are not the singular purview of either political party,” the executive wrote. “We need coherent, consistent, comprehensive and coordinated policies that help fix these problems.” The solutions, he said, are not about Democrats or Republicans, but about facts, analysis, ideas and best practices. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under jamie dimon ,  jpmorgan chase ,  wall street Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Fed leak led to big bucks for investors Read Next Fed leak led to big bucks for investors Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 53,918 'A night of erotic freedom' at NYC's most exclusive sex party 40,524 Dad cradles dead twins after Syrian gas attack 30,005 This couple uses Instagram to make a fortune traveling the world Now On Ex-Hearst exec convicted of not paying child support is a ‘great dad’ Group accuses Hilton of ruining Passover plans Why director wanted Michelle Rodriguez for gender-bending role SEE ALL Video Passenger from hell threatens to accuse Uber driver of rape More Stories pagesix Donald Trump Jr. talks about running for governor of New York Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Under Fire Thanks To Sex Scene With Underage Actress nypost 'A night of erotic freedom' at NYC's most exclusive sex party New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase 2016 Annual Report JPMorgan Chase 2016 Annual Report Tuesday, 4 April 2017 (2 days ago) NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. ("JPMorgan Chase" or the "Firm") has released its 2016 Annual Report. The report is now available on the Firm’s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/annual-report-proxy. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial t » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Recent related news JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise PriceNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) (the “Firm”) has made an announcement regarding an adjustment to the Exercise Price for the... Business Wire 1 day ago - Press Releases MPI publishes Annual Report for 2016* *Medical Prognosis Institute A/S ("MPI") publishes the Annual Report for 2016. For the complete report, see the following link* * Annual Report 2016 * *. A... GlobeNewswire 6 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •EQS Group •FinanzNachrichten.de Tenaris Files Annual Report 2016 and Convenes Annual General Meetings of ShareholdersLUXEMBOURG--(Marketwired - Mar 31, 2017) - Tenaris S.A. (NYSE: TS) (BAE: TS) (BMV: TS) (MILAN: TEN) announces that it has filed today its annual report for the... Marketwired 5 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •GlobeNewswire JPMorgan Chase building big new campus, landing 4,000 jobs in Tempe; shifting some jobs from Chase Tower downtownJPMorgan Chase & Co. is developing a big new 67-acre campus in Tempe with plans of eventually locating more 4,000 jobs there. Chase (NYSE: JPM) will land the big... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business Exec: Two years in, and JPMorgan Chase has its Raleigh dream teamNearly two years into its Triangle tenure and JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) has the hires in place to compete. That’s according to Brent Gore, the bank's market... bizjournals 3 days ago - Business Here’s where Chase is opening new branches in FloridaChase will open 16 new branch offices in Florida this year, including in the Jacksonville area. Chase, the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Chase pulls YouTube ads, sees little change in impressionsAdvertising dollars were being wasted at JPMorgan Chase & Co. At least that's what appears to be the case after the New York banking giant pulled all digital ads... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Other recent news in Press Releases Virginia HEALTH CARE Foundation Launches Free-Medicines Mobile App with Support from Owens & Minor EOS imaging Announces First Sale of EOS System in ISRAEL JASON ALDEAN Unveils Madame Tussauds Nashville Wax Figure During Academy of Country Music Awards™ Weekend PANERA BREAD COMPANY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces Investigation Of Buyout BOSTON RED SOX and Museum of Science, Boston Begin Multi-year Partnership MCAFEE Labs Report Highlights Critical Challenges to Threat Intelligent Sharing Mark R. Lonneman Named President of American EMPIRE Surplus Lines Insurance Company Arconic Announces Cash Tender Offers by CITIGROUP Global Markets Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC for up to $1,000,000,000 Aggregate Principal Amount of Arconic’s Outstanding Debt Securities It’s Reigning Cats and Dogs in Petplan PET INSURANCE’s Tournament of Tails Guaranteed Rate and CHICAGO WHITE SOX Partner for Guaranteed Impact Program; Kids Positively Impacting Their Communities to Be Celebrated with Complimentary Suite at Guaranteed Rate Field Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Bashar al-Assad Aung San Suu Kyi Melania Trump Current Topics New Zealand Australia Presidents Bartolo Colon Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has Jurassic Park Been Found Down Under? Is This The Smallest UK Box Office Gross Of All Time? MOVIE REVIEW: The Boss Baby Get Ready To Morph Again - There's Even More Power Rangers Movies Planned MOVIE REVIEW: Smurfs: The Lost Village Disney Is Being Sued Over Zootopia - And They're Confident They'll Win Krispy Kreme Is Having To Rebrand Itself Abroad - Because One Country Isn't Sure How To Pronounce It Donald Trump Signed a Bill To Boost NASA's Exploration Funding - But Elon Musk Isn't Too Optimistic Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Altyn PLC (ALTN) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at VSA Capital Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc Landec Co. (LNDC) Announces Earnings Results Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at equinet AG SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Effect Marathon Oil (MRO) Share Price Paul Hayes Sells 10,335 Shares of Vitec Group plc (VTC) Stock Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR.A) Given $9.75 Average Target Price by Analysts JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) in a report published on Monday. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Independent Research GmbH set a €111.00 ($118.09) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a buy rating on shares of Bayer AG in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €101.00 ($107.45) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Commerzbank Ag set a €118.00 ($125.53) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a €120.00 ($127.66) price objective on Bayer AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €111.75 ($118.88). Shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) opened at 108.11 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of €89.40 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.87. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €106.54 and a 200-day moving average of €97.98. Bayer AG has a 52-week low of €83.87 and a 52-week high of €112.11. WARNING: “Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/bayer-ags-bayn-buy-rating-reiterated-at-citigroup-inc.html. Bayer AG Company Profile . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Altyn PLC (ALTN) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at VSA Capital Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG Bayer AG’s (BAYN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc Landec Co. (LNDC) Announces Earnings Results Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at equinet AG SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Effect Marathon Oil (MRO) Share Price Paul Hayes Sells 10,335 Shares of Vitec Group plc (VTC) Stock Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR.A) Given $9.75 Average Target Price by Analysts JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet DZ Bank AG reaffirmed their neutral rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) in a report published on Monday morning. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on HEN3. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. BNP Paribas set a €119.00 ($126.60) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Nord/LB set a €116.00 ($123.40) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, December 30th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €110.00 ($117.02) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €108.00 ($114.89) price objective on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company. Henkel AG & Co KGaA currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €122.50 ($130.31). Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 122.95 on Monday. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52-week low of €96.00 and a 52-week high of €123.45. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €119.57 and a 200 day moving average price of €115.55. The company has a market capitalization of €53.39 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.01. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Henkel AG & Co KGaA’s (HEN3) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at DZ Bank AG” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/henkel-ag-co-kgaas-hen3-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-dz-bank-ag.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SAP SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAP SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Landec Co. (LNDC) Announces Earnings Results Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €38.00 Price Target at equinet AG SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Effect Marathon Oil (MRO) Share Price Paul Hayes Sells 10,335 Shares of Vitec Group plc (VTC) Stock Petroleo Brasileiro SA Petrobras (PBR.A) Given $9.75 Average Target Price by Analysts JPMorgan China Region Fund Inc (JFC) Hits New 1-Year High After Insider Buying Activity EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.37 Franklin Covey (FC) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.38 Calamos Global Dynamic Income Fund (CHW) Hits New 1-Year High Following Dividend Announcement NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Ford Motor Company (F) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Brinker International (EAT) Share Price Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share SAP SE (SAP) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet SAP SE (ETR:SAP) has been assigned a €100.00 ($106.38) target price by stock analysts at Commerzbank Ag in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €100.00 ($106.38) price target on SAP SE and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Societe Generale set a €111.00 ($118.09) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €95.00 ($101.06) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Morgan Stanley set a €94.00 ($100.00) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Independent Research GmbH set a €85.00 ($90.43) target price on SAP SE and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and sixteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of €91.93 ($97.80). SAP SE (ETR:SAP) opened at 91.883 on Tuesday. SAP SE has a one year low of €63.00 and a one year high of €92.92. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €89.58 and a 200-day moving average price of €83.37. The firm has a market capitalization of €110.13 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.225. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/sap-se-sap-given-a-100-00-price-target-by-commerzbank-ag-analysts.html. About SAP SE SAP SE (SAP) is a software and service provider. The Company offers enterprise application software. The Company operates through two segments: Applications, Technology & Services segment, and the SAP Business Network segment. The Applications, Technology & Services segment is engaged in the sale of software licenses, subscriptions to its cloud applications, and related services (primarily support services and various professional services, and support services, as well as implementation services of its software products and education services on the use of its products). Receive News & Ratings for SAP SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SAP SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Brendon Thorne/Bloomberg Five Reasons Why Hedge Funds in Danger Zone Across Commodities by Susanne Barton @SuziAnn2 More stories by Susanne Barton April 5, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT Momentum measures likely to turn negative, JPMorgan says Long wagers in palladium, cotton are at elevated levels Hedge funds’ speculative positions are at “pretty elevated levels” in commodities amid signs of ample inventories in some materials and concerns over the outlook for demand in China, according to JPMorgan Chase & Co.  Momentum measures and futures positioning in some assets are likely to turn “incrementally more negative,” especially for base metals, said Nikolaos Panigirtzoglou, global market strategist at JPMorgan. In March, the Bloomberg Commodity Index posted the biggest monthly loss since July. These charts show why a sell-off among hedge funds could emerge in coming months. 1. Crude Retrenchment Speculative positions in crude oil “have declined from overbought to average levels, but we see a risk of further downshifting,” JPMorgan said in a March 31 report. “In all the previous swings, oil positions did not stay at average levels, but swung from overbought to oversold levels and vice versa.” 2. Short Interest on Stocks Speculators have been reducing short interest on the biggest commodity equities. A review of five of the biggest global commodity stocks shows short interest in those companies has slipped significantly since last year, which Panigirtzoglou said suggests the sector may be overbought. Stock  % Change in Short Interest (Jan. 4, 2016-March 31, 2017) BHP Billiton -14 Rio Tinto -77 Glencore -88 Vale  -74 Barrick Gold  -90 Source: Data compiled by Bloomberg, Markit data 3. Palladium Signals Speculators have been bullish on palladium. Net-long positions in futures and options contracts are at elevated levels, and the commodity appears “overbought,” Panigirtzoglou said. Futures of the metal used in automotive pollution-control devices touched the highest in two years on Wednesday, even after carmakers posted a surprise sales decline in March as discounts failed to buoy demand. 4. Metals Momentum Copper has also shown signs that momentum could turn negative. The ratio of copper net-long positions to the metal’s open interest is near the highest since at least 2006. Futures reached the highest since 2015 in February, and have since struggled to regain momentum amid concerns about demand prospects. If the price remains in the current range, the momentum signal will “inevitably turn negative” some time close to May, Panigirtzoglou said. 5. Cotton Divergence Traders have piled into cotton, buoyed by demand prospects from China and the outlook for a third straight annual deficit that is trimming global stockpiles. Yet speculators may see near-term price pressures amid expectations for higher production. The surge in cotton prices is likely to boost U.S. plantings, the U.S. government said last week. While net-long positions in futures and options have held near a record reached last month, Commodity Futures Trading Commission data show, futures prices have slumped for two straight weeks. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Young Americans Are Killing Marriage These Are the World’s 50 Best Restaurants Global Shipping Fleet Braces for Chaos of $60 Billion Fuel Shock Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price Financial Engines (FNGN) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hecla Mining Company (HL) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Insider Selling: PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Sells 13,579 Shares of Stock Christopher Andrew Carlsen Sells 85,000 Shares of Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) Stock Huntsman Co. (HUN) VP Sells $562,839.60 in Stock Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) CFO Eva F. Huston Sells 12,975 Shares Global Ltd Gull Sells 13,524 Shares of USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Stock Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.43 Lorillard (LO) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows pdvWireless (PDVW) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Brokerages Anticipate FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Will Announce Earnings of $1.72 Per Share Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) have been trending somewhat positive on Wednesday, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research group, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of press coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Alphabet earned a news impact score of 0.09 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about Alphabet an impact score of 46 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is somewhat unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s analysis: Insider Selling: Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Sells 4,000 Shares of Stock (americanbankingnews.com) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Alphabet Inc (GOOG) to Announce $9.53 Earnings Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) U.S. judge warns Uber in Waymo self-driving car case (feeds.reuters.com) YouTube TV: Here’s Why Alphabet Inc (GOOG) is Trending (feedproxy.google.com) BRIEF-Youtube launches YouTube TV service in areas including New York, Los Angeles- blog (feeds.reuters.com) GOOG has been the topic of a number of research reports. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $1,040.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and forty-three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $959.52. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded down 0.38% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $831.41. 1,555,328 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $832.43 and a 200 day moving average price of $798.77. The firm has a market cap of $574.85 billion, a PE ratio of 29.82 and a beta of 0.94. Alphabet has a 12 month low of $663.28 and a 12 month high of $853.50. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $9.67 by $0.31. The firm had revenue of $26.04 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.18 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $8.67 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Alphabet will post $33.27 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Alphabet news, Director L John Doerr sold 15,641 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $799.20, for a total value of $12,500,287.20. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 3,443 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,751,645.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $817.76, for a total transaction of $1,635,520.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 9,800 shares in the company, valued at $8,014,048. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 281,688 shares of company stock worth $229,096,687 over the last quarter. 13.92% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/somewhat-positive-media-coverage-somewhat-unlikely-to-impact-alphabet-goog-stock-price.html. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine InternationalNews 4 Issues Trump Will Likely Confront Chinese Leader About EconomyCommentary Export-Import Bank’s Secret Dealings Demonstrate the Problem With Crony Capitalism InternationalCommentary Assad Is Using Chemical Weapons. How Trump Can Counter the Barbarism. SecurityNews What Could Be Next for Susan Rice in ‘Unmasking’ Controversy  LawCommentary California Races to Become Sanctuary State, Shunning Federal Law and Its Own Residents  LawNews Department of Homeland Security: Courthouse Arrests Are Necessary Because of Sanctuary City Policies   SocietyNews How Illegal Immigrant Suspects in Rockville High Rape Case Were Able to Settle in America  LawCommentary The Left’s Sanctuary Cities Hurt Americans’ Safety Health Care Commentary Kansas Almost Voted to Expand Medicaid. What Other States Should Learn From This Near-Mistake. Health Care News Texas State Coalition Sends Letter to Trump Voicing Support for the Freedom Caucus Health Care News Conservatives Skeptical of White House’s Proposed Changes to Obamacare Replacement Bill  PoliticsNews What Newt Gingrich Sees as Missteps by Trump, House Leaders in Failed Obamacare Repeal Law News All Sitting Supreme Court Justices Have Been Involved With Federalist Society, Labeled a ‘Front’ Group by Democrats Law Commentary The 2 Cases That Prove Neil Gorsuch Is Right for the Supreme Court Law News After Clearing Committee Vote, Here’s What’s Next for Gorsuch Law News 8 Cases Show How Gorsuch Might Rule on Freedom of the Press  Security News In Shift From Obama, Trump Leans on Military in Fight Against Terrorism Security Commentary Confronting Terrorism Is Every American’s Responsibility Security Commentary US-Led Coalition Must Keep the Pressure on ISIS Security News Alleged Surveillance of Trump Team Fuels Debate Over Government Spying Security Feature A Century After the US Entered World War I, Modern-Day Trench Warfare Continues in Ukraine Security Feature In Ukraine, Russia Weaponizes Fake News to Fight a Real War Security News Russia May Have Taken Advantage of Attention on London to Ignite Violence in Ukraine Security News Hopes Fade for a Political Solution to the War in Ukraine EconomyCommentary Export-Import Bank’s Secret Dealings Demonstrate the Problem With Crony Capitalism Diane Katz / @Dianeskatz / April 05, 2017 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print Aeromexico will recieve a medium-term transaction from the Ex-Im bank, though its nature is unknown. (Photo: Randall Hill/Reuters/Newscom) Commentary By Diane Katz / @Dianeskatz Diane Katz, who has analyzed and written on public policy issues for more than two decades, is a research fellow in regulatory policy at The Heritage Foundation. Read her research. The annual conference of the Export-Import Bank begins Thursday, which is an opportune time to catch up with the federal agency that doles out billions of dollars in subsidies to benefit foreign governments and titans of industry. Of particular interest are transaction details that the bank won’t reveal, as well as its relatively limp support for small business. Over at the bank’s downtown District of Columbia headquarters, most everyone is concerned about what President Donald Trump will do. The Ex-Im charter is authorized through September 2019, but there are three vacancies on the five-seat board of directors. The lack of a quorum limits the size of bank deals to $10 million or less, including export loans and loan guarantees as well as capital and credit insurance. (That’s how it is supposed to work, in any event.) Ex-Im opponents are hoping that the president will, at the very least, maintain the status quo—although the best course of action would be to eliminate the bank altogether. (More on that below.) But the Ex-Im lobby is pushing for Trump to nominate board candidates and negotiate their Senate confirmation. Doing so would free up billions of dollars in subsidies for Boeing Co., General Electric Co., Caterpillar, and the like—that is, multinational corporations that do not lack access to capital and which can finance exports without taxpayer handouts. On the other hand, Congress could—at least conceivably—exercise leadership and phase the bank out of existence. It is not as if there is a shortage of private export financing: U.S. exports totaled $2.2 trillion in fiscal year 2016, with Ex-Im supporting just 0.22 percent ($5 billion). Who benefitted from that $5 billion? Ex-Im officials are keeping mum, although the transactions are supposed to be public. But if allowed to operate in secret, citizens and their representatives in Congress cannot determine whether the bank is complying with the $10 million transaction limit or with the other rules it has violated in the past. The Heritage Foundation made repeated requests in the past five weeks for information on 48 transactions in fiscal year 2016 that far exceeded the $10 million limit. For example, both JPMorgan Chase & Co. and TD Bank, N.A. were awarded a whopping $500 million on Dec. 14, 2015, and Wells Fargo & Co. was awarded $200 million on the same day. Several others were awarded between $15 million and $150 million. According to Ex-Im officials, some of the awards in question represent taxpayer-backed insurance for U.S. banks that issue letters of credit used overseas to finance foreign firms’ purchases of American exports. However, Ex-Im’s public database does not identify the borrowers or exporters, products or countries, involved in at least half of those 48 transactions, and multiple requests for details were in vain. Ex-Im representatives claim that prior boards of directors have authorized bank staff to unilaterally approve short-term transactions that exceed $10 million. But they also said that individual transactions under this so-called delegated authority are subject to limits of $10 million for corporate entities, $25 million for financial institutions, and $35 million for sovereign entities. Alas, without transaction details, neither Congress nor the public can determine whether the awards of $500 million, $200 million, $150 million, and the like were proper. Also in fiscal year 2016, there were five transactions listed in the bank database as approved by the board—although there was no board quorum to approve deals at the time. Borrower Lender Amount Program Zeeco Inc. J.P. Morgan Chase $72 million Working Capital Loan Thrustmaster of Texas ZB, National Association $27 million Working Capital Loan Jyoti Americas, Llc. Cadence Bank $18.9 million Working Capital Loan Frontier Spinning Mills PNC Bank $13.5 million Working Capital Loan Aeromexico Banco Nacional do Mexico $10.2 million Medium-term Loan Guarantee According to a bank representative, the working capital loans were approved by the board when a quorum existed, and represent installments of multiyear authorizations. However, the decision dates for the four transactions are listed as fiscal year 2016, and prior entries for the same companies do not indicate a multiyear authorization. The one medium-term transaction, for Aeromexico, refers to an amendment to a transaction approved by the board in 2014, according to an Ex-Im representative. The nature of the amendment is unknown, although the representative did say that Ex-Im staff exercised their (supposed) delegated authority to approve the (supposedly proper) amendment. Throughout the two-year debate over reauthorization of the Ex-Im charter, proponents incessantly claimed that small business was the bank’s “core mission.” That simply wasn’t true. Just 20 percent or less of total financing went to small businesses. But lacking a quorum, and thus barred from dispensing billions of dollars in export subsidies to the big guys, one might think that bank officials would maximize its small-business assistance. But that didn’t happen. The bank reported $2.7 billion in authorizations to benefit small business in fiscal year 2016, which was about half of the level of small-business support from two years before. Obviously, they aren’t banging down Ex-Im’s door for help. The vast majority of small-business exporters do not need—and do not receive—taxpayer subsidies. Indeed, small businesses ranked “exporting my products/services” as the least problematic of 75 business problems assessed in an annual survey by the National Federation of Independent Business Research Foundation. The cost of health care ranked as the most severe problem. The debate about Ex-Im isn’t about helping small business. It is about the powerful bond between big business and big government. Ex-Im subsidies are neither the biggest nor worst manifestation of corporate welfare. But change in Washington is tortuous, and ending Ex-Im is a practical and rational target at present for reasons both material and ideological. Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, some members of Congress believe that a few legislative tweaks will remedy all that is wrong with the bank. Ex-Im officials have thwarted past attempts by Congress to impose reforms. More importantly, no amount of bureaucratic tinkering can shield taxpayers from bailouts in the event that bank reserves run dry—as occurred in the 1980s—nor will it protect American businesses from the disadvantages of the U.S. government subsidizing their foreign competitors. There isn’t an economist alive who could coherently argue that Ex-Im subsidies don’t distort credit and labor markets—and always to the detriment of those who remain independent of the welfare state. That is why Trump and Congress must eliminate the bank, both to prove that cronyism can be restrained, and because it would most benefit the nation. The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print Trending Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Ukraine Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Hedge funds are investing in bank stocks at record pace By Carleton English View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 6, 2017 | 12:01am Modal Trigger Stock specialists work at the Bank of America/Merrill Lynch post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Getty Images More On: hedge funds Fed leak led to big bucks for investors Wall Street prodigy is closing down his $7 billion hedge fund Hedge funds close at faster pace in 2016 than 2009 recession Paul Singer accuses aluminum giant's bosses of buying their jobs Come on, hedgies — you call bank stocks an alternative investment? Hedge funds’ exposure to bank stocks hit record levels at the start of 2017, but many may have piled into the trade too late. Hedge funds had 5.1 percent — or $33 billion — of their portfolios invested in financial institutions at the start of the year, according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch report released Wednesday. Both figures were record highs since Bank of America started tracking such data in 2005. Among the hedge funds buying into the enthusiasm was Dan Loeb’s Third Point, which holds Bank of America and JPMorgan. “On November 8th, our financials portfolio was 4.4 percent of the fund. One day later, it was 6 percent, one week later, 10.5 percent; one month later, 11.8 percent,” Loeb wrote in a February letter to investors. Other banks favored by hedge funds are Citigroup and Wells Fargo. Most bank stocks rallied immediately following the November election on expectations of a more Wall Street-friendly, regulation-light administration. The early buyers were quickly rewarded, but laggards may have lost. While the KBW bank index is up 15 percent since the election, it is down 1.3 percent this year. Even worse, hedge funds may have missed what is looking like the better play for 2017. As funds money poured into financials, it was pulled out of technology, with financial weights growing by 2 percent and technology falling by 4.1 percent, the Bank of America report said. The broader financial industry is up only 1.7 percent this year, while technology has gained a massive 10.2 percent, with other hedgie favorites like Apple and Facebook up more than 20 percent. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under banks ,  citigroup ,  finance ,  hedge funds ,  investments ,  merrill lynch ,  stocks ,  third point ,  wells fargo Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next How the Fed could bail out Trump and the US Read Next How the Fed could bail out Trump and the US Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 53,918 'A night of erotic freedom' at NYC's most exclusive sex party 40,524 Dad cradles dead twins after Syrian gas attack 30,005 This couple uses Instagram to make a fortune traveling the world Now On Ex-Hearst exec convicted of not paying child support is a ‘great dad’ Group accuses Hilton of ruining Passover plans Why director wanted Michelle Rodriguez for gender-bending role SEE ALL Video Passenger from hell threatens to accuse Uber driver of rape More Stories pagesix Donald Trump Jr. talks about running for governor of New York Now On Decider Alec Baldwin Under Fire Thanks To Sex Scene With Underage Actress nypost 'A night of erotic freedom' at NYC's most exclusive sex party New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Financial Engines (FNGN) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hecla Mining Company (HL) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Insider Selling: PROS Holdings, Inc. (PRO) CEO Sells 13,579 Shares of Stock Christopher Andrew Carlsen Sells 85,000 Shares of Birchcliff Energy Ltd. (BIR) Stock Huntsman Co. (HUN) VP Sells $562,839.60 in Stock Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) CFO Eva F. Huston Sells 12,975 Shares Global Ltd Gull Sells 13,524 Shares of USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Stock Raytheon Company (RTN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.43 Lorillard (LO) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows pdvWireless (PDVW) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.44 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings (OLLI) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 Brokerages Anticipate FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) Will Announce Earnings of $1.72 Per Share AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Expected to Post Earnings of $2.12 Per Share Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) have been trending somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Invesco earned a daily sentiment score of 0.21 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news headlines about Invesco an impact score of 88 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Invesco from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Invesco from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $30.00 to $37.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Citigroup Inc lifted their price target on shares of Invesco to $33.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “market perform” rating on shares of Invesco in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $34.70. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) traded down 0.69% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $30.28. 1,967,647 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $12.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.70 and a beta of 1.82. Invesco has a 12 month low of $23.01 and a 12 month high of $33.46. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $31.65 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.97. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.59 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58 by $0.01. Invesco had a net margin of 18.04% and a return on equity of 11.79%. The company had revenue of $1.19 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $867.07 million. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.58 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Invesco will post $2.41 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-very-likely-to-effect-invesco-ivz-stock-price.html. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Ben Torres/Special Contributor With new Irving campus, health care giant McKesson looks to add almost 1,000 employees Filed under Health Care at 8 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Melissa Repko Connect with Melissa Repko On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now One of North Texas’ largest job imports this year, health-care giant McKesson, will formally open the doors to its new Irving campus Thursday with plans to bring nearly 1,000 jobs to the Dallas-Fort Worth area. San Francisco-based McKesson delivers pharmaceuticals, business services and medical supplies to hospitals, health-care systems and retail pharmacies across the country and around the world. It has more than 70,000 employees. One-third of pharmaceuticals used each day in North America are delivered by McKesson. A break room inside the new offices of McKesson in Irving. Ben Torres/Special Contributor The U.S. pharmaceutical distributor is one of the largest announced corporate moves to North Texas, along with other giants like State Farm with 8,000 workers, JP Morgan Chase with 6,000 workers and Toyota with 5,000 workers. McKesson’s new campus has capacity for about 2,400 people.   The nine biggest corporate moves in the works in North Texas McKesson already had approximately 900 employees at several different offices in the Dallas-Fort Worth area. With its new corporate office in Irving, McKesson pledged to add 975 new jobs and spend $157 million in capital investments. It’s been awarded a grant of $9.75 million in economic incentives from the Texas Enterprise Fund -- one of the largest grants awarded by the state since Toyota. The city of Irving is also providing more than $2 million in incentives to McKesson. The major corporate office will become the new home of the company’s U.S. Pharmaceuticals Group, which will move from San Francisco to Irving. It is the company’s largest business unit and biggest revenue driver. McKesson’s four major offices will now be in San Francisco, Dallas, Scottsdale and Atlanta. Chief executive officer John Hammergren said McKesson looked to Dallas-Fort Worth for expansion because of its large existing employee base, its reasonable cost of living and Texas’ business-friendly climate. He said its central location and time zone are a great fit for a pharmaceutical supply chain company.  He called the U.S. Pharmaceutical Group, which will be based in Irving, “the core of our business.” Hammergren said McKesson’s mission of boosting efficiency is especially relevant as healthcare companies look to cut costs and serve an aging U.S. population that demands more pharmaceuticals and medical care. McKesson bought the former NEC Corporation of America office on State Highway 114 in Las Colinas. The campus is made up of a five-story building and nine-story building, which are connected to one another. Its amenities include a large cafeteria, fitness center and a tech bar that’s modeled after the Apple store’s Genius Bar. The campus also has a museum-like display with models of a doctor’s office, pharmacy counter and hospital room to demonstrate how McKesson helps keep pharmaceuticals and supplies in stock. McKesson employees and construction workers prepare the company's Vision Center for the grand opening of the new McKesson offices in Irving,. The museum-like display is used to  educate clients and employees about company operations. Ben Torres/Special Contributor It is also home to a large conference center that will host training seminars and conferences of McKesson employees who fly in from around the country. On Wednesday, workers put the finishing touches on the new McKesson campus by mulching flowerbeds, rearranging furniture and hanging artwork on the walls. McKesson will host a grand opening Thursday that will be attended by company executives, Gov. Abbott, Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne and chamber of commerce members. The new campus has an open layout of cubicles and flexible meeting rooms of different sizes.  Ben Torres/Special Contributor The pharmaceutical distributor ranked fifth on the Fortune 500 list last year, but unlike its large corporate peers Walmart, Exxon Mobil and Apple, its name is lesser known. “There’s a famous saying, ‘McKesson is the largest company you’ve never heard,” said Mike Huaco, McKesson’s senior vice president of corporate real estate. McKesson bills itself as the oldest and largest healthcare company in the U.S. It was started in 1883 by John McKesson and Charles Olcott, who opened a drug import and wholesale business in Manhattan. View Comments Tags Health Care Real Estate Business Economy Jobs Irving Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Stocks wither as Fed plans throw cold water on early rally April 5, 2017 • Business NEW YORK (AP) — A big rally in U.S. stocks evaporated Wednesday as the Federal Reserve appeared to struggle with questions related to inflation and government policy and suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks had jumped early on after payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 263,000 jobs in March, which was more than analysts expected. [auth] The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an all-time intraday high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. But stocks halted their advance and started falling at 2 p.m. Eastern, when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed’s bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Donald Trump’s stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars’ worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds mature, it has continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent from 2.36 percent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped $1.12, or 1.3 percent, to $86.19 and BB&T shed 56 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $43.98. Banks made strong gains in early trading but they wound up with much bigger losses than the rest of the market. For the last couple of months it seemed investors and the Fed understood each other well, as the central bank indicated it intended to keep raising interest rates gradually assuming the economy continued to grow at a steady clip. It raised rates in December and March. The uncertainty reflected in the Fed’s March meeting may challenge that understanding. Soup and sandwich chain Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for $315 a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet’s Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock jumped in recent days thanks to rumors about a deal. It rose $38.94, or 14.2 percent, to $312.94. The stock was trading at $230 a share a month ago. Early Wednesday, U.S. and European regulators approved the sale of Swiss agribusiness Syngenta to ChemChina. ChemChina will have to sell some businesses to complete the $43 billion deal, but those rulings may have made investors more hopeful that two other giant chemical deals will be approved. Dow Chemical and DuPont, which plan to combine, both rose. Dow Chemical gained 32 cents to $63.52 and DuPont added 67 cents to $80.47. Monsanto reported profit and sales that were far better than analysts expected. Monsanto said profits from its corn and soybean businesses grew in the fiscal second quarter. It also backed its forecasts for the year and said its sale to Bayer of Germany should close by the end of the year. The stock rose $1.10, or 1 percent, to $115.31. Greenbrier, which makes railroad freight car equipment, announced a bigger profit and better sales than analysts expected. It also said rail traffic is growing and announced a $1 billion agreement with a key customer. Greenbrier stock climbed $4.30, or 10 percent, to $47.25. U.S. crude oil rose 12 cents to $51.15 a barrel in New York. Brent, the international standard, gained 19 cents to $54.36 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline remained at $1.72 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Natural gas decline 3 cents to $3.27 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold sank $9.90 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver lost 14 cents to $18.19 an ounce. Copper jumped 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.68 a pound. Those moves reflected investors’ earlier optimism, as precious metals trading ends before stock trading does. The dollar rose to 110.86 yen from 110.65 yen. The euro fell to $1.0667 from $1.0670. The FTSE 100 index in Britain gained 0.1 percent. France’s CAC 40 lost 0.2 percent and the DAX in Germany fell 0.5 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index gained 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng advanced 0.6 percent. The Kospi of South Korea finished little changed. Related Posts About the Author: - Associated Press Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « GTO Beef Jerky New ways to return online purchases that just aren’t right » Business Review GTO Beef Jerky Dining Guide Peppers Grill & Bar Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Albuquerque Schools approve budget cuts, possible layoffs April 5, 2017 Truck, freight train collide at eastern New Mexico crossing April 5, 2017 Man accused of killing officer sentenced on weapons charges April 5, 2017 New Mexico, Texas seek licenses to store spent nuclear fuel April 5, 2017 Santa Fe gallery company closes bronze foundry in Tesuque April 5, 2017 Deadline nears for Gov. Martinez to act on legislation April 4, 2017 Albuquerque police: Woman found dead on I-40 unidentified April 4, 2017 New Mexico university regents postpone tuition hike decision April 4, 2017 Television pilot ‘Scalped’ to begin filming in New Mexico April 4, 2017 Police: New Mexico’s man death is suspicious April 3, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Total SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Total SA (FP) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Alexandria Real Estate Equities (ARE) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Arena Pharmaceuticals (ARNA) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Approach Resources (AREX) Stock Price Curbstone Financial Management Corp Has $548,000 Position in Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Curbstone Financial Management Corp Has $478,000 Stake in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Sold by Curbstone Financial Management Corp Prudential Financial Inc (PRU) Position Reduced by First American Trust FSB First American Trust FSB Sells 3,158 Shares of XPO Logistics Inc (XPO) Oak Valley Bancorp (OVLY) Director Ronald C. Martin Sells 1,500 Shares of Stock Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Director Linda Rottenberg Sells 537 Shares of Stock Dermira Inc (DERM) Director William R. Ringo Sells 500 Shares of Stock StrongBow Exploration Inc. (SBW) Director David Grenville Thomas Purchases 98,500 Shares of Stock Plateau Uranium Inc (PLU) Insider Robert Disbrow Acquires 19,000 Shares of Stock Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages ImmunoGen, Inc. (IMGN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Bridges Investment Management Inc. Has $542,000 Position in E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (DD) Total SA (FP) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Total SA (EPA:FP) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the fifteen analysts that are currently covering the firm. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price target among analysts that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is €51.40 ($54.68). A number of research firms have recently weighed in on FP. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €60.00 ($63.83) price target on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Morgan Stanley set a €50.00 ($53.19) price target on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €48.50 ($51.60) price target on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. S&P Global set a €55.00 ($58.51) price target on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €52.00 ($55.32) price target on shares of Total SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/total-sa-fp-receives-average-rating-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Total SA (EPA:FP) traded up 0.52% on Wednesday, hitting €48.00. 7,045,883 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of €117.27 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.12. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of €47.27 and a 200 day moving average price of €45.89. Total SA has a 1-year low of €38.38 and a 1-year high of €49.50. Total SA Company Profile Total SA (Total) is a France-based oil and gas company. It has three segments: the Upstream segment, including the activities of the exploration and production of hydrocarbons, and the activities of gas; the Refining & Chemicals segment constituting an industrial hub consisting of the activities of refining, petrochemicals and specialty chemicals, and also includes the activities of oil trading and shipping, and the Marketing & Services segment, including the activities of supply and marketing in the field of petroleum products, as well as the activity of New Energies. Receive News & Ratings for Total SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Total SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Latest Ireland World Sport Business Showbiz Lotto Ireland Today Business Farming World Deaths Weather National Weather Connacht Leinster Munster Ulster World More Web Archive Horoscopes Special Reports HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Colm Cooper Garda scandal Brexit Home»Breaking News»business US stocks tread water as Fed sparks caution Wednesday, April 05, 2017 - 10:45 pm US stocks erased earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve released the minutes from its March meeting - hinting it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks jumped after payroll processor ADP said private US businesses added 263,000 jobs in March. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an all-time high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. But stocks halted their advance when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes showed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed's bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Donald Trump's stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 per cent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 per cent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 per cent, to 1,352.14. The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars' worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds mature, it has continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 per cent from 2.36 per cent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped $1.12, or 1.3 percent, to 86.19 dollars and BB&T shed 56 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to 43.98 dollars. Banks made strong gains in early trading but they wound up with much bigger losses than the rest of the market. For the last couple of months it seemed investors and the Fed understood each other well, as the central bank indicated it intended to keep raising interest rates gradually assuming the economy continued to grow at a steady clip. It raised rates in December and March. The uncertainty reflected in the Fed's March meeting may challenge that understanding. Soup and sandwich chain Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for 315 dollars a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet's Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock jumped in recent days thanks to rumours about a deal. It rose 38.94 dollars, or 14.2 per cent, to 312.94 dollars. The stock was trading at 230 dollars a share a month ago. Early on Wednesday, US and European regulators approved the sale of Swiss agribusiness Syngenta to ChemChina. ChemChina will have to sell some businesses to complete the 43 dollar billion deal, but those rulings may have made investors more hopeful that two other giant chemical deals will be approved. Dow Chemical and DuPont, which plan to combine, both rose. Dow Chemical gained 32 cents to 63.52 dollars and DuPont added 67 cents to 80.47 dollars. Monsanto reported profit and sales that were far better than analysts expected. Monsanto said profits from its corn and soybean businesses grew in the fiscal second quarter. It also backed its forecasts for the year and said its sale to Bayer of Germany should close by the end of the year. The stock rose 1.10 dollars, or 1 per cent, to 115.31 dollars. Greenbrier, which makes railroad freight car equipment, announced a bigger profit and better sales than analysts expected. It also said rail traffic is growing and announced a 1 billion dollar agreement with a key customer. Greenbrier stock climbed 4.30 dollars, or 10 per cent, to 47.25 dollars. US crude oil rose 12 cents to 51.15 dollars a barrel in New York. Brent, the international standard, gained 19 cents to 54.36 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline remained at 1.72 dollars a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to 1.60 dollars a gallon. Natural gas decline 3 cents to 3.27 dollars per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar rose to 110.86 yen from 110.65 yen. The euro fell to 1.0667 dollars from 1.0670 dollars. The FTSE 100 index in Britain gained 0.1 percent. France's CAC 40 lost 0.2 per cent and the DAX in Germany fell 0.5 per cent. Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.6 per cent. The Kospi of South Korea finished little changed. AP READ MORE Visit the section home page here Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section New editor at Irish Times as O'Sullivan steps down NAMA has paid back 98% of its senior debt Benetton announces leadership changes as CEO resigns Business groups back OPW’s €140m flood defence plan for Cork Today's Stories Government needs to agree an effective transport model Irish drug firm looks set for €200m sale Interest rate hike ‘to hit Irish borrowers’ next year Kerry Group lowers executive pay levels by 16% Lifestyle New book looks at the funnier side of vet experiences A question of taste - Des Keogh Violinist Min Kym talks about when her life became unstrung Who will be the 007th James Bond? More From The Irish Examiner WATCH: This Cork dinner party guest is basically all of us Remember Sophia Grace and Rosie? Well, Rosie’s all grown up and can sing This video of Cork teen being surprised with a trip to Spain at the airport will melt your heart Peanut butter and jelly, maple bacon, French toast: This isn't a classic brunch menu but instead the weirdest new coffee flavours Watch this guy eat 3kg of doughnut in just over 10 minutes UK Co-op changes 'sexist' Easter egg advert after customers complain Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Crackdown 3 info coming soon iPhone 8 may launch in October or November Lotto Results Wednesday, April 05, 2017 9 10 11 22 30 42 41 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Scariest presidency in history will be, fingers crossed, the shortest Six native Irish dogs ‘vulnerable to extinction’ Former Euromillions winner Dolores McNamara in court for crash claim Father of one under financial stress took own life day before mortgage payment due Bus Eireann strike to continue even if talks begin Bus Éireann strike to continue even if talks begin; How it's impacting you Ticket fever for thousands of Munster and Leinster fans Ian McKellen turned down Harry Potter role as 'Richard Harris disapproved of me' Latest: Gardaí investigating if Kerry murder may have been over 'noise levels from machinery' Player silent treatment leaves fans in the dark NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Rio Review finds Irish boxing at a dangerous crossroads With rising star Jon Rahm, it’s time to believe the hype LIFESTYLE Violinist Min Kym talks about when her life became unstrung A question of taste - Des Keogh     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Wednesday, Apr 05, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Stocks wither as Fed plans throw cold water on early rally Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on April 5, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print NEW YORK — A big rally in U.S. stocks evaporated Wednesday as the Federal Reserve appeared to struggle with questions related to inflation and government policy and suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks had jumped early on after payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 263,000 jobs in March, which was more than analysts expected. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an all-time intraday high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. RELATED: Searchable stock index But stocks halted their advance and started falling at 2 p.m. Eastern, when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed’s bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Donald Trump’s stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars’ worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds mature, it has continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent from 2.36 percent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped $1.12, or 1.3 percent, to $86.19 and BB&T shed 56 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $43.98. Banks made strong gains in early trading but they wound up with much bigger losses than the rest of the market. For the last couple of months it seemed investors and the Fed understood each other well, as the central bank indicated it intended to keep raising interest rates gradually assuming the economy continued to grow at a steady clip. It raised rates in December and March. The uncertainty reflected in the Fed’s March meeting may challenge that understanding. Soup and sandwich chain Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for $315 a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet’s Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock jumped in recent days thanks to rumors about a deal. It rose $38.94, or 14.2 percent, to $312.94. The stock was trading at $230 a share a month ago. Early Wednesday, U.S. and European regulators approved the sale of Swiss agribusiness Syngenta to ChemChina. ChemChina will have to sell some businesses to complete the $43 billion deal, but those rulings may have made investors more hopeful that two other giant chemical deals will be approved. Dow Chemical and DuPont, which plan to combine, both rose. Dow Chemical gained 32 cents to $63.52 and DuPont added 67 cents to $80.47. Monsanto reported profit and sales that were far better than analysts expected. Monsanto said profits from its corn and soybean businesses grew in the fiscal second quarter. It also backed its forecasts for the year and said its sale to Bayer of Germany should close by the end of the year. The stock rose $1.10, or 1 percent, to $115.31. Greenbrier, which makes railroad freight car equipment, announced a bigger profit and better sales than analysts expected. It also said rail traffic is growing and announced a $1 billion agreement with a key customer. Greenbrier stock climbed $4.30, or 10 percent, to $47.25. U.S. crude oil rose 12 cents to $51.15 a barrel in New York. Brent, the international standard, gained 19 cents to $54.36 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline remained at $1.72 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Natural gas decline 3 cents to $3.27 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold sank $9.90 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver lost 14 cents to $18.19 an ounce. Copper jumped 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.68 a pound. Those moves reflected investors’ earlier optimism, as precious metals trading ends before stock trading does. The dollar rose to 110.86 yen from 110.65 yen. The euro fell to $1.0667 from $1.0670. The FTSE 100 index in Britain gained 0.1 percent. France’s CAC 40 lost 0.2 percent and the DAX in Germany fell 0.5 percent. Japan’s Nikkei 225 index gained 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng advanced 0.6 percent. The Kospi of South Korea finished little changed. Related Items Federal Reserve System , United States government Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. High 54F. Winds NNW at 15 to 25 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 32F. NNW winds at 10 to 20 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 5, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mary Altaffer FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are jumping early Wednesday, April 5, 2017, after a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong in the previous month. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File) AP Asian stocks mostly lower as region awaits Trump-Xi meeting By YURI KAGEYAMA AP Business Writer Apr 5, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago 0 Mary Altaffer FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are jumping early Wednesday, April 5, 2017, after a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong in the previous month. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File) TOKYO (AP) — Asian stocks were mostly lower Thursday, as the region nervously watched for market-moving news from the first meeting between the U.S. and Chinese leaders. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 1.3 percent in morning trading to 18,606.90, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 dipped 0.6 percent to 5,841.70. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.6 percent to 2,148.81. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.7 percent to 24,232.08. The Shanghai Composite was little changed at 3,271.54. Shares were also lower in Singapore, Taiwan, the Philippines and Indonesia. US-CHINA: Investors were closely watching the meeting in Florida between President Donald Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping, the first between the leaders. Trump has said he plans to deliver an ultimatum to Xi to rein in North Korea. THE QUOTE: "Today, the markets will be watching the first meeting between the US and Chinese leaders in Florida, or what people have called the 'Xi-Trump summit.' This meeting is probably the most important US-China summits in decades, and it will have significant impact on global trade and security," said Margaret Yang Yan, analyst at CMC Markets Singapore. "Some key topics include trade, currencies and the issues with North Korea." FED FACTOR: Market sentiments were also dampened by the U.S. Federal Reserve's minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes, disclosed overnight, showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed's bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to close at 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil fell 26 cents to $50.89 a barrel in New York. It rose 12 cents to $51.15 a barrel Wednesday. Brent, the international standard, slipped 22 cents to $54.14 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 110.49 yen from 110.91 yen late Wednesday in Asia. The euro rose to $1.0680 from $1.0665. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Yuri Kageyama can be reached at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Government Pay Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Japanese Yen Currency Markets Financial Markets Accounting, Tax Preparation And Payroll Services Professional Services Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Payroll Services Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION What is the 'nuclear option,' and how does it affect Neil Gorsuch? Uber driver accused of assaulting passenger in California Police: Kidnapped California girl jumps from car after rape NASCAR short-track star Sam Ard dies at 78 Creator of rainbow flag, a symbol of gay rights, dies at 65 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Saint Anne Of Winona Living fully. Living well. Callista Court assisted living at Saint Anne of Winona. Updated Mar 31, 2017 Winona Leasing & Sales With a great selection of used vehicles for sale, Hertz car rentals and U-haul truck & trailer rentals, Winona Leasing is your one stop shop! Visit us at 1777 W. Service Drive, Winona, MN or call us at (507)-454-3671! Updated Mar 31, 2017 ≫ today's question Are you discouraged by low voter turnout Tuesday (only about 16 percent statewide)? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30538631.pdf 30536962.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Apr 6 Heart of La Crosse: "Ed Setera & The Hash Tags" Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 7:30 pm Apr 6 Bingo Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Apr 6 Trivia Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 7:30 pm Apr 6 Kies and Kompanie Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Apr 6 La Terza Classe Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Apr 6 Kyle Sherman Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 6 Doyle (of Misfits) with element a440 Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Apr 6 Duplicate bridge Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Apr 6 Trivia Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 6 Trivia Thu, Apr 6, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Cornell Development Association Po Box 307, Cornell, WI 54732 Tractor Central 5704 Ardnt Lane, Eau Claire, WI 54701 Ads High Roller Skating Center 3624 S East Av, La Crosse, WI 54601 Urethane Systems LLC 640 Commerce St, Holmen, WI 54636 Ads Currents +34 Baseball A brief history of presidential first pitches, in photos Health, Medicine and Fitness The 25 least active places in the US +52 Entertainment Photos: Some of the world's most famous faces, in wax Today's Birthdays, April 5: Roger Corman Today In History, April 5: Allen Ginsberg Chimp at zoo throws feces in woman's face Your daily 6: A feces-flinging chimp, bracing for border wall and whistles rule at title game Curry scores 42, Warriors clinch West with win over Suns LEADING OFF: Stroman coming off WBC MVP; Harvey, Tebow debut Peralta, 3 HRs lift Brewers past Rockies 6-1 Colon sharp at old home, Kemp leads Braves over Mets in 12 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Jones: Ivanka should speak up on O'Reilly The Masters: By the Numbers Cooper examines Trump's 'biggest story' claims Schwarzenegger on Trump: We were friends News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tahoe Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Stake Raised by F&V Capital Management LLC Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Insider Gary J. Goldberg Sells 1,000 Shares Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) Director Alphen Peter Van Sells 2,263 Shares F&V Capital Management LLC Has $1,059,000 Stake in Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Axalta Coating Systems Ltd (AXTA) Shares Bought by Norman Fields Gottscho Capital Management LLC Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Position Raised by F&V Capital Management LLC Zacks: Brokerages Expect EMCORE Co. (EMKR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.06 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Will Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share -$0.24 EPS Expected for Red Lion Hotels Co. (RLH) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Will Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Genel Energy PLC (GENL) Asanko Gold Inc (AKG) Stock Rating Upgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Emcor Group Inc Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (EME) NB Global Floating Rate Income Fund Ltd (NBLS) Plans Dividend Increase – GBX 0.90 Per Share Insider Buying: Currency Exchange International Corp (CXI) Director Buys 1,500 Shares of Stock Alan Glazer Sells 10,000 Shares of Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Stock Alfred John Jr. Knapp Purchases 50,000 Shares of VAALCO Energy, Inc. (EGY) Stock CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.06 Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) Director Alphen Peter Van Sells 2,263 Shares April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Tahoe Resources Inc (TSE:THO) (NASDAQ:TAHO) Director Alphen Peter Van sold 2,263 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of C$10.85, for a total value of C$24,553.55. Shares of Tahoe Resources Inc (TSE:THO) traded down 1.09% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $10.89. The company had a trading volume of 1,471,598 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.39 billion and a PE ratio of 26.76. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $10.72 and its 200-day moving average price is $12.99. Tahoe Resources Inc has a 12 month low of $9.58 and a 12 month high of $22.13. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Tahoe Resources Inc (THO) Director Alphen Peter Van Sells 2,263 Shares” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/tahoe-resources-inc-tho-director-alphen-peter-van-sells-2263-shares.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$22.00 to C$16.50 in a report on Friday, December 16th. Royal Bank of Canada reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$19.00 to C$16.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Friday, January 27th. Desjardins reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$21.00 to C$18.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$18.50 to C$17.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, TD Securities reduced their price target on Tahoe Resources from C$17.50 to C$16.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Monday, March 13th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of C$16.83. Tahoe Resources Company Profile Tahoe Resources Inc is a mine operating, mineral exploration and development company. The Company’s principal business activities are to operate the Escobal mine, a silver mining operation in southeastern Guatemala; the La Arena mine, a gold mining operation located in northwestern Peru, and the Shahuindo gold mine, located in northwestern Peru. Receive News & Ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tahoe Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Money Stories» Man Starts GoFundMe Page to Buy $15K Engagement Ring Nivea Apologizes for 'White Is Purity' Ad This Diamond Just Smashed Auction Records Panera Gets a New, Big-Name Owner Kendall Jenner's 'Tone-Deaf' Pepsi Ad Not Going Over Well Payless to Close 400 Stores After Bankruptcy Filing An Infomercial King Is Going Public US: No More Funding for UN Population Fund Gains by Energy Stocks Evened Out by Losses Elsewhere The Coolness of Everything, as Ranked by Teens On Equal Pay Day, Good News and Bad News Have a Cherry Coke, Get a Warren Buffett Smile Money / stock market Go to Grid|Next Story Dow Ends Day Down 41 Markets close lower after the Fed indicates it could start reducing its bond holdings By Newser Editors and Wire Services Posted Apr 5, 2017 3:11 PM CDT 7 comments Comments Specialist Peter Mazza, left, and trader Brandon Barb work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, April 4, 2017.   (AP Photo/Richard Drew)Specialist Peter Mazza, left, and trader Brandon Barb work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, April 4, 2017.   (AP Photo/Richard Drew) (Newser) – Stocks gave up an early gain and ended lower on Wall Street after the Federal Reserve indicated it could start reducing its bond holdings, the AP reports. Banks led the declines Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase lost 1.3%. The market had been broadly higher most of the day but started to turn lower after minutes released from the Fed's last policy meeting indicated the central bank might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. The Fed bought large amounts of bonds during the financial crisis to stimulate the economy. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7 points, or 0.3%, to 2,352. It was up 18 points earlier. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 41 points, or 0.2%, to 20,648. The Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 0.6%, to 5,864.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   11% Hilarious 22% Intriguing 33% Depressing 11% Brilliant 11% Scary 11% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 7 comments Copyright 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. AP contributed to this report. You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Guy in 'Drunk Lives Matter' Shirt Arrested for Alleged DUI Comments Read comment policy Showing 2 of 7 comments JERZJOE Apr 5, 2017 3:54 PM CDT Just another day for me in my STOCK PORTFOLIO being in GREAT SHAPE! Thanks again PREZ TRUMP! There ya go ALL! PREZ TRUMP for 8 Years Followed by PREZ Pence for 8 years from 2024 till 2032!.<-I LOVE that sound NOW! kumatose Apr 5, 2017 3:29 PM CDT Remember when Trump and his supporters used to crow about how the stock market was climbing... ...never realizing how most of that was due to the Obama administration's economic recovery, the rest due to some people actually thinking Trump would do what he said as candidate... Now that the world is seeing how ConJob Don is nothing more than a feed-the-rich corporate-welfare redistribution-of-wealth scammer, the market is beginning to reflect that effect View all 7 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Skulls Found This Week May Belong to Missing Women 1 Barry Manilow Speaks Out About Sexuality for 1st Time 2 What Bannon's NSC Exit May Mean for White House 3 In Arizona Desert, the Mystery Is Deeper Than the Hole 4 ISIS Breaks Its Silence on Trump 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Matador's Debut Bullfight Ends in Throat Goring Chelsea Clinton Has Some Strong Feelings About Running Against Trump in 2020 Why Visitors Are Banned From Going to This Isolated Island in the Indian Ocean 29 Celebrities and Their Lookalikes of Other Races I Believed in Reverse Racism — Then I Moved to the Deep South Here's Exactly How Mama June Lost 300 Pounds and Plans to Keep It All Off Court Sentences Father Who Starved His Son and Fed His Corpse to Pigs Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Killer Tide: Doctors Cut Down On Prescribing Opioid Painkillers President Trump Calls Syria Chemical Attack An ‘Affront To Humanity’ Seen At 11: There Are Thousands Of Pet Foods On The Market – Which Is Best For... Go to CBS Local Detroit Can Teach Us All a Lesson About Making a Comeback Talk Back to OZY! There's a German Word for Unbearable Seasonal Malaise Go to Ozy An 11-year-old boy who tried to kill himself after a “horrific” social media... Truck driver meets a tragic end when he drives across a bridge on during a very... This deer died from a hunting wound, but hunters found something remarkable... Go to Rare Niece Gives Adorable Note To ‘Uncle Nemesis:’ ‘PS I Farted In The Envelope’ Kendall Jenner’s Pepsi Ad Finally Got Parodied And It’s Way Too Accurate ‘Star Wars’ Writer Sues Tinder Date After She Seeks Revenge ‘Entourage’-Style Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Clearing skies late. Tonight Cloudy skies early, followed by partial clearing. Low 36F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 5, 2017 @ 9:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mary Altaffer FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are jumping early Wednesday, April 5, 2017, after a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong in the previous month. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File) AP Stocks wither as Fed plans throw cold water on early rally By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Apr 5, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago 0 Mary Altaffer FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are jumping early Wednesday, April 5, 2017, after a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong in the previous month. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File) NEW YORK (AP) — A big rally in U.S. stocks evaporated Wednesday as the Federal Reserve appeared to struggle with questions related to inflation and government policy and suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks had jumped early on after payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 263,000 jobs in March, which was more than analysts expected. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an all-time intraday high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. But stocks halted their advance and started falling at 2 p.m. Eastern, when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed's bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Donald Trump's stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars' worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds mature, it has continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent from 2.36 percent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped $1.12, or 1.3 percent, to $86.19 and BB&T shed 56 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $43.98. Banks made strong gains in early trading but they wound up with much bigger losses than the rest of the market. For the last couple of months it seemed investors and the Fed understood each other well, as the central bank indicated it intended to keep raising interest rates gradually assuming the economy continued to grow at a steady clip. It raised rates in December and March. The uncertainty reflected in the Fed's March meeting may challenge that understanding. Soup and sandwich chain Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for $315 a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet's Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock jumped in recent days thanks to rumors about a deal. It rose $38.94, or 14.2 percent, to $312.94. The stock was trading at $230 a share a month ago. Early Wednesday, U.S. and European regulators approved the sale of Swiss agribusiness Syngenta to ChemChina. ChemChina will have to sell some businesses to complete the $43 billion deal, but those rulings may have made investors more hopeful that two other giant chemical deals will be approved. Dow Chemical and DuPont, which plan to combine, both rose. Dow Chemical gained 32 cents to $63.52 and DuPont added 67 cents to $80.47. Monsanto reported profit and sales that were far better than analysts expected. Monsanto said profits from its corn and soybean businesses grew in the fiscal second quarter. It also backed its forecasts for the year and said its sale to Bayer of Germany should close by the end of the year. The stock rose $1.10, or 1 percent, to $115.31. Greenbrier, which makes railroad freight car equipment, announced a bigger profit and better sales than analysts expected. It also said rail traffic is growing and announced a $1 billion agreement with a key customer. Greenbrier stock climbed $4.30, or 10 percent, to $47.25. U.S. crude oil rose 12 cents to $51.15 a barrel in New York. Brent, the international standard, gained 19 cents to $54.36 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline remained at $1.72 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.60 a gallon. Natural gas decline 3 cents to $3.27 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold sank $9.90 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver lost 14 cents to $18.19 an ounce. Copper jumped 7 cents, or 2.6 percent, to $2.68 a pound. Those moves reflected investors' earlier optimism, as precious metals trading ends before stock trading does. The dollar rose to 110.86 yen from 110.65 yen. The euro fell to $1.0667 from $1.0670. The FTSE 100 index in Britain gained 0.1 percent. France's CAC 40 lost 0.2 percent and the DAX in Germany fell 0.5 percent. Japan's Nikkei 225 index gained 0.3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng advanced 0.6 percent. The Kospi of South Korea finished little changed. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Government Pay Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Japanese Yen Currency Markets Financial Markets Accounting, Tax Preparation And Payroll Services Professional Services Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Transportation And Shipping Industrial Products And Services Payroll Services Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION What is the 'nuclear option,' and how does it affect Neil Gorsuch? Uber driver accused of assaulting passenger in California Police: Kidnapped California girl jumps from car after rape NASCAR short-track star Sam Ard dies at 78 Creator of rainbow flag, a symbol of gay rights, dies at 65 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Borkowski Towing & Salvage Don't hesitate to get in touch with our knowledgeable team today if you need towing assistance Updated Mar 31, 2017 Saint Anne Of Winona We’ll help you get back to living. Every step of the way. Transitional care at Saint Anne of Winona. Updated Mar 31, 2017 ≫ today's question Have you ever contacted an elected official? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30536353.pdf 30536336.pdf Bulletin ≫ things to do Apr 5 "Taking a Stand in History" National History Day projects Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 5 Blues night, with Dave Orr and Friends Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 10:00 pm Apr 5 Open mic Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Apr 5 Comedian Drew Lynch Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 5 Trivia Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 8:30 pm Apr 5 Trivia Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 7:30 pm Apr 5 Trivia Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Apr 5 Pigtown Fling String Band Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Apr 5 Trivia Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 6:00 pm Apr 5 Jeffrey Foucault with Andy Hughes Wed, Apr 5, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses OLD NATIONAL BANK ONE MAIN STREET, EVANSVILLE, IN 47708 Main Street Of Menomomie Winter Daze 342 Main Street, Menomonie, WI 54751 P.M Sleep Center - La Crosse 2006 Wisconsin 16, La Crosse, WI 54601 Dale's Cleaning Service & Supplies 162 E 3rd St, Winona, MN 55987 Currents Entertainment The Internet is not impressed with Kendall Jenner's protest Pepsi ad +64 Basketball The best photos from the 2017 NCAA men's basketball tournament +57 Travel Photos: Celebrating 128 years of the Eiffel Tower Today's Birthdays, April 5: Roger Corman Today In History, April 5: Allen Ginsberg Chimp at zoo throws feces in woman's face Your daily 6: A feces-flinging chimp, bracing for border wall and whistles rule at title game Sabres snap Canadiens' 5-game win streak with 2-1 victory Kyle Lowry returns, Raptors beat Pistons 105-102 Bundy stymies Blue Jays and Orioles hit 2 HRs in 3-1 victory Dragic, Heat top Hornets 112-99; pull into tie for 8th place TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Schwarzenegger on Trump: We were friends #MyHanoi: Bien Thuy Nguyen #MyHanoi: Javier Puig Saura Van Jones: Trump should give Rice a medal News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Washington Real Estate Investment Trust - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.06 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Stage Stores (SSI) Stock Price Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Stage Stores (SSI) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Likely to Effect Spirit AeroSystems Holdings (SPR) Share Price Positive Media Coverage Likely to Effect Spirit AeroSystems Holdings (SPR) Share Price American States Water Co (AWR) Insider Denise L. Kruger Sells 1,250 Shares Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) VP Christopher T. Jones Sells 240 Shares Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) VP Christopher T. Jones Sells 240 Shares Banco de Chile (BCH) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Symantec Co. (SYMC) Director Suzanne M. Vautrinot Sells 2,500 Shares of Stock EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) COO M Elise Hyland Sells 1,001 Shares Great Canadian Gaming Corp (GC) Director Chuck Keeling Sells 2,900 Shares of Stock Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Share Price Care.com Inc (CRCM) General Counsel Diane Musi Sells 7,000 Shares of Stock TransDigm Group (TDG) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.34 SYNNEX Co. (SNX) SVP Simon Leung Sells 913 Shares Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) EVP Dirk G. Brockstedt Sells 8,000 Shares Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) have received an average rating of “Hold” from the seven research firms that are covering the firm. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and two have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is $34.30. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 25th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $35.50 target price for the company in a report on Monday, January 9th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from $31.00 to $33.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Washington Real Estate Investment Trust from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $36.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday, December 16th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/washington-real-estate-investment-trust-wre-given-average-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Independent Advisor Alliance acquired a new stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust during the fourth quarter worth about $104,000. Aperio Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 3.6% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 7,545 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $235,000 after buying an additional 265 shares during the period. Numeric Investors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust during the fourth quarter worth about $262,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust by 3.1% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 8,805 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $274,000 after buying an additional 263 shares during the period. Finally, Groesbeck Investment Management Corp NJ acquired a new stake in shares of Washington Real Estate Investment Trust during the third quarter worth about $311,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 87.44% of the company’s stock. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) traded down 0.25% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $31.41. 318,884 shares of the company traded hands. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust has a one year low of $27.65 and a one year high of $34.61. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.05 and a beta of 0.89. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $31.70 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.20. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (NYSE:WRE) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.44 by $0.01. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust had a return on equity of 19.15% and a net margin of 55.81%. The firm earned $76.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $77.56 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.46 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Washington Real Estate Investment Trust will post $0.36 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were given a dividend of $0.30 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.82%. Washington Real Estate Investment Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 48.98%. About Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Washington Real Estate Investment Trust is a self-administered equity real estate investment trust. The Company’s business consists of the ownership and operation of real property in the greater Washington metro region. The Company owns a diversified portfolio of office buildings, multifamily buildings and retail centers. Receive News & Ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Washington Real Estate Investment Trust and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes Vote Live 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 491814434 Books for Kids Family Focus Black Heritage 9 Food Drive 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Asian stocks mostly lower as region awaits Trump-Xi meeting by: YURI KAGEYAMA, AP Business Writer Updated: Apr 5, 2017 - 11:06 PM Twtter TOKYO (AP) - Asian stocks were mostly lower Thursday, as the region nervously watched for market-moving news from the first meeting between the U.S. and Chinese leaders. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 1.3 percent in morning trading to 18,606.90, while Australia's S&P/ASX 200 dipped 0.6 percent to 5,841.70. South Korea's Kospi lost 0.6 percent to 2,148.81. Hong Kong's Hang Seng fell 0.7 percent to 24,232.08. The Shanghai Composite was little changed at 3,271.54. Shares were also lower in Singapore, Taiwan, the Philippines and Indonesia. US-CHINA: Investors were closely watching the meeting in Florida between President Donald Trump and Chinese leader Xi Jinping, the first between the leaders. Trump has said he plans to deliver an ultimatum to Xi to rein in North Korea. THE QUOTE: "Today, the markets will be watching the first meeting between the US and Chinese leaders in Florida, or what people have called the 'Xi-Trump summit.' This meeting is probably the most important US-China summits in decades, and it will have significant impact on global trade and security," said Margaret Yang Yan, analyst at CMC Markets Singapore. "Some key topics include trade, currencies and the issues with North Korea." FED FACTOR: Market sentiments were also dampened by the U.S. Federal Reserve's minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes, disclosed overnight, showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed's bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster. WALL STREET: The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to close at 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. ENERGY: U.S. crude oil fell 26 cents to $50.89 a barrel in New York. It rose 12 cents to $51.15 a barrel Wednesday. Brent, the international standard, slipped 22 cents to $54.14 a barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar slipped to 110.49 yen from 110.91 yen late Wednesday in Asia. The euro rose to $1.0680 from $1.0665. ___ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay contributed to this report. He can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Yuri Kageyama can be reached at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama Her work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/yuri-kageyama Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Asian stocks mostly lower as region awaits Trump-Xi meeting Asian stocks mostly lower as region awaits Trump-Xi meeting Global shares steady ahead of Trump meeting with Xi Asian shares advance after steady day on Wall Street Global shares mixed ahead of US-China talks News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Submit Nomination Executive Circle Awards Diversity in Business Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Subscribe Manage Account News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Home / Editor's Picks / An early rally evaporates on Wall Street Wednesday Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! AP Photo An early rally evaporates on Wall Street Wednesday By: The Associated Press April 5, 2017 0 Stocks gave up an early gain and ended lower on Wall Street after the Federal Reserve indicated it could start reducing its bond holdings. Banks led the declines Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase lost 1.3 percent. The market had been broadly higher most of the day but started to turn lower after minutes released from the Fed’s last policy meeting indicated the central bank might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. The Fed bought large amounts of bonds during the financial crisis to stimulate the economy. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352. It was up 18 points earlier. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 41 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648. The Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864. Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Dow Jones Economy Nasdaq stock market stocks 4:15 pm Wed, April 5, 2017 The Associated Press Tagged with: Dow Jones Economy Nasdaq stock market stocks US stocks climb Wednesday after strong private payroll report April 5, 2017 Survey: US companies add 263K jobs in March, most in 2 years April 5, 2017 Banks, energy lead early gains for stocks Wednesday April 5, 2017 Stocks end little changed on Wall Street Tuesday April 4, 2017 Stocks slip again early Tuesday following weak business investment report April 4, 2017 Stocks end broadly lower on Wall Street Monday April 3, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Nassau County among highest property taxes in US by David Winzelberg | Apr. 6 New York lawmakers lurch toward a state budget by The Associated Press | Apr. 5 An early rally evaporates on Wall Street Wednesday by The Associated Press | Apr. 5 Bellone: Tax reform must not come at homeowners' expense by Commentary | Apr. 5 If you build it, they'll stay; boomers remodel their homes by The Associated Press | Apr. 5 Movers & Shakers Bethany House adds one to board Partner at Farrell Fritz appointed to board One admitted to practice before U.S. Supreme Court Abrams Fensterman adds associate Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now LIBN on Flickr Follow Us Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,896 Followers 2,660 Fans The Poll Where do you shop for items for your garden? Independent nurseries Big box chains Online What garden? View Results  Loading ... Tweets by LIBN My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Nassau County among highest property taxes in US New York lawmakers lurch toward a state budget An early rally evaporates on Wall Street Wednesday Bellone: Tax reform must not come at homeowners’ expense If you build it, they’ll stay; boomers remodel their homes Free mortgage foreclosure clinics set for April LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also Gilman: Investing in the age of Trump means being flexible Remain flexible, watchful and ready to make whatever changes are needed to remain faithful to your long-term financial objectives. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Inogen Inc (INGN) Quality Systems (QSII) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.50 BancorpSouth (BXS) Earning Very Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zalando Se (ZLNDY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell WSFS Financial Co. (WSFS) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Advantest Corp (ATEYY) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Rosenblatt Securities Wolseley plc (WOSYY) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tech Data Corp (TECD) CFO Charles V. Dannewitz Sells 2,024 Shares of Stock Tech Data Corp (TECD) CFO Charles V. Dannewitz Sells 2,024 Shares of Stock Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Director Vincent T. Marchesi Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Director Gili Iohan Sells 5,000 Shares Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Petroquest Energy Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PQ) Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Given New GBX 4,329 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Downgraded to “Hold” at Credit Suisse Group AG HFF, Inc. (HF) Receives Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Inogen Inc (INGN) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by investment analysts at Needham & Company LLC in a report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a $83.00 price target on the medical technology company’s stock. Needham & Company LLC’s price target would suggest a potential upside of 8.19% from the company’s current price. INGN has been the topic of several other reports. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on Inogen to $65.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Inogen from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. TheStreet upgraded Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 target price on Inogen and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $72.60. Shares of Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) traded down 2.35% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $74.92. The stock had a trading volume of 183,491 shares. The firm has a market cap of $1.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 77.24 and a beta of 1.07. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $73.07 and a 200 day moving average of $65.22. Inogen has a 12-month low of $43.16 and a 12-month high of $79.94. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/needham-company-llc-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-inogen-inc-ingn.html. In related news, CEO Raymond Huggenberger sold 5,680 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total transaction of $363,292.80. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 12,488 shares in the company, valued at $798,732.48. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total value of $184,625.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 4,833 shares in the company, valued at $356,917.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 19,535 shares of company stock worth $1,303,863 over the last quarter. 5.18% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Guggenheim Capital LLC acquired a new position in Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at $211,000. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its position in Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. acquired a new position in Inogen during the third quarter valued at $211,000. Trexquant Investment LP acquired a new position in Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at $275,000. Finally, Tudor Investment Corp Et Al acquired a new position in Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at $289,000. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device weighing approximately 4.8 or seven pounds. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Trump Watch Climate Energy Food Animals Science Politics Business Adventure Health GMO Fracking Insights Renewable Energy Editor's Pick Explore Trump WatchClimateEnergyFoodAnimalsSciencePoliticsBusinessAdventureHealthGMOFrackingInsightsRenewable EnergyEditor's Pick About Contact | Jobs | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | RSS Feed Copyright © EcoWatch 2017 Food Friends of the Earth 11h Historic Verdict in Indonesia’s Fight Against Deforestation In a historic verdict in defense of forests and human rights, a court in Central Kalimantan has ordered the government of the Indonesian province to review the permits of palm oil companies associated with massive forest and peat land fires in 2015. The case against the government in Central Kalimantan was filed in 2016 by seven Indonesian citizens and supported by Friends of the Earth Indonesia (WALHI), following a 2-month mediation process. Among the evidence presented were findings previously presented in the report, Up in Smoke, published in 2015 by WALHI and Friends of the Earth member groups in the U.S. and Europe. "While many of the world's largest palm oil producers have pledged to voluntarily address the massive environmental and human rights impacts of their business, its clear that legal action is required to hold them accountable," said Jeff Conant, senior international forests campaigner with Friends of the Earth U.S. "This decision by the court in Central Kalimantan is a historic step in ensuring the government does what's needed to limit the damage from this sector." Palm oil from Central Kalimantan is in thousands of consumer food products and cosmetics on the global market, as well as in biofuels in many countries; numerous palm oil companies implicated in the decision receive financing from a broad range of banks and institutional investors in the U.S., including Goldman Sachs, JPMorganChase, Vanguard and the pension fund managers TIAA and CalPERS. "This decision should also make it clear to the financiers of the sector that the risks of investment in palm oil continue unabated," Conant added. The 2015 Indonesian forest fires lasted for months and caused massive air pollution and greenhouse gas emissions, at one point releasing more carbon dioxide than the entire U.S. economy and causing an estimated 100,000 premature deaths in the region. In 2016, four United Nations special rapporteurs sent a letter to the president of Indonesia urging his government to address the fire and haze crisis as an urgent matter of protection of human rights. "This verdict is important not just to us, but to future generations," said Ari Rompas, director of WALHI Central Kalimantan. "The judge recognized that the environment is a heritage to be preserved for future generations. It is therefore important that the government does not waste time in appealing this verdict, but ensures that companies respect the law and stop the forest fires." WALHI analyzed satellite data of 181 palm oil company concessions from the 2015 fire season. The largest plantation land banks included in the study are owned by Wilmar International, Bumitama Gunajaya Agro, Sinar Mas, Best Agro International and Genting group. According to WALHI, the verdict means that these companies can now effectively be brought to justice. "The judge made clear that the local government needs to ensure that companies stop the forest fires," Rompas continued. "The companies need to allocate much more resources in order to prevent forest fires." To date, the companies implicated in the verdict have not responded. The local government is now considering appealing the verdict. With a severe dry season predicted for 2017, it is imperative that the Indonesian government act quickly to adopt measures that enforce the court's decision. The Verdict In its ruling, the court ordered the central government to: Review and revise the permits of all plantation companies, whether implicated in the 2015 fires or not; Actively enforce civil and criminal laws to penalize companies whose concessions were implicated in the 2015 fires; Inform the public regarding the affected land and the companies that own concessions implicated in the fires. In addition, the central government of Indonesia is required to: Form a joint team on forest fire management consisting of the Ministry of Environment and Forestry, the Ministry of Agriculture and the Ministry of Health; Build a respiratory medicine hospital and an evacuation room for people affected by forest fires. "The victory of this citizen's lawsuit in Central Kalimantan and previously in Riau Province, build momentum for the government to protect human rights, especially of vulnerable groups such as children, whose health is threatened by haze pollution from forest fires," said Khalisah Khalid, head of campaign and network development at WALHI. "The UN Human Rights Council should continue to remind the government of Indonesia to hold corporate actors accountable for their role in the fires," he continued. European Parliament Votes to Clamp Down on Palm Oil Imports Palm oil's environmental footprint was also raised in a European Parliament vote this week that called for a phase-out of palm oil as a component of biofuels by 2020. Keep reading... Show less Renewable Energy Cassie Kelly 16h Going Solar Has Never Been Easier Thanks to Google Earth It just got a whole lot easier to decide whether or not to get solar panels for your roof. Google's Project Sunroof site will help you locate your home, see how much sun it gets on average and what you could save if you purchased panels. The project was initially launched in 2015, but has become more popular as solar technology gets more affordable. Google uses a combination of Google Maps, Google Earth and machine learning technology to calculate the sun's path to give an accurate account of your solar situation. It then uses industry standard models to tell you the cost benefit analysis of going solar. The project is still in progress, but 60 million buildings have been analyzed across 50 states. From that information alone, Google was able to calculate that 79 percent of all rooftops could go solar and in Hawaii, Arizona, Nevada and New Mexico, 90 percent of homes are viable. Houston, Texas has the most viability as a whole with an estimated 18,940 gigawatt-hours of solar generation from rooftops per year. According to Google, "If the top 10 cities below reached their full rooftop solar potential, they'd produce enough energy to power 8 million homes across the U.S." Google Once homeowners see the potential, they can use the site to see how much they will save on their monthly electricity bill based on typical utility rates in their location, as well as annual savings. The site then tells users how much square footage of solar panels to get and how to finance them. There's even a function to see what an entire community could save should they collectively decide to go solar. For example, in Fresno, California, 92 percent of the rooftops are viable and if they reached full solar capacity, it would be equivalent to taking 261,000 cars off the road each year or planting 31 million trees. It's still a common misconception that solar is too expensive or that an area doesn't get enough sunny days. Now, homeowners can see for themselves what their potential is and make a more conscious decision about where their energy comes from. Keep reading... Show less Sponsored Climate Natural Resources Defense Council 12h 8 Critical Changes to NAFTA to Prioritize People and Planet By Amanda Maxwell and Anthony Swift President Trump has made renegotiating the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) one of the main goals for his administration and has recently revealed the general plan to do so. As this process moves forward, the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), Sierra Club and our partners across a broad range of sectors are calling on the administration to include eight critical issues among their priorities in changing NAFTA, outlined below. We want to ensure that any new provisions in NAFTA result in a transparent agreement that supports—and does not undermine—a more stable climate, clean air and water, healthy communities, indigenous peoples and good jobs. In the 23 years since NAFTA's signing, the economies of Mexico, Canada and the U.S. have become intertwined and interdependent, with $1.1 trillion in trade moving among the three countries in 2016. During those decades, too, new issues such as climate change, clean energy and sustainability, have moved to the forefront of international relations. So, while it remains unclear exactly how and to what extent the Trump administration will change this accord, there are several critical provisions that should be included to improve the lives of people living and working in all three countries and the environments they depend on. NRDC is pleased to ally with 350.org, Center for Biological Diversity, Center for Food Safety, Defenders of Wildlife, Earthjustice, Friends of the Earth, Global Exchange, Green America, Greenpeace USA, Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy, League of Conservation Voters, Food & Water Watch, Sierra Club and U.S. Human Rights Network in calling on the Trump administration to include the following eight issues among their priorities in changing NAFTA: 1. Eliminate rules that empower corporations to attack environmental and public health protections in unaccountable tribunals. NAFTA's investor-state dispute settlement system allows multinational corporations—e.g. ExxonMobil and TransCanada—to bypass our courts, go to private tribunals and demand money from taxpayers for policies that affect corporate bottom lines. Corporations have used NAFTA to challenge bans on toxic chemicals, decisions of environmental review panels and protections for our climate. They have extracted more than $370 million from governments in these cases and pending NAFTA claims total more than $50 billion. What's more, the cases are heard not by judges, but by corporate lawyers outside the normal court system. 2. Incorporate strong, enforceable environmental and labor standards into the core text of the agreement. To address environmental and labor issues, NAFTA created side agreements which are non-binding and have limitations. As a result, they have been relatively ineffective. To ensure that the new terms of a revised trilateral trade agreement create and uphold a fair playing field for environmental and labor conditions, these two areas must be included inside the core text of the agreement. That means that a country that fails to live up to its environmental obligations will be subject to trade sanctions similar to the existing provisions for violation of commercial parts of the agreement. This will also require that countries live up to existing international agreements and address environmental challenges such as critical conservation challenges related to illegal timber trade, illegal wildlife trade and fisheries management. 3. Protect energy sector reform from backward-looking rules. NAFTA's energy chapter limits Canada's ability to restrict production of climate-polluting fossil fuels such as tar sands oil. The chapter, written before awareness of climate change was widespread, must be eliminated. Other NAFTA rules allow renewable portfolio standards, low-carbon fuel standards and other climate-friendly energy regulations to be challenged for impeding business for foreign fossil fuel firms. Such rules must be narrowed to protect climate policies in each country. 4. Restrict pollution from cross-border freight vehicles. NAFTA encouraged a rise in cross-border motor carrier traffic without doing anything to mitigate the resulting increase in harmful vehicle emissions. Any deal that replaces NAFTA must require cross-border freight vehicles to reduce emissions in order for their goods to benefit from reduced tariffs. In addition, all cross-border commercial vehicles must be required to comply with all state and federal standards to limit pollution. 5. Require green government purchasing instead of restricting it. NAFTA's procurement rules limit governments' ability to use "green purchasing" requirements that ensure government contracts support renewable energy, energy efficiency and sustainable goods. Any changes to NAFTA must require signatory governments to include a preference for goods and services with low environmental impacts in procurement decisions. 6. Bolster climate protections by penalizing imported goods made with high climate emissions. NAFTA allows firms to shift production to a country with lower climate standards, which can spur "carbon leakage" and job offshoring. To prevent this and encourage greater climate action from high-emissions trading partners, each country should be required to impose a border fee on imported goods whose production causes significant climate pollution. 7. Require governments to prioritize policies that minimize climate pollution. While NAFTA restricts climate policies that limit trade or investment, any replacement deal must instead put climate first. This includes requiring governments to use a "climate impact test" for policymaking, in which potential climate impacts of policy proposals are reported and weighed. 8. Add a broad protection for environmental and other public interest policies. NAFTA's many overreaching rules restrict the policy tools that governments can use to protect the environment and other broadly-shared priorities. NAFTA includes no provision that effectively shields public interest policies from such rules—only a weak "exception" in Article 2101 that has consistently failed to protect challenged policies. Instead, any deal that replaces NAFTA must include a broad "carve-out" that exempts public interest policies from all of the deal's rules. If President Trump moves forward with altering NAFTA, any renegotiations must be conducted transparently through open processes, providing the public in all three countries with the opportunity to participate. We and our partners in the environmental, labor, health, consumer, agricultural and other communities will be eager to see whether President Trumps supports a renegotiated NAFTA that supports—and does not undermine—a more stable climate, clean air and water, healthy communities, indigenous peoples and good jobs. Amanda Maxwell is the director of the Latin America Project at the Natural Resources Defense Council. Anthony Swift is the director of the Canada Project and the International Program at the Natural Resources Defense Council. Keep reading... Show less Science Chris McDermott 13h Desalination Breakthrough Turns Seawater Into Drinking Water Turning seawater into drinking water just became more feasible. Scientists at the University of Manchester in the UK have developed graphene oxide membranes with holes small enough to filter out salt. The sieves represent a technological breakthrough in the effort to make desalination more efficient and affordable. Graphene oxide membranes have been used in desalination experiments for years, but never before has the sieve been small enough to filter out smaller particles. One of the major challenges with this process is the natural tendency of graphene oxide membranes to swell in water. This causes their pores to expand, and salt particles to pass through. The scientists, led by Rahul Nair, were able to control the swelling by building epoxy resin walls around the membranes, as noted in the study published in Nature Nanotechnology. "Realization of scalable membranes with uniform pore size down to atomic scale is a significant step forward and will open new possibilities for improving the efficiency of desalination technology," Nair said. "This is the first clear-cut experiment in this regime. We also demonstrate that there are realistic possibilities to scale up the described approach and mass produce graphene-based membranes with required sieve sizes." According to the International Water Association, thousands of desalination plants currently exist worldwide, but the process remains expensive. Earth's oceans contain 97 percent of the planet's water, the National Ocean Service estimates. To paint a picture of the total amount of salt in the oceans, NOAA said that "if the salt in the ocean could be removed and spread evenly over the Earth's land surface, it would form a layer more than 500 feet thick, about the height of a 40-story office building." According to a United Nations report: • Around 700 million people in 43 countries suffer today from water scarcity. • By 2025, 1.8 billion people will be living in countries or regions with absolute water scarcity, and two-thirds of the world's population could be living under water stressed conditions. • With climate change, almost half the world's population will be living in areas of high water stress by 2030. In an article accompanying the scientists' research, Ram Devanathan, from the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, said the next step toward scaling the desalination process would be to test the durability of the graphene oxide membranes. "The selective separation of water molecules from ions by physical restriction of interlayer spacing opens the door to the synthesis of inexpensive membranes for desalination," Devanathan said. "The ultimate goal is to create a filtration device that will produce potable water from seawater or wastewater with minimal energy input." Keep reading... Show less Sponsored Renewable Energy Ken Silverstein 18h 7-Eleven to Power 425 Texas Stores With Wind Energy 7-Eleven, Inc. will energize 425 stories in Texas with wind energy it will buy from TXU Energy. This initiative is expected to reduce 7-Eleven's carbon footprint by 6.7 percent and reduce operating costs. The energy will come exclusively from wind farms in Texas, which is a state with more than 10,000 turbines. The agreement is 96 months and begins June 1, 2018. "This agreement is beneficial for 7-Eleven on several fronts," Ben Tison, 7-Eleven senior vice president of development, said in a press release. "Wind energy is a renewable, more cost-effective resource that will lower the carbon footprint of these stores as well as operating costs. Our customers, particularly Millennials and the younger Generation Z, care about sustainability and reducing environmental impacts, and they're paying attention to what companies are doing." Last year, 7-Eleven outlined three steps to reduce its environmental footprint, touching on people, planet and products. The planet pillar, for example, means reducing its energy footprint in stores by 20 percent by 2025. The retail chain has already taken steps to reach their goal by installing LED lighting, energy management systems, and high-efficiency heating and air conditioning units. "Our goal was to make sure that we were helping 7-Eleven reach its sustainability goals," Gabe Castro, vice president of business for TXU Energy, said. "We were able to do that by helping them through the process to evaluate all of the options available, and then customizing a complete solution to help them reach those goals. We are proud to collaborate with 7-Eleven." Texas is a perfect state for 7-Eleven to be making these lofty wind power goals. It is, in fact, the leading state when it comes to wind capacity, both installed and under construction. Texas is also home to six of the top 10 largest wind farms in the nation, according to the U.S. Energy Information Association. The 781.5 megawatt Roscoe Wind Farm, 220 miles west of Dallas, is the largest in the world with 627 turbines across 100,000 acres. Wind power in Texas hasn't only provided a source of clean energy, it's also a big economic driver, creating more than 22,000 jobs in operations and maintenance, construction, manufacturing and many support sectors, according American Wind Energy Association. Keep reading... Show less Climate Common Dreams 12h Naomi Klein: 'No Is Not Enough' By Andrea Germanos How did a man like Donald J. Trump get to be president? And how on Earth can his dangerous agenda be fought? For those burning questions, a forthcoming book described as "the toolkit for shock resistance" could well be an indispensable resource. Authored by award-winning author and investigative journalist Naomi Klein, the book, No Is Not Enough: Resisting Trump's Shock Politics and Winning the World We Need, will publish in the U.S. on June 13. "Trump is extreme, but he's not a Martian," wrote Klein. "On the contrary, he is the logical conclusion to many of the most dangerous trends of the past half century. He is the personification of the merger of humans and corporations—a one-man megabrand, with wife and children as spin-off brands." A website for No Is Not Enough says the book: Reveals, among other things, how Trump's election was not a peaceful transition, but a corporate takeover, one using deliberate shock tactics to generate wave after wave of crises and force through radical policies that will destroy people, the environment, the economy and national security. This book is the toolkit for shock resistance, showing all of us how we can break Trump's spell and win the world we need. In the wake of Trump's election, Klein, while accepting the 2016 Sydney Peace Prize, also offered her thoughts on the factors that paved the way for the real estate mogul's rise to power and the strategies needed for a movement to rise against Trump (as well as other Trump-esque figures). "If there is a single overarching lesson in the Trump victory, perhaps it is this: Never, ever underestimate the power of hate, of direct appeals to power over the 'other' ... especially during times of economic hardship," she said. Another takeaway, she continued, is that "four decades of corporate, neoliberal policies and privatization, deregulation, free trade and austerity" have ensured ongoing economic pain and in turn, enabled the rise of faux-populists like Trump. An additional lesson is that "only a bold and genuinely re-distributive agenda has a hope of speaking to that pain and directing it where it belongs—the politician-purchasing elites who benefited so extravagantly from the auctioning off of public wealth, the looting of our land, water and air and the deregulation of our financial system." "If we want to defend against the likes of Donald Trump—and every country has their own Trump—we must urgently confront and battle racism and misogyny in our culture, in our movements and in ourselves. This cannot be an afterthought, it cannot be an add-on. It is central to how someone like Trump can rise to power." Klein, whose other works include No Logo, This Changes Everything and The Shock Doctrine, also recently joined The Intercept as a senior correspondent. There, she is tasked with monitoring the "shocks of the Trump era." Days after Trump's inauguration, she wrote that his administration: Can be counted on to generate a tsunami of crises and shocks: economic shocks, as market bubbles burst; security shocks, as blowback from foreign belligerence comes home; weather shocks, as our climate is further destabilized; and industrial shocks, as oil pipelines spill and rigs collapse, which they tend to do, especially when enjoying light-touch regulation. All this is dangerous enough. What's even worse is the way the Trump administration can be counted on to exploit these shocks politically and economically. This is the first time one of Klein's books will be published by the independent, Chicago-based Haymarket Books, which has delivered works by esteemed authors including Noam Chomksy, Howard Zinn, Keeanga-Yamahtta Taylor and Winona LaDuke. Dave Zirin, sports editor at The Nation, tweeted of the pairing of Klein and Haymarket: "A match made in radical heaven." Reposted with permission from our media associate Common Dreams. Keep reading... Show less Sponsored Climate Oil Change International 14h Going, Going, Gone By Andy Rowell President Trump opens his eyes, but he does not see. Trump listens, but he does not hear. He speaks, but he makes no sense. How can the most powerful man be so completely ignorant about climate change? How can it be that as the evidence about climate change gets stronger, politicians like Trump seem to get more ignorant? That is a question that is perplexing climate scientists and others fighting climate change. Every day comes news that we are in deep, deep trouble. The Guardian reported this morning that "Climate change is rapidly becoming a crisis that defies hyperbole," with impacts "occurring faster in many parts of the world than even the most gloomy scientists predicted." The newspaper reported on three recent studies which reveal there has been a "massive under-reporting" of the impacts of climate change: The first paper, published in Science found that current warming (just one degree Celsius) has "already left a discernible mark on 77 of 94 different ecological processes, including species' genetics, seasonal responses, overall distribution and even morphology—i.e. physical traits including body size and shape." A second paper, published in Nature Climate Change this February concluded that 47 percent of land mammals and 23 percent of birds have already suffered negative impacts form climate change. In total, nearly 700 species in these two groups are struggling over climate change. Entire ecosystems—some the size of states within the U.S.—are changing. Some are not surviving. A third study in PLOS Biology found that more than 450 plants and animals have undergone local extinctions due to climate change. As some struggle to adapt they may go extinct altogether. Trump might not read the left-leaning Guardian or the scientific press, but he should be reading the Washington Post. Earlier this week the Washington Post reported on a recent paper by the Geological Society of America which "presents dramatic before-and-after photographs of glaciers around the world over the last decade." The majority of the photos were taken by renowned photographer James Balog as part of the Extreme Ice Survey, which was featured in the 2012 documentary Chasing Ice. The videos and still photos show glaciers in fast retreat. For example, the Mendenhall Glacier in Alaska retreated 550 meters between 2007 and 2015. Balog told the paper, "I do think that our most dominant sensory apparatus is our vision. So when you can deliver an understanding of the reality of what's going on through vision, rather than numbers or maps, that also has the unique ability to touch and influence people." The paper's authors argue that photographic records "provide an outstanding avenue for education, because they display a record of ice that may never be seen again." But Trump is ignoring the photographic evidence. If he will not listen to the scientists, maybe Trump will listen to the security experts. Sherri Goodman, a former U.S. deputy undersecretary of defense and founder of the CNA Military Advisory Board, is speaking this week in Sydney at the Breakthrough Institute at screenings of The Age of Consequences documentary, a film about the security threat posed by climate change. It is said to be a must-watch film. As the Toronto Star noted about the film, "the election of a climate denier Donald Trump underscores the urgency of this documentary." As the ice retreats, whole ecosystem change and species die out, sea levels rise and storms increase and droughts get worse, we will all be living with the consequences of a climate denier in the White House, a man who looks, but does not see. Even as the glaciers disappear before his eyes. Keep reading... Show less Climate Sierra Club 15h 'We Knew It Was Going to Be Bad, But Not This Bad' By Heather Moyer Judith Enck has some real worries about the future of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) during the Trump administration, but she also has faith in the agency's career staff. As the former regional administrator of EPA Region 2 (from 2009 to January 2017), Enck said Trump's proposed massive budget cuts to EPA—projected to be anywhere from 31 to 43 percent cuts—are alarming for an agency charged with holding polluters accountable. "We knew it was going to be bad, but not this bad," said Enck, who was the longest serving Region 2 administrator in history. "There are million of Americans appalled by Trump's environmental agenda." And for good reason: Trump's proposed EPA budget eliminates funding used to protect America's most iconic bodies of water, like the Great Lakes, Chesapeake Bay and Puget Sound. It would slash support for Superfund sites and hinder EPA's ability to monitor air quality and check for signs of deadly and toxic pollution like sulfur dioxide and nitrogen dioxide. Enck has hope, though. "There are some in EPA who can try to minimize damage." Her faith in EPA career staff comes from her seven years working so closely with them. She said many have been at the agency for decades and know their jobs well. "In my farewell speech I encouraged the staff to be the first line of defense in reminding any new staff at EPA who do not want to enforce the law or turn away from important pollution problems," she said. "We really need them to stand up to this assault on environmental protections." She also believes the EPA's role is to help the U.S. be an international leader on climate change action. "I think that's in jeopardy, though, unfortunately." Trump's budget will hurt Americans in a number of ways. It would strip funding that enables the U.S. to meet its commitment to the Green Climate Fund, hampering our ability to continue to lead the world in climate action. It also slashes innovative clean energy research efforts (ARPA-E), eliminates funding for after-school and summer programs for at risk and underserved youth run by park and recreation agencies (21st Century Community Learning Centers program) and even puts the EPA programs that respond to crisis like Flint at risk. But Enck is not discouraged. Her spirit is strong for taking action and encouraging so many others to take action as well. "I want to be a public voice for the importance of the agency," she said. "I want to urge Americans to flex their civic muscle and communicate with their members of Congress about these draconian cuts to the EPA budget." Enck sees three major points in a movement to protect the EPA and its mission: 1. Educating the public. 2. Getting members of Congress to act. 3. Litigation. "We need all three of those to hold back the worst," Enck said. She encourages the public to have their members of Congress on speed dial and to call them regularly, no matter how bad the outlook seems for environmental protection. "I'm the opposite of someone who says, 'pace yourself,'" she laughed. Then she got serious. "We can never lose our sense of outrage. That's what will prompt us to take action. We need to organize opposition early and aggressively and in a sophisticated way." You can help defend the EPA against Trump's drastic budget cuts—take action. Keep reading... Show less Insights Insights Wenonah Hauter It's Official: Republican Governor Bans Fracking in Maryland Harvey Wasserman 4 Dying Nuke Plants vs. Fleet of Gigafactories: Which Will Gov. Cuomo Choose? Wenonah Hauter Fracking Bans Are Not a Partisan Issue Michael Brune Trump's Unprecedented Attack on Clean Air and Climate Action Get EcoWatch in your inbox Sign Up Most Read Most Read 9 Health Benefits of Goji Berries It's Official: Republican Governor Bans Fracking in Maryland Want to Avoid Feeding Your Kids Pesticides That Can Harm Their Brains? Read This Noise Pollution Forces Whales and Dolphins From Their Homes Youth Fight Back Against Trump's Attempt to Derail Climate Trial More Stories You May LikeSponsored by ZergNet
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Federated Investors Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Petroquest Energy Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PQ) Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Given New GBX 4,329 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Downgraded to “Hold” at Credit Suisse Group AG HFF, Inc. (HF) Receives Hold Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Republic Services, Inc. Boosted by Analyst (RSG) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Metlife Inc Issued By FBR & Co (MET) Lear Co. (LEA) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Given “Sector Weight” Rating at KeyCorp Associated Banc Corp’s (ASB) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Owens Corning to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.81 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (OC) Analysts Set Expectations for Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (MAA) Research Analysts Set Expectations for Inventure Foods Inc’s Q4 2017 Earnings (SNAK) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Graphic Packaging Holding Company Cut by Analyst (GPK) Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Forecasted to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.53 Per Share FY2017 Earnings Forecast for AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI) Issued By FBR & Co Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Downgraded by Goldman Sachs Group Inc to “Buy” SVB Financial Group (SIVB) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of Federated Investors Inc (NYSE:FII) in a research note published on Tuesday. Several other analysts have also recently commented on the company. Jefferies Group LLC raised Federated Investors from an underperform rating to a hold rating and set a $11.00 price target for the company in a report on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research raised Federated Investors from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Citigroup Inc reduced their price target on Federated Investors from $28.50 to $28.00 and set a neutral rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an underweight rating on shares of Federated Investors in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued a hold rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $26.71. Federated Investors (NYSE:FII) traded up 0.08% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $26.26. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 284,685 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $26.49 and a 200-day moving average price of $27.48. The company has a market capitalization of $2.57 billion, a PE ratio of 12.94 and a beta of 1.54. Federated Investors has a 52 week low of $24.52 and a 52 week high of $33.13. Federated Investors (NYSE:FII) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.52 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.01. The business earned $289.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $294.38 million. Federated Investors had a return on equity of 32.01% and a net margin of 18.26%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 19.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.46 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that Federated Investors will post $1.96 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/federated-investors-inc-fii-receives-hold-rating-from-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. In related news, VP John B. Fisher sold 9,191 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.48, for a total value of $243,377.68. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 478,751 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,677,326.48. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Gordon J. Ceresino sold 4,378 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.49, for a total value of $115,973.22. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 177,011 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,689,021.39. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 15,918 shares of company stock valued at $419,391 over the last three months. Insiders own 10.50% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund increased its position in Federated Investors by 2.0% in the third quarter. Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund now owns 32,527 shares of the company’s stock valued at $964,000 after buying an additional 652 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its position in Federated Investors by 52.7% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 256,537 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,601,000 after buying an additional 88,587 shares during the last quarter. Papp L Roy & Associates increased its position in Federated Investors by 7.7% in the third quarter. Papp L Roy & Associates now owns 165,411 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,901,000 after buying an additional 11,865 shares during the last quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can increased its position in Federated Investors by 1.4% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 3,379,407 shares of the company’s stock valued at $100,001,000 after buying an additional 45,694 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. purchased a new position in Federated Investors during the third quarter valued at $501,000. 76.42% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Federated Investors Federated Investors, Inc (Federated) is a provider of investment management products and related financial services. Federated operates through investment management business segment. It is engaged in sponsoring, marketing and providing investment-related services to various investment products, including mutual funds and Separate Accounts, which include separately managed accounts, institutional accounts, sub-advised funds and other managed products. Receive News & Ratings for Federated Investors Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Andy Jacobsohn/Staff Photographer Boeing lands in Plano's $3 billion Legacy West project Filed under Real Estate at 13 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now West Plano's $3 billion Legacy West development has landed another big name business. Boeing will locate the headquarters for its newly formed global services division in the 250-acre mixed-use project at the Dallas North Tollway and State Highway 121. The aerospace giant will join Toyota, JPMorgan Chase, Liberty Mutual Insurance and FedEx with offices in the new development. Boeing will occupy office space in the Legacy Urban Village - a development of shops, apartments, restaurants and office space at the northwest corner of the tollway and Legacy Drive. The aircraft firm announced in December that it was setting up the new global services business unit to expand its revenues from servicing aircraft and related businesses. Boeing currently has only about a 7 percent share of the global commercial and defense services market, which is expected to be valued at close to $2.5 trillion over the next decade, according to industry estimates. The company has said it hopes to triple the revenue from its global services unit - which has 20,000 employees around the world - to nearly $50 billion over the next five years.  The new Plano office will be the headquarters for that division. The Chicago-based aircraft maker plans to have the new division up and running with a few dozen professionals by later this year. Boeing said it picked the Plano location because of its central, strategic location. "We have a fixed focus on serving our customers worldwide, and this location assists in our mission of providing uncompromising service worldwide," division president Stan Deal said in a statement. The company said the Plano office will be well suited to serve Boeing's major "commercial customers and defense partners, and serves as a transportation hub that will allow the company to reach customers quickly and efficiently." The new division will provide training, supply chain management, aircraft modernization and data optimization for its customers. Global Services includes two Boeing companies that already have a significant presence in North Texas - Aviall and Jeppesen. "Texas continues to be a global powerhouse in business expansion and relocation because of our economic policies that encourage industry leaders, like Boeing, to expand their operations here," Texas Governor Greg Abbott said in a statement. The new Plano-based division is Boeing's third major business unit, along with commercial aircraft and defense. Luring the aerospace firm's division is another huge win for Legacy West, which started construction in early 2014 and will be mostly finished by the end of this year. The project is being developed by Karahan Cos., developer KDC and Columbus Realty Partners. Boeing will be located in the same building where Toyota is housing its high-tech Toyota Connected division headquarters. The company is taking the top floor of the office and retail building. "It doesn't get any better than Boeing," said Legacy West developer Fehmi Karahan. "It's such an iconic American name. "Having one of their division headquarters to move to us is extremely prestigious and makes a huge statement." Landing the new Boeing headquarters is even more poignant for North Texas. In 2001 the Dallas area was one of the finalists for Boeing's headquarters move from Seattle. After looking at potential locations in downtown Dallas and in Las Colinas, Boeing offices decided to move to Chicago was more to their liking.  The loss of the high-profile corporation hit hard in Dallas' boardrooms and political arena and spurred the revitalization of downtown. Boeing is locating its new office in the Legacy West Urban Village which is at the Dallas North Tollway and Legacy Drive.  Karahan Cos. Boeing's new global services division provides a variety of services. Boeing View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources US Supreme Court Tackles Issue of Restaurant 'Tip Pooling' Marcia Coyle Texas Lawyer CONTINUE Am Law 100/200: The Early Reports ALM Staff Rethinking China Anna Zhang The Asian Lawyer Law Firm Merger Mania Continues in First Quarter of 2017 Meghan Tribe The AmLaw Daily Judge Who Taped Conversation with Other Judge Denies Ethics Breach Michael Booth New Jersey Law Journal Leaving Big Law: Who’s Going, Why They’re Walking, and How They’re Doing It › In-Depth Analysis Law Firm Spinoffs an Option as Lawyers Look to Go Lean By David Gialanella and Zack Needles|The Legal Intelligencer In-Depth Analysis When Leaving Big Law, the Financial Struggle Is Real News A Quick Turnaround for a Morgan Lewis Lateral Cravath Partner Allen Parker Is Named Wells Fargo GC Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Ex-Cincinnati Law Dean Claims Her Removal Was Improper Karen Sloan Four Iconic DC Law Firms Travel Distinct Paths to Growth Katelyn Polantz The National Law Journal How to Get Addiction Treatment Without Killing Your Legal Career Patrick R. Krill How a New Kind of Fraud Puts Real Estate Owners, Lenders at Risk Samantha Joseph Daily Business Review Arrest Announced in Atlanta Slaying of UPS Lawyer Kristen Rasmussen The Daily Report Will Federal Shield Law Save Facebook From Bias Suit? Ross Todd The Recorder In Gay Rights 'Gamechanger,' Appeals Court Bars Employment Bias Based on Sexual Orientation Ben Hancock The National Law Journal Popular     UPS Lawyer, Former Big Law Associate Killed in Atlanta Shooting How to Serve the President Without a Secret Service Run-In: A Podcast with Scott Rome of Veritas Law Trump Lawyers' Financial Disclosures Reveal Big Law Salaries, Client Lists Women and Rejection Investment Fund Fires Morgan Lewis for 'Enabling' Trump With Ethics Advice PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Adam Kosloff MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Brexit - an expensive divorce? The key legal issues The UK's exit from the EU was never going to be easy. A number of difficult legal issues are beginning to take shape. Download Article 50 triggered: implications for employers and pension schemes This briefing sets out the key action areas that employers and pension schemes should focus on over the months ahead. Download New standard for telemarketing and research calls On 29 March 2017 in Australia, the Telecommunications (Telemarketing and Research Calls) Industry Standard 2017 was introduced to replace the former 2007 version. Download Supreme Court holds New York credit card surcharge statute regulates speech In the ongoing skirmishes between card networks and merchants in the surcharge world, the U.S. Supreme Court has just issued a significant ruling on a novel theory. Download California Supreme Court rules on potential impacts to environmentally sensitive habitat areas Lead agencies cannot ignore the Coastal Act’s ESHA requirements in California Environmental Quality Act (CEQA) documents and defer analysis for later Coastal Commission review. Download Food and Beverage News and Trends This regular publication by DLA Piper lawyers focuses on helping clients navigate the ever-changing US business, legal and regulatory landscape. Download SEC rejects second Bitcoin ETF due to lack of regulatory oversight On March 28, 2017, the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission issued a second denial of a bitcoin exchange-traded fund. This briefing looks at the reasons why. Download Supreme Court Corner: Q1 2017 Quarterly intellectual property and technology news update from DLA Piper. Download FINRA proposes new registration and examination rules The proposed consolidated rules bifurcate the representative-level examination program and introduce greater flexibility in obtaining and maintaining registrations. Download A dog's breakfast Use of Zuma for dog food infringes famous restaurant's trade mark. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad European shares end flat as commodity stocks rise but autos fall By Reuters Published: 13:36 EDT, 5 April 2017 | Updated: 13:36 EDT, 5 April 2017 e-mail By Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni LONDON/MILAN, April 5 (Reuters) - European shares ended little changed on Wednesday, as gains in commodity stocks were offset by weaker autos, but investors remained upbeat about prospects for the region's equities following solid economic data. The pan-European STOXX 600 index ended at 380 points after moving in an out of positive territory throughout the session. UK's FTSE added 0.1 percent and Germany's DAX slipped 0.5 percent. Euro zone businesses had their best quarter in six years, construction purchasing managers' indexes showed, with individual countries' data also improving, indicating broad-based growth in economies across Europe. Though major indexes were little changed after the data, it added to an improving picture for investors looking at European equities. "It's the most positive economic backdrop that we have seen since Mario Draghi's been head of the ECB," said Mike Bell, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Investors are not fully pricing in that improvement in economic fundamentals, perhaps understandably because of political concerns," he added, noting caution around the French election. "We think that now is a good opportunity to be buying European equities while others are still fearful." Draghi has been ECB president since November 2011. In a further sign of growing confidence, Citi upgraded continental European stocks to overweight, predicting that the STOXX 600 index would rise another 8 percent by year-end. Meanwhile merger and acquisitions activity continued to drive price action on Wednesday. Syngenta rose 0.9 percent after ChemChina won conditional EU antitrust approval for its $43 billion bid for the Swiss pesticides and seeds group. "The approval .. is a big positive for the deal advancing towards closure," said Bernstein analysts in a note. Danish business support services firm ISS rose 4 percent after agreeing to buy U.S. catering firm Guckenheimer for 1.5 billion Danish crowns ($222 million). Oil services groups Wood Group rose 2.7 percent after saying it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec Foster Wheeler for 2.2 billion pounds. Amec rose 2.2 percent. "Wood Group's increase to the synergies estimate from this deal is in line with our expectation that the original $134m target materially underestimated the opportunities for cost savings," said RBC oil services analyst Victoria McCulloch. Petrofac lagged a positive oil sector, down 3.5 percent after downgrades from Deutsche Bank and Bernstein. Autos stocks were the worst-performing sector for the second straight day, down 1.1 percent to their lowest closing level in nearly 8 weeks. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, editing by Pritha Sarkar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Those twins will lead you a merry dance, Anton! Strictly star and his girlfriend beam as they leave hospital with their new arrivals for the first time Khloe Kardashian shows off taut tum in revealing lace bodysuit after filming scenes with Scott and Kourtney for KUWTK Not usual daywear 'He wanted to control everything:': Estranged Stephen Belafonte 'flew into a jealous rage' with Mel B over 'flirty' friendship with X Factor pal Cheryl Mel B is seen for the FIRST time since filing a restraining order against Stephen Belafonte... amid claims he 'hounded' her for threesomes PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: US actress Brooke Burke goes TOPLESS as she splashes around in sexy white lace-up bathing suit during family vacation The little rich girl getting even richer by showing off  her enviable life: ALISON BOSHOFF reveals the secrets of Millie Mackintosh's success Gemma Collins, 36, breaks down in tears as she's told she can't freeze her eggs and is warned about her BMI level during emotional visit to the fertility clinic  No Pitt of despair! Beaming Brad arrives for premiere of The Lost City Of Z as he moves on from split from Angelina Jolie Looked on good form Mum-to-be Jennifer Metcalfe flaunts her burgeoning bump and gorgeous pregnancy curves in a black bikini on a babymoon with boyfriend Greg Lake 'What the actual f***?': Gaz Beadle mocks Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn for EPIC make-up disaster... as she also admits it was a 'bad time in me life' 'I haven't dated in a long time': Harry Styles reveals he's still on the lookout for love... as he admits his approach to romance was 'wrong and weird' No time to Turner round! TOWIE's Amber looks less than impressed as she runs into ex Jamie Reed and his gorgeous new girlfriend Jade Lewis 'I'm not a mug': TOWIE's Yazmin Oukhellou seethes as boyfriend James Lock misses his curfew... as shocked fans label her a 'bunny boiler' Thirsty? Rachel McCord goes topless during photo shoot for bottled water in Malibu There was not an inch to pinch on the 27-year-old model Stephen Belafonte calls Mel B's abuse allegations 'a smear campaign' and claims 'victims of domestic violence will be offended when truth comes out'  PICTURED: Stunning German nanny who Mel B claims 'abusive' husband Stephen Belafonte impregnated and paid $300,000 after she had abortion 'I was 100 percent faithful': Megan McKenna insists she hasn't cheated on ex Pete Wicks as they have crisis talks after their explosive split Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace reveals she's received begging letters and has been scammed online after appearing on How'd You Get So Rich? PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Now Lindsay Lohan wears a BURKINI: Mean Girls star hits the beach in modest swimwear in Thailand while studying Islam Ex On The Beach's Charlotte Dawson turns up the heat as she strips naked for racy new shoot... but her nipples appear to have been airbrushed out Downton star Michelle Dockery rocks a corset and cowgirl hat for stunning Vogue shoot as she speaks out on her role in Netflix's 'feminist western' Godless She's still got it! Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her enviable physique as she continues to enjoy family getaway in St Barths Sported a blue bikini Here come the (Essex) girls! Chloe Lewis is joined by glamorous co-stars Courtney Green and Yazmin Oukhellou as they film TOWIE scenes in Colchester 'I was scared s***less': Kelly Osbourne reveals stage III neurological Lyme disease diagnosis in new memoir Caught it at her English home in 2004 Styles-ish arrival! Harry DANGLES mid-air from a helicopter as he shoots brave new scenes for eagerly anticipated solo debut video Sign Of The Times PICTURED: TOWIE's Megan McKenna is physically restrained as she ATTACKS ex Pete... amid claims 'they both cheated and he got close to Chloe Sims' Lottie love for him! Ms. Moss looks sartorially savvy as she cosies up to beau Alex Mytton... a week after blazing public row Stepping out Model sighting! Kate Moss proves hard to miss in bright green jumper and skinny jeans as she emerges in London sunshine Green  Mama June goes bra-free in NYC showing off boob job after 300lb weight loss as she tells GMA she works 'every day' to stay slender Feeling free Heidi's high life! Supermodel Klum shows off her athletic figure as she enjoys more fun in the sun on family Turks & Caicos vacation 'What's up, it's your boy!': Chris Pratt sings silly rap song about 180 calorie muffin after fasting to lose his 'love handles' for Jurassic World 2 'I'm gonna make him proud!' Slimmed down James Argent gushes about 'supportive' dad who visits him at Thai rehab during weight loss mission Chloe Sims looks stony-faced as she films TOWIE... after being caught in the middle of Pete Wicks and Megan McKenna's split Leigh-Anne Pinnock smooches Andre Grey in sweet snap... while TOWIE's Chris Clark begs Jesy Nelson to 'come home' as Little Mix pine for their men Mommy and me! Heavily pregnant Ciara brings son Future to visit the Easter bunny in LA just days before due date Looked ready to pop Precious cargo! Natalie Portman steps out with baby daughter Amalia for the first time Took the tiny tot to popular Griffith Park in Los Angeles  All by my selfie! Kylie Jenner occupies herself by posing up a storm after Tyga 'moves out' of $6m home following split All over? A vision in white! Diane Kruger commands attention as she teases at her assets in plunging flirty gown for French movie festival Daringly low-cut dress 'Was feeling insecure': Katy Perry discovers smoking lingerie snap as she Googles HERSELF for 'hot' pictures Needed a boost Nicole Kidman admits she 'tortured' herself to look like the 'Aussie beach girl' ideal and has lost her famous spiral curls from straightening her tresses too much Dapper Damian Lewis cosies up to glamorous wife Helen McCrory as they toast the opening night of The Goat or Who is Sylvia? Close couple 'I thought fans would be disappointed if I was gay': Barry Manilow speaks candidly about his sexuality for the first time as he discusses marriage to his manager Dad's night out! Benedict Cumberbatch joins pals at London boutique launch a month after welcoming his second son with wife Sophie Hunter 'I'm pretty sure I'll never get surgery': Amy Schumer, 35, talks ageing in Hollywood and  why she fell for her boyfriend as she poses in a swimsuit Bella Hadid shows off endlessly long legs in white mini-skirt... days after flaunting stellar body during girls' weekend in Mexico Striking 'It was a release': Rio Ferdinand recalls the emotional moment he opened up to a friend about losing wife Rebecca six months after her death The A team! Coleen Rooney celebrates her 31st birthday with idol Ed Sheeran as she joins singer backstage following live show in Amsterdam Charlize Theron teams a smart blazer with dazzling bling as she pulls off another winning look for the Paris premiere of Fast & Furious 8 'Lots of love from every bit of cellulite': Ashley James shares bikini snap of her 'imperfectly sexy body' as she encourages fans to feel confident Arrivederci Roma! A windswept Charles and Camilla arrive in Vienna for the next leg of their European tour after a morning of engagements in Italy Morgan Freeman joins co-star Michael Caine at Going in Style screening... after removing compression glove from his paralysed hand Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber spend £11million on apartment opposite eorge and Amal Clooney'... after the couples sold theirMexican getaways David Schwimmer looks downcast before revealing he is 'taking time apart' from wife of nearly seven years Zoe Buckman  Married in June 2010 Is he living in La La Land? Emma Stone gets asked to prom by a very ambitious 17-year-old with an epic parody of hit movie's opening sequence Danielle Armstrong locks lips with beau Daniel Spiller as they put on united front in wake of James Lock and Yazmin Oukhellou feud  Is she putting her kids on a diet? Mama June wants to make sure Pumpkin and Honey Boo Boo don't hit 460lbs like she did... as she flaunts 160lb frame DJ Mollie! King flaunts her enviably toned legs in thigh-skimming skirt as she spins the decks at fashion event At John Lewis' Oxford Street Store in London  Last-minute fitting? Carole Middleton leaves bride-to-be Pippa's house tailed by a man carrying mysterious white bags ahead of the wedding of the year Sartorially savvy Melanie Sykes slips her gym-honed frame into plunging bustier lace dress for art exhibition At the Alon Fine Arts Gallery in London  SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Adam Barlow grabs Daniel Osbourne during violent scuffle after trapping his brother in the boot of his car Nailed it! Giggling Harper Beckham looks delighted after pampering session with dad David and brother Cruz at Beverly Hills manicure shop Ready for her close-up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons silky pyjamas and rollers in her hair while on New York set of her show Divorce Pepsi pulls its 'offensive' Black Lives Matter advert starring Kendall Jenner  amid mounting outrage - including MLK's daughter Braless Ariel Winter flashes more than expected from beneath skimpy white vest and barely-there hot pants during outing with beau Levi Meaden A celebratory kiss! America Ferrera smooches husband Ryan Piers Williams after they complete a grueling triathlon in Hawaii Sleepy after her sleepover: Khloe Kardashian, 32, looks worn out after long weekend with her boyfriend Tristan Thompson, 26 Coronation Street's Katie McGlynn shows off her slimmed down figure in a glittery semi-sheer dress... as she flaunts weight loss after losing a stone Racist slurs, treating the nanny as his wife and physical violence in front of the children: Mel B's FULL catalogue of abuse at hands of her husband revealed 'It's really dangerous': Kym Marsh reveals fears as daughter Emilie, 18, is 'catfished' by fake users making her BISEXUAL dating profiles Fresh-faced Carey Mulligan swamps her svelte figure in grey forensic suit as she films BBC mini series Collateral Heading to small screen Bombshell in black! Stylish Candice Swanepoel enjoys stroll with mother Eileen... and shares sweet video of six-month Anacã with fans Da Ya Think I'm Sexy? Tracksuit clad Rod Stewart, 72, proves he's still in great shape as he powers through a tough workout Check gym out! TOWIE's Chloe Meadows appears furious at best pal Courtney's boyfriend Myles Barnett as they lock horns while filming  Not impressed A subtle reference to Harry? Meghan Markle hints that overplanning can 'kill the magic' in a cryptic blog post as the pair continue their long-distance romance Their daily grind! Rocco Ritchie continues his loved-up display with girlfriend Kim Turnbull as they step out for coffee run in New York Out and about Who needs knickers? Brandi Glanville steps out without underwear on a very daring dress for a dinner date with boyfriend DJ Friese Up front and personal One proud mother! Makeup-free Katherine Heigl shares very rare photo of all three children as she promotes new film Unforgettable Son of a Dunn! Supermodel Jourdan posts cute selfie with her son Riley... and he's the SPITTING image of her Here's looking at you kid 'Sunshine with my sunshine': Chloe Madeley shows off her phenomenal frame in studded bikini as she jets on holiday with beau James Haskell   Pouting Nicole Scherzinger looks worse for wear as she leaves Hollywood nightclub wearing semi-sheer holey top and sexy leather 'The money didn't hurt, it was trust': Pregnant Amy Childs forced to call police after salon employee 'stole thousands from under her nose' in ordeal Uma Thurman displays her toned figure in a simple black bikini as she takes a dip in the sea in St Barts Enjoying yet another day of fun in the sun Move over Zak Dingle! Gerard Butler is more Emmerdale than Hollywood as he sports shaggy beard and tweed cap to film scenes for new movie Keepers How things change! Hugh Hefner's ex Kendra Wilkinson sheds her sexy image as she opts for a demure outfit at Playboy party Dramatic difference Charlize Theron shows off her legs in a chic blue midi dress and stiletto heel boots as she struts to work in Paris for another day of the F8 press tour 'Don't be mad': Iggy Azalea goes incognito as she arrives at LAX but manages to send a message with cheeky saying on hoodie Low key look How YOU can get Scarlett Johansson's body: Actress's personal trainer reveals the secrets to her enviable figure Seriously shapely Nice coconuts! Supermodel Heidi Klum shows off her incredible figure in very skimpy striped monochrome bikini as she holidays in Turks And Caicos Twinning! Naomi Watts sports matching outfit with friend as she braves the New York chill in a black coat and jeans Stroll with a female friend 'The world can't take jokes': Teen Mom OG's Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra respond to backlash over fake pregnancy announcement 'Equal opportunity b*tch!' Real Housewives Of New York star Sonja Morgan says co-star Bethenny Frankel will dish it out to anyone Outspoken star SPOILER ALERT: Charlie Cotton returns to EastEnders and plots to 'steal back his baby' with the help of a suspicious looking Max Branning X Factor's Chloe Paige sizzles in a very sexy one-shoulder yellow bikini as she tops up her golden tan on the beach in sunny Los Angeles The sexy factor PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Making a Kar-dash for it? Kendall Jenner leaves dinner date with 'beau' A$AP Rocky amid claims they were 'all over each other' 'Feminist AF': Olivia Wilde supports women's rights on her T-shirt as she re-shoots scenes for Life Itself The 33-year-old wore a statement top  Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb slams star for 'classlessly' speaking Spanish in explosive letter as full scale of their 'screaming fights' is revealed Former Mouseketeer Britney Spears is set to receive Radio Disney's very first Icon Award Tthe 35-year-old is still a favorite on the brand's radio station That's different! Lisa Rinna's daughter Delilah Hamlin grabs some froyo in bizarre cropped t-shirt with piercing over her nipple Highly visible  She's pregnant! Jenny Mollen and Jason Biggs post silly Instagram photo to announce they are expecting a second child Unconventional method Whoops! Freida Pinto reveals she accidentally STABBED Riz Ahmed while filming a 'frenzied' scene for 2011's Trishna Accidentally went a bit far All that's missing are text books! Hilary Duff looks like a cute college student in a varsity jacket and distressed jeans on NYC set of Younger Gotta keep the Faith! Eliza Dushku says she wasn't invited to the Buffy The Vampire Slayer reunion... despite starring in five seasons 20th anniversary Elizabeth Olsen keeps warm in a padded coat while clutching a hot water bottle as she films Avengers: Infinity War in chilly Scotland  Used to LA temperatures EXCLUSIVE: Full House actress Jodie Sweetin - who earns $50,000 a month - ordered to pay ex $10,000 plus $2,000 a month in child support 'I didn't go bald': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson explains why he's totally hairless with funny tweet He's known for his hulking 6ft 5in frame Camila Alves rocks two brightly-hued ensembles in NYC... as she shares two recipes with TODAY show Share her children's favorite recipes 'He was a horrible wingman!' Michael Caine once tried to set up Zach Braff and Nicole Scherzinger Directed the 84-year-old Englishman The race is on! Flip Or Flop exes Christina and Tarek El Moussa 'are competing to land their own TV shows'... after posting dueling pinup snaps 'We had panic buttons': Martine McCutcheon claims her 'abusive' father wouldn't leave her family alone after they fled following nine years of domestic violence Prince William, Kate and Prince Harry join survivors at Westminster Abbey memorial service exactly two weeks after terrorist attack 'I can't wait to show my daughter My Best Friend's Wedding': Julia Roberts, 49, hopes her kids are 'proud' of what she did in her '20s and 30s' Where the Magic (Mike) Happens! See inside Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan borrowed Vegas mansion Stunning Paws and relax! Christine Lampard and her husband Frank look loved up as they take their beloved pooch for a leisurely stroll In puppy love PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: 1D heartthrob Niall Horan strokes mystery brunette beauty's locks as the pair enjoy a fun-filled day out at Disneyland Gigi Hadid brings sunshine to an all-black outfit with a bright smile as she works leather and biker boots in Paris Kept things classic and simple 'New shark in the pool!' Million Dollar Listing NY returns with a fresh face and Bethenny Frankel as Fredrik and Ryan sell up an expensive storm New realtor stepping in 'John doesn't want kids': Recently engaged Nikki Bella reveals she and WWE Superstar fiancé Cena have NO plans to have children Not happening  Best supportive wife! Braless Jennifer Aniston wears skintight leather dress to premiere of Justin Theroux's The Leftovers Never looked better 'You enjoyed humiliating me': RHOBH's Erika Girardi hits back at Dorit Kemsley in VERY tense reunion show trailer following pantygate Victoria Beckham reveals that David told her to dress more like the 'old days' as she lifts the lid on what being married to him is REALLY like  Why so glum, Beatrice? Off-duty princess looks decidedly downcast as she pops out for coffee in New York  Off duty royal  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd steals a kiss from fiancé Michael O'Neill as they put on a loved-up display while stocking up on baby supplies Little Miss Sunshine PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Did you for-ghetti the rest of your outfit? Pixie Lott wows in pasta-patterned lingerie as she shoots sexy new video in Hollywood  'I miss Itchy so much': Chris Packham reveals he keeps dead poodle in the freezer as his Asperger's makes it harder to deal with pooch's passing  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian shows off her perky derriere in tiny bikini bottoms while on holiday with ex Scott Disick and their three kids  Busty Love Island star Zara Holland slips into a bright orange bikini as she soaks up the sun in Barbados with boyfriend Elliott Love Bright young thing Mel B's husband Stephen Belafonte tried to BLOCK her from seeing beloved father Martin on his deathbed... as he 'hid her passport' and told her 'suck it up' Mel B's eldest daughter Phoenix Chi arrives home in Hollywood... as family are granted restraining order against her 'violent' step-father Tom Cruise cuts a dapper figure in sunglasses and smart coat as he arrives in Paris to film Mission Impossible 6 Jetted into Paris Abs-olutely gorgeous! Jasmin Walia flaunts her killer frame in a fuchsia bikini after touching down in LA to pursue her music career Tickled pink 'It's been 48 hours of grimness': Holly Willoughby returns to TV following horrific bug as relieved Phillip Schofield expresses worry over who would replace her  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample cleavage and gym-honed figure in a plunging navy swimsuit on beach getaway Thrilled fans Is Robin a bit Thicke? Singer openly flirts with danger as he puffs on a cigarette while filling up his car's petrol tank Not the cleverest idea, Robin Baby daddy revealed? Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, drops hints the father of her third child could be an old friend In a social media post Workout Baby One More Time! Britney Spears slips into a tiny crochet bikini top as she works up a sweat in the gym You better work, b***h Pucker up, baby! Loved-up Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA on a romantic stroll in NYC Looked loved up Geordie adore! Loved-up Charlotte Crosby only has eyes for beau Stephen Bear as they take a romantic beach stroll during Caribbean holiday Red-y for a busy day! Bethenny Frankel is a mom on the move in bright coat as she heads to Today Show before bonding time with daughter EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield at least once, could be found either 'at the mall' or 'in trouble' and shunned gossip  Sheena Easton looks healthy and happy as she tears up the stage on the opening night of 42nd Street... three years after she was pictured in a wheelchair When in Rome! Sofia Vergara, 44, is dressed to impress in a skintight pencil skirt as she gets to work on the set of new movie Bent in Italy Looked the business Bachelorette lovers in paradise! JoJo Fletcher enjoys romantic bikini getaway with Jordan Rodgers  Couple first met over a year ago Cheers to me! Bella Hadid sips from champagne glass while strutting around in tiny bikini on holiday in Mexico  In Cabo San Luca PICTURED: Emmerdale's Ashley Thomas is surrounded by family for his  final moments... as his last words to wife Laurel are revealed Simon Cowell 'introduced Mel B to divorce lawyers in 2014 amid concerns about husband's control over her'...  as she 'begged pals not to call the police EXCLUSIVE: British aristocrat Lady Victoria Hervey fears Mel B's husband secretly taped her having a wild drunken threesome with the couple at their home  Mel B slashes price of her marital home by $1m in a bid to land a quick sale... after obtaining a restraining order against 'monster' estranged husband  Kelly Bensimon flaunts her sculpted physique in a skimpy patterned bikini as she hits the beach in Florida Certainly caught the eye on Palm Beach Mel B's ex Stephen Belafonte 'faces prosecution over bullet found at his home as agents consider firearms charges' Searched last week Hailey Baldwin banishes 'baby bump' claims in a figure-hugging bodycon dress for dinner... after furiously denying 'pregnancy' Camila Alves dons mustard top with brown suede bell bottoms for TODAY show appearance The 35-year-old wife of Matthew McConaughey Denise Welch, 58, displays her curves in an electric blue bikini as she soaks up the Marbella sunshine with husband Lincoln Townley, 44 Viewers slam Susanna Reid's new budget cookery show for focusing on a middle-class family who spend £170 a WEEK on their weekly food shop Former Neighbours star Elaine Smith - who played beloved Daphne - is pictured heading to work 30 years after her stripper character met a tragic end Something getting you down? Glum Sofia Richie flaunts her toned abs in a cropped T-shirt as she steps out days after posting cryptic Tweet EXCLUSIVE: Shahs of Sunset star 'GG' Gharachedaghi called the police on her estranged husband after claims that he posed as her security guard Lisa Marie Presley's 'thinks estranged husband Michael Lockwood tipped off paparazzi to look like a doting dad on his outing with twins' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video European shares end flat as commodity stocks rise but autos fall Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Apr 5, 2017 | 1:35pm EDT European shares end flat as commodity stocks rise but autos fall * STOXX ends flat after choppy session * Investors buy commodity stocks, sell autos * Citi upgrades continental European stocks * Syngenta rises after Europe approves Chinese takeover * Auto index ends at lowest close in 8 weeks (Adds details, closing prices) By Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni LONDON/MILAN, April 5 European shares ended little changed on Wednesday, as gains in commodity stocks were offset by weaker autos, but investors remained upbeat about prospects for the region's equities following solid economic data. The pan-European STOXX 600 index ended at 380 points after moving in an out of positive territory throughout the session. UK's FTSE added 0.1 percent and Germany's DAX slipped 0.5 percent. Euro zone businesses had their best quarter in six years, construction purchasing managers' indexes showed, with individual countries' data also improving, indicating broad-based growth in economies across Europe. Though major indexes were little changed after the data, it added to an improving picture for investors looking at European equities. "It's the most positive economic backdrop that we have seen since Mario Draghi's been head of the ECB," said Mike Bell, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Investors are not fully pricing in that improvement in economic fundamentals, perhaps understandably because of political concerns," he added, noting caution around the French election. "We think that now is a good opportunity to be buying European equities while others are still fearful." Draghi has been ECB president since November 2011. In a further sign of growing confidence, Citi upgraded continental European stocks to overweight, predicting that the STOXX 600 index would rise another 8 percent by year-end. Meanwhile merger and acquisitions activity continued to drive price action on Wednesday. Syngenta rose 0.9 percent after ChemChina won conditional EU antitrust approval for its $43 billion bid for the Swiss pesticides and seeds group. "The approval .. is a big positive for the deal advancing towards closure," said Bernstein analysts in a note. Danish business support services firm ISS rose 4 percent after agreeing to buy U.S. catering firm Guckenheimer for 1.5 billion Danish crowns ($222 million). Oil services groups Wood Group rose 2.7 percent after saying it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec Foster Wheeler for 2.2 billion pounds. Amec rose 2.2 percent. "Wood Group's increase to the synergies estimate from this deal is in line with our expectation that the original $134m target materially underestimated the opportunities for cost savings," said RBC oil services analyst Victoria McCulloch. Petrofac lagged a positive oil sector, down 3.5 percent after downgrades from Deutsche Bank and Bernstein. Autos stocks were the worst-performing sector for the second straight day, down 1.1 percent to their lowest closing level in nearly 8 weeks. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni, editing by Pritha Sarkar) Next In Market News China's Shandong Gold in $960 mln deal for half of Barrick's Veladero mine SHANGHAI, April 6 China's Shandong Gold Mining Co Ltd will pay $960 million for a 50 percent stake in Barrick Gold Corp's Veladero gold mine in Argentina, the Canadian miner said in a press release on Thursday. METALS-London copper maintains gains ahead of China-U.S. meet (Adds comment, detail, updates prices) By Melanie Burton MELBOURNE, April 6 London copper maintained gains on Thursday on support from Chinese demand as the seasonally strongest quarter for industrial metals has started, though trade was thin ahead of a meeting between the leaders of China and the United States. In Asia, investors were paring risk before a potentially tense meeting between U.S. President Donald Trump and Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping later on Thursday w UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on April 6 April 6 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 67 points at 7,264 on Thursday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures down 0.7 percent ahead of the cash market open. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kishori Amonkar Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Yogi Adityanath Arvind Kejriwal Home Money European shares end flat as commodity stocks rise but autos fall Shares1 Wed, 5 Apr 2017-11:12pm , Reuters UK's FTSE added 0.1 percent and Germany's DAX slipped 0.5 percent. European shares ended little changed on Wednesday, as gains in commodity stocks were offset by weaker autos, but investors remained upbeat about prospects for the region's equities following solid economic data. The pan-European STOXX 600 index ended at 380 points after moving in an out of positive territory throughout the session. UK's FTSE added 0.1 percent and Germany's DAX slipped 0.5 percent. Euro zone businesses had their best quarter in six years, construction purchasing managers' indexes showed, with individual countries' data also improving, indicating broad-based growth in economies across Europe. Though major indexes were little changed after the data, it added to an improving picture for investors looking at European equities. "It's the most positive economic backdrop that we have seen since Mario Draghi's been head of the ECB," said Mike Bell, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. "Investors are not fully pricing in that improvement in economic fundamentals, perhaps understandably because of political concerns," he added, noting caution around the French election. "We think that now is a good opportunity to be buying European equities while others are still fearful." Draghi has been ECB president since November 2011. In a further sign of growing confidence, Citi upgraded continental European stocks to overweight, predicting that the STOXX 600 index would rise another 8 percent by year-end. Meanwhile merger and acquisitions activity continued to drive price action on Wednesday. Syngenta rose 0.9 percent after ChemChina won conditional EU antitrust approval for its $43 billion bid for the Swiss pesticides and seeds group. "The approval .. is a big positive for the deal advancing towards closure," said Bernstein analysts in a note. Danish business support services firm ISS rose 4 percent after agreeing to buy U.S. catering firm Guckenheimer for 1.5 billion Danish crowns ($222 million). Oil services groups Wood Group rose 2.7 percent after saying it expected about 36 percent more cost savings from its deal to buy Amec Foster Wheeler for 2.2 billion pounds. Amec rose 2.2 percent. "Wood Group's increase to the synergies estimate from this deal is in line with our expectation that the original $134m target materially underestimated the opportunities for cost savings," said RBC oil services analyst Victoria McCulloch. Petrofac lagged a positive oil sector, down 3.5 percent after downgrades from Deutsche Bank and Bernstein. Autos stocks were the worst-performing sector for the second straight day, down 1.1 percent to their lowest closing level in nearly 8 weeks. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Sensex scales 30K, closes at all-time high Money Hadoop is NOT “Big Data” is NOT Analytics Money Income exceeding basic limit is taxable Money No cash available! Financial year-end rush for cash dries up several ATMs Money Should a CXO get hefty pay hike? Money M&M bets on tractors despite rain-forecast dampener Related Sensex ends 122 pts higher ahead of F&O expiry, SBI soars Sensex sheds 184 points as RIL stocks tank Indians spent over Rs 21,000 crore buying property in UAE in 2016 Video WATCH: Academy award-winning singer John Legend croons Gordon Ramsay's brutal insults Watch: Rakhi Sawant apologises after arrest warrant issued for her statement about Valmiki WATCH: These adorable two-year-old twins act out their favourite scene from Frozen to perfection View all Tags Europe Amec Foster Wheeler Wood Group ChemChina Deutsche Bank Germany Syngenta UK EU Bernstein ECB ISS Mario Draghi Citi Germany DAX JP Morgan Asset Management Mike Bell RBC U. S. UK FTSE SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Pak calls for politically negotiated settlement for lasting peace in Afghanistan @ 4/6/2017 12:33:10 PM Pak calls for politically negotiated settlement for lasting peace in Afghanistan Pak Army calls for improved coordination post Lahore suicide France says priority in Syria remains UN resolution, peace talks South Korea prosecution to question Lotte Group chief in graft probe Sport Cricket-Yuvraj asserts limited-overs credentials ahead of Champions Trophy Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Messi's inspirational return helps Barca sink Sevilla in La Liga Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Entertainment Ciaran Hinds to play Steppenwolf in 'Justice League' SCOOP: Is Ankita Lokhande dating businessman Vikas Jain? Emma Stone receives 'La La Land' inspired 'prom-posal' Varun Dhawan goes off Twitter! 'Shrek 5' script is ready and quite a few reinventions are in order! Money Turnbull to discuss with Modi opportunities for collaboration PERILS sets initial loss estimate for Cyclone Thomas at 213 million euros GLOBAL MARKETS-Stocks waver, investors on knife edge for Trump-Xi meeting BRIEF-Gulf Keystone sets 2017 production guidance at 32,000-38,000 bopd Punjab CM directs restructuring of DTO, professionalisation of registration, licensing Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - Page 11　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp PMI indicates slowing British economy Reuters, LONDON Britain’s economy has probably slowed from its strong growth of late last year, while a cooling jobs market and hefty price increases will become increasingly apparent as Brexit gets under way, a survey published yesterday showed. The Markit/CIPS Services Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), a closely watched gauge of Britain’s services industry, rose to a three-month high of 55 last month from 53.3 in February. That topped all forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists, whose median forecast was for a reading of 53.5, pushing sterling almost US$0.5 higher against the US dollar. However, there were some warning signals as Britain begins the two-year process of leaving the EU. Services companies raised their selling prices at the fastest pace since 2008, a sign that inflation might rise more than the 3 percent expected by many forecasters this year. Businesses hired people at the slowest pace in seven months. Taken together, the PMIs for manufacturing, construction and services published this week suggest economic growth will slow to about 0.4 percent in the first quarter from 0.7 percent in the fourth quarter of last year, data firm IHS Markit said. Growth of 0.4 percent would be in line with a Reuters poll of economists, but slower than the 0.6 percent predicted by the Bank of England. “The PMI does not cover the retail sector and hence may be overestimating growth somewhat given the concentrated hit in that area,” JPMorgan economist Allan Monks said. However, conditions outside Britain had clearly improved and there was uncertainty about how quickly consumers would respond to higher prices, Monks said in a note to clients. The Bank of England is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low throughout this year and possibly until 2019. However, one rate-setter voted last month for a rate increase and others said they might follow suit soon if there were signs that the economy was maintaining the momentum of last year. Despite the stronger-than-expected headline growth figure in yesterday’s PMI, the survey also suggested that consumers were cutting back on luxuries. Hotels and restaurants, gyms and hairdressers ranked among the worst-performing services in the first three months of the year. “Much of the disappointment in growth so far this year has been evident in consumer-oriented sectors, in part linked to spending and incomes being squeezed by higher prices,” IHS Markit chief business economist Chris Williamson said. Official data showed modest improvement for one of Britain’s most persistent economic headaches, weak productivity. Output-per-hour grew at the fastest pace in more than a year in the final three months of last year, but remained well below the average rate seen before the financial crisis. The figures did little to challenge expectations that this year will be a tough one for many Britons. Nearly half of British households plan to cut spending as worries about inflation escalate, according to a separate survey from pension provider Scottish Friendly and the Social Market Foundation think tank. Official data last week showed that real household disposable income — a measure of spending power in the fourth quarter of last year — saw its biggest quarter-on-quarter decline in nearly three years. The all-sector PMI, covering manufacturing, construction and services, rose a full point to 54.7 last month. This story has been viewed 1662 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-03-30 to 2017-04-06 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Events and entertainment listings 2 Dalai Lama, Indian border guard meet after 58 years 3 Most Taiwanese see China as hostile to Taiwan: poll 4 Abe reaffirms ties between Taiwan and Japan 5 ‘One China’ a disservice to Taiwan MORE  1 Air force to receive 15 Black Hawks: ministry 2 Sunflower activists cleared of charges 3 ‘One China’ a disservice to Taiwan 4 Uniqlo prepares for major US expansion 日本Uniqlo積極前進美國展店 5 Hsinchu Air Base to host Mirage 2000 fighters at air show MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Manitowoc Company Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts National Health Investors Inc (NHI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages FY2018 EPS Estimates for Worthington Industries, Inc. Reduced by Jefferies Group (WOR) SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Manitowoc Company Inc’s Q2 2018 Earnings (MTW) McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Upgraded at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods World Point Terminals (WPT) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.28 Waterstone Financial (WSBF) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Wabash National (WNC) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Wabash National (WNC) Share Price Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Changyou.Com (CYOU) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds James D. Dondero Sells 1,859 Shares of Pendrell Corp (PCO) Stock Cambridge Cognition Holdings PLC (COG) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Dowgate Capital Diageo plc’s (DGE) Equal weight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Paramount Gold Nevada Corp (PZG) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Peugeot SA (PUGOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Universe Group plc (UNG) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Manitowoc Company Inc’s Q2 2018 Earnings (MTW) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Manitowoc Company Inc (NYSE:MTW) – Stock analysts at SunTrust Banks increased their Q2 2018 earnings per share estimates for shares of Manitowoc Company in a report released on Thursday. SunTrust Banks analyst C. Brady now anticipates that the brokerage will earn $0.03 per share for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $0.02. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Manitowoc Company’s Q4 2018 earnings at $0.03 EPS. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Manitowoc Company from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $5.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Friday, December 9th. OTR Global upgraded Manitowoc Company to a “positive” rating in a research report on Friday, December 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Manitowoc Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. Vetr upgraded Manitowoc Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $6.04 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on Manitowoc Company from $7.00 to $7.25 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $5.49. WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/suntrust-banks-weighs-in-on-manitowoc-company-incs-q2-2018-earnings-mtw.html. Shares of Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) traded up 1.521% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $5.675. 830,799 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $795.58 million. Manitowoc Company has a 12-month low of $3.65 and a 12-month high of $7.57. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $6.03 and its 200 day moving average price is $5.57. Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported ($0.23) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.16) by $0.07. The business earned $378.20 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $390.18 million. Manitowoc Company had a negative return on equity of 9.94% and a negative net margin of 23.70%. Manitowoc Company’s revenue for the quarter was down 30.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.43 EPS. In other Manitowoc Company news, VP Louis F. Raymond sold 5,200 shares of Manitowoc Company stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $6.29, for a total value of $32,708.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 27,879 shares in the company, valued at approximately $175,358.91. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, SVP Thomas G. Musial sold 23,000 shares of Manitowoc Company stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.70, for a total value of $154,100.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now owns 228,048 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,527,921.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 36,400 shares of company stock valued at $238,468 in the last 90 days. 3.36% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Philadelphia Trust Co. boosted its stake in Manitowoc Company by 15.9% in the fourth quarter. Philadelphia Trust Co. now owns 17,090 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 2,340 shares during the period. Global Endowment Management LP acquired a new stake in Manitowoc Company during the third quarter valued at approximately $106,000. Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Manitowoc Company during the third quarter valued at approximately $129,000. Private Advisor Group LLC boosted its stake in Manitowoc Company by 22.8% in the fourth quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 29,650 shares of the company’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 5,514 shares during the period. Finally, Financial Architects Inc boosted its stake in Manitowoc Company by 5,010.0% in the third quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 30,660 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 30,060 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 75.10% of the company’s stock. Manitowoc Company Company Profile The Manitowoc Company, Inc is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the construction industry. The Company operates through the Crane business segment. It designs, manufactures and distributes a line of crawler-mounted lattice-boom cranes, which it sells under the Manitowoc brand name. It also designs and manufactures a line of top-slewing and self-erecting tower cranes, which it sells under the Potain brand name. Receive News & Ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Worthington Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts National Health Investors Inc (NHI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages FY2018 EPS Estimates for Worthington Industries, Inc. Reduced by Jefferies Group (WOR) SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Manitowoc Company Inc’s Q2 2018 Earnings (MTW) McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Upgraded at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods World Point Terminals (WPT) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.28 Waterstone Financial (WSBF) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Wabash National (WNC) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Wabash National (WNC) Share Price Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Changyou.Com (CYOU) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds James D. Dondero Sells 1,859 Shares of Pendrell Corp (PCO) Stock Cambridge Cognition Holdings PLC (COG) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Dowgate Capital Diageo plc’s (DGE) Equal weight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Paramount Gold Nevada Corp (PZG) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Peugeot SA (PUGOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Universe Group plc (UNG) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap FY2018 EPS Estimates for Worthington Industries, Inc. Reduced by Jefferies Group (WOR) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Worthington Industries, Inc. (NYSE:WOR) – Equities researchers at Jefferies Group dropped their FY2018 EPS estimates for Worthington Industries in a note issued to investors on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst S. Rosenfeld now forecasts that the firm will post earnings per share of $2.80 for the year, down from their previous estimate of $3.06. Jefferies Group has a “Hold” rating and a $45.00 price target on the stock. Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, March 29th. The company reported $0.55 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.64 by $0.09. The company had revenue of $703.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $717.26 million. Worthington Industries had a return on equity of 21.45% and a net margin of 7.08%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 8.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.46 EPS. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “FY2018 EPS Estimates for Worthington Industries, Inc. Reduced by Jefferies Group (WOR)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/fy2018-eps-estimates-for-worthington-industries-inc-reduced-by-jefferies-group-wor.html. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on WOR. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Worthington Industries from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Macquarie upgraded shares of Worthington Industries from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price objective on shares of Worthington Industries from $48.00 to $46.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Monday. Shares of Worthington Industries (NYSE:WOR) traded down 1.27% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $44.21. 152,416 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Worthington Industries has a 52 week low of $34.21 and a 52 week high of $62.44. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $49.38 and its 200 day moving average price is $49.97. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.78 billion, a PE ratio of 13.80 and a beta of 1.29. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 15th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.79%. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 13th. Worthington Industries’s payout ratio is presently 25.64%. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Victory Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Worthington Industries during the third quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Tyers Asset Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Worthington Industries during the fourth quarter valued at about $110,000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Worthington Industries during the third quarter valued at about $130,000. Riverhead Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Worthington Industries by 218.2% in the third quarter. Riverhead Capital Management LLC now owns 2,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $134,000 after buying an additional 1,920 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Flinton Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Worthington Industries during the fourth quarter valued at about $134,000. 54.27% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Worthington Industries Worthington Industries, Inc is a metals manufacturing company, focused on value-added steel processing and manufactured metal products. The Company’s segments include Steel Processing, Pressure Cylinders, Engineered Cabs and Other. The Steel Processing segment buys coils of steel from integrated steel mills and mini-mills, and also toll processes steel for steel mills, end users, service centers and other processors. Receive News & Ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worthington Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://blogs.barrons.com/focusonfunds/2017/04/05/dol-delays-fiduciary-rule/ Focus on Funds DOL Delays Fiduciary Rule By Crystal Kim April 5, 2017 10:40 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large The Department of Labor will delay the implementation of the fiduciary rule designed to protect retirement investors until June 9. An explanation of the whole shebang can be found here if you're interested in reading a 63-page snooze button. Perhaps the demise of commission-based retirement accounts isn't imminent after all. Bank of America's (BAC) Merrill Lynch is already pumping the brakes. JPMorgan Chase (JPM), however, is moving ahead with its plans to drop them, which makes sense given it doesn't have a huge retirement business. The DOL is expressing some concern. In the document they said: The Department is also concerned that many firms may have reasonably assumed that the Department is likely to delay implementation as proposed and may, accordingly, have slowed their compliance efforts. As a result, rigid adherence to the April 10 applicability date could result in an unduly chaotic transition to the new standards as firms rush to prepare required disclosure documents and finalize compliance structures that are not yet ready, resulting in investor confusion, excessive costs, and needlessly restricted or reduced advisory services. At the same time, however, the Department has concluded that it would be inappropriate to broadly delay application of the fiduciary definition and Impartial Conduct Standards for an extended period in disregard of its previous findings of ongoing injury to retirement investors... What does that mean for investors? This blogger is in the process of figuring that out. Text Size Regular Medium Large DOL FIDUCIARY RULE Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS Panera It's What's On the MENU NEXT Goldman Sachs: 'Constructive' Outlook on Crude Most Popular Throwing Some Cold Water on the iPhone Hype How to Trade Amazon at a Bargain Price LBO or Not, Staples Stock Looks Very Undervalued Citigroup Is Priced to Buy Can Twitter Predict Under Armour’s Future? Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilltop Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilltop Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Upgraded at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods World Point Terminals (WPT) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.28 Waterstone Financial (WSBF) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Wabash National (WNC) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Wabash National (WNC) Share Price Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Changyou.Com (CYOU) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds James D. Dondero Sells 1,859 Shares of Pendrell Corp (PCO) Stock Cambridge Cognition Holdings PLC (COG) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Dowgate Capital Diageo plc’s (DGE) Equal weight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Green Brick Partners (GRBK) Getting Very Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Paramount Gold Nevada Corp (PZG) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Peugeot SA (PUGOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Universe Group plc (UNG) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Coverage Initiated at Rosenblatt Securities Vernalis plc (VER) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Numis Securities Ltd Nuveen Connecticut Premium Income Mun Fd (NTC) Receiving Extremely Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Sophos Group PLC (SOPH) Price Target Raised to GBX 360 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Hilltop Holdings Inc. (NYSE:HTH)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reissued by equities researchers at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. They currently have a $30.00 target price on the stock. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods’ price target would suggest a potential upside of 10.01% from the company’s previous close. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Hilltop Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $31.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $28.63. Shares of Hilltop Holdings (NYSE:HTH) opened at 27.27 on Wednesday. Hilltop Holdings has a 12-month low of $17.91 and a 12-month high of $30.60. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $27.74 and a 200 day moving average of $26.88. The company has a market cap of $2.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.44 and a beta of 0.44. Hilltop Holdings (NYSE:HTH) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $0.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.11. Hilltop Holdings had a net margin of 8.37% and a return on equity of 8.10%. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.21 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Hilltop Holdings will post $1.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hilltop Holdings Inc. (HTH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/hilltop-holdings-inc-hth-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. In other Hilltop Holdings news, CAO John A. Martin sold 43,071 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.35, for a total transaction of $1,221,062.85. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 22.60% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Hilltop Holdings by 0.3% in the third quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 80,501 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,808,000 after buying an additional 230 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Hilltop Holdings by 4.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 339,100 shares of the company’s stock worth $7,616,000 after buying an additional 14,185 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in Hilltop Holdings by 4.1% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 555,905 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,485,000 after buying an additional 22,057 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its stake in Hilltop Holdings by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 40,097 shares of the company’s stock worth $901,000 after buying an additional 3,495 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Hilltop Holdings by 0.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 310,540 shares of the company’s stock worth $6,975,000 after buying an additional 1,364 shares in the last quarter. 53.23% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Hilltop Holdings Hilltop Holdings Inc is a financial holding Company. The Company provides business and consumer banking services from offices located throughout Texas through PlainsCapital Bank (the Bank). It has three operating business units, which include PlainsCapital Corporation (PCC) (banking and mortgage origination), Hilltop Securities Holdings LLC (Securities Holdings) (broker-dealer) and PlainsCapital Company (NLC) (insurance). Receive News & Ratings for Hilltop Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilltop Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe It Looks Like JPMorgan Is Building a Robo Adviser by Julie Verhage @julieverhage More stories by Julie Verhage April 5, 2017, 11:15 AM EDT But the bank would rather you call it an “automated” adviser. Dimon says the bank spent $600 million on fintech last year. If you can’t beat ’em, join ’em. In the summer of 2016, JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon said his firm could give clients a free, automated investment service as part of a future bundle of digital-banking products. Well, he just revealed the bank is following through on that promise and building one. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up “We are currently developing some exciting new products and services, which we will be adding to our suite and rolling out later this year,” he wrote in his annual letter to shareholders. “Online vehicles for both individual retirement and non-retirement accounts, providing easy-to-use (and inexpensive) automated advice, as well as enabling our customers to buy and sell stocks and bonds, etc. (again inexpensively),” he added. Previously, Dimon had said that he wanted to make his firm a one stop shop for all things finance, much like Amazon.com Inc. has continued to add services for its Prime customers. “If you’re a good account, it’s no different than [Amazon CEO] Jeff Bezos doing the $99 Prime and adding services to it, so you’re always making the clients satisfied,” Dimon said at the time. Other banks have started to dive into the automated investing space, with Goldman Sachs Group Inc. purchasing retirement savings startup Honest Dollar last summer, Bank of America Corp.’s Merrill Lynch launching one this year, and the venture arm of Citigroup Inc. investing in funding rounds for the largest independent robo-adviser Betterment LLC. While Dimon didn’t say how much money the bank has devoted specifically to building its robo-adviser, he did say roughly $600 million was devoted to “emerging fintech solutions” last year and that technology is an extremely important part of the company’s future strategies. A spokesman for JPMorgan, Darin Oduyoye said it will be “an innovative take on automated advice.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Young Americans Are Killing Marriage These Are the World’s 50 Best Restaurants Global Shipping Fleet Braces for Chaos of $60 Billion Fuel Shock Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics Scottish Development International Talk CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Rebecca Smith (12,878 views) Caitlin Morrison (12,262 views) Emma Haslett (8,917 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business M&A FTSE 250 19069.33 +0.26% FTSE 100 7331.68 +0.13% Bats UK 100 12422.78 +0.23% Home Business M&A Wednesday 5 April 2017 1:05pm JP Morgan poaches Morgan Stanley's Europe M&A chairman Michele Colocci Share William Turvill I write about M&A, deals, IPOs, private equity, asset management, media and a few other areas for City A.M. I also write news features and am always interested in interviewing and profiling high-profile business figures. I previously worked for Press Gazette and Mail Online. Follow William Related City Talk CFA Institute Talk How can you make your presentation stand out? Michele Colocci first joined JP Morgan in 1992 before moving on to Morgan Stanley (Source: Getty) William Turvill JP Morgan has made a major European M&A signing from a Wall Street rival. Staff were told today that Michele Colocci will be rejoining the bank from Morgan Stanley, where he was chairman of M&A across Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), as well as co-head of healthcare investment banking. Read more: Donald Trump says he's planning a haircut for Dodd-Frank At JP Morgan, Colocci will become co-head of EMEA industry coverage for corporates, along with Harry Hampson, and global co-head of healthcare investment banking, with Jeff Stute. Viswas Raghavan, JP Morgan’s deputy chief executive in the EMEA region, told staff in an email: “Michele brings more than 30 years of corporate finance experience to his new roles. He rejoins the firm from Morgan Stanley, where he is currently global co-head of healthcare investment banking and chairman of EMEA M&A. Read more: City Moves - who's switching jobs? “Over the past decade, he has executed some of the region’s largest deals and developed deep client relationships across the globe. His sector expertise and extensive market knowledge will greatly benefit our franchise as we further strengthen our coverage footprint.” Colocci joined JP Morgan in 1992 after starting his career at Bain & Co. Raghavan said he would officially rejoin the firm in July, following a period of gardening leave. Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags JP Morgan Chase Morgan Stanley Topics A-Z Related articles JP Morgan's Dimon says Brexit job moves all about serving clients Hayley Kirton | Staff Morgan Stanley could move 300 UK jobs to Frankfurt or Dublin Kenza Bryan | Staff JP Morgan Chase reveals chief executive Jamie's Dimon's $28m pay package Francesca Washtell | Staff Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
Alts Equities Smart-Beta New ETFs ETF Ecosystem Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel Smart Beta Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → April → Finding Yield in the ETF Energy Patch Finding Yield in the ETF Energy Patch April 5, 2017 at 11:25 am by Tom Lydon When income investors turn to the energy space, they often turn to high yielding master limited partnerships (MLPs). That asset class is accessible via exchange traded products such as the JPMorgan Alerian MLP Index ETN (NYSEArca: AMJ) and the ALPS Alerian MLP ETF (NYSEArca: AMLP), the two largest MLP-related exchange traded products. MLPs primarily deal with the distribution and storage of energy products, so their business model is less reliant on the commodities market since MLPs profit off the quantity of oil and natural gas they are able to move around. Consequently, MLPs have historically shown a weaker correlation to energy prices over longer periods as MLPs act more like energy toll roads, profiting on the volume of oil moving through their pipelines. While energy is the worst-performing sector in the S&P 500 to this point in 2017, MLPs are faring better. For example, AMLP is up 2.6% year-to-date. AMLP currently yields nearly 7.5%, or more than triple the yield investors will find on 10-year U.S. Treasuries. “In other words, a $1 million investment in the Alerian MLP ETF could be expected to give you annual distributions of $74,900, based on the current share price. Its annual management fee is 0.85% of assets. The current prospectus also includes 0.57% held for deferred taxes, which brings the total expense ratio to 1.42%,” reports Philip Van Doorn for MarketWatch. Earlier this year, MLPs strengthened after President Trump took steps to advance the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines, revealing the new administrations looser constraints on the oil industry, Bloomberg reports. The shift in policy on U.S. energy pipelines is a major departure from the Obama administration, which previously rejected TransCanada Corp.’s Keystone Proposal in 2015 and kept the Dakota Access blocked since September. The policy change will be a boon for the oil industry, allowing companies to expand infrastructure and ease transportation bottlenecks. “If you’re looking for income and believe oil isn’t set for another major decline, and that we’re still in the middle of a market recovery for oil and MLPs, then this is a good time to consider the Alerian MLP ETF. If you buy the ETF, you will have to be patient, but you can take solace in the fact that you will receive high income. If your objective is steady long-term growth, then this type of investment is not for you,” according to MarketWatch. For more information on master limited partnerships, visit our MLPs category. You might also like: Strong Jobs Numbers Help Kick U.S. Stock ETFs Into High Gear Big Emerging Markets ETFs Surge Can Continue Analyzing the France ETF Ahead of Election A Surprise? Trump Boosts Solar ETFs Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News A Transformational ETF Investment Opportunity April 5, 2017 Video The Power of Flexible ETF Alternatives in Volatile Markets April 5, 2017 Alts An Active Income ETF Strategy for a Changing Landscape April 5, 2017 New ETFs Strong Jobs Numbers Help Kick U.S. Stock ETFs Into High Gear April 5, 2017 Equities Big Emerging Markets ETFs Surge Can Continue April 5, 2017 Equities Finding Yield in the ETF Energy Patch April 5, 2017 Equities Analyzing the France ETF Ahead of Election April 5, 2017 Equities A Surprise? Trump Boosts Solar ETFs April 5, 2017 Equities, Slider A Transformational ETF Investment Opportunity April 5, 2017 Video The Power of Flexible ETF Alternatives in Volatile Markets April 5, 2017 Alts An Active Income ETF Strategy for a Changing Landscape April 5, 2017 New ETFs Strong Jobs Numbers Help Kick U.S. Stock ETFs Into High Gear April 5, 2017 Equities Big Emerging Markets ETFs Surge Can Continue April 5, 2017 Equities About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT Articles Index Category Highlights ETF Education Central ETF Resume Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2017 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists   Business (View all) Banking Economics International London Insurance M&A The Capitalist Politics Scottish Development International Talk CFA Institute Talk IDA Ireland Talk Industries (View all) Law & professional services Property Retail and leisure Marketing and advertising Pharmaceuticals Telecoms Media Transport and infrastructure Industrials Markets (View all) Currencies Cryptocurrencies Commodities Equities Bonds IPOs and fundraising Investment Challenge Technology (View all) Science Gadget reviews Cyber security Fintech Leadership (View all) Entrepreneurs Management Millennials Careers Women Life & Style (View all) Travel Watches Fashion Food Homes and interiors Cars Culture Money (View all) Investing Pensions Crowdfunding Alt-fi Personal banking and insurance ISAS Schroders Talk Sport (View all) Football Rugby Union Formula 1 Cricket The Punter Tennis Golf Sports money Lists (View all) Digital Innovators Rio 50 Power 100 Women Leap 100 Most viewed authors Rebecca Smith (12,878 views) Caitlin Morrison (12,262 views) Emma Haslett (8,917 views) City A.M. links Newsletters Latest paper Advertising Awards Wine Club Money Transfer Charity About Careers Tickets Latest news Most popular Opinion Podcast City Talk Home Business Banking FTSE 250 19069.33 +0.26% FTSE 100 7331.68 +0.13% Bats UK 100 12422.78 +0.23% Home Business Banking Tuesday 4 April 2017 7:41pm Investment banking fees rocket to 10-year high, boosted by big M&A deals and Donald Trump Share William Turvill I write about M&A, deals, IPOs, private equity, asset management, media and a few other areas for City A.M. I also write news features and am always interested in interviewing and profiling high-profile business figures. I previously worked for Press Gazette and Mail Online. Follow William Related City Talk CFA Institute Talk How do you write a cover letter that works? JP Morgan Chase came top of Thomson Reuters' investment bank fees estimates table for the first quarter of 2017 (Source: Getty) William Turvill Global investment banking fees rocketed to a 10-year high at the start of this year, new figures show. Boosted by big M&A deals and the so-called “Trump bump”, banks raked in an estimated $24bn (£19bn) in the first quarter of 2017, the best start to a year since 2007. The figures appear to mark a resurgence for banks after investment fees plunged 7.1 per cent in 2016. Read more: Investment banking fees plunged in 2016, but analysts predict 2017 pick-up JP Morgan topped the Thomson Reuters ranking, pulling in $1.7bn, up 37 per cent on the same period in 2016. Goldman Sachs, Bank of America Merrill Lynch and Citi followed, each also recording large percentage jumps. Investment bank shares have also jumped in the last year, and especially since the election of President Donald Trump. JP Morgan Chase shares are up 47 per cent in the last year, and 25 per cent since Trump was elected on 8 November 2016. It has been a similar story for its peers, with Goldman up 45 per cent in the last year and 26 per cent since the election and Citigroup up 42 per cent year-on-year and 20 per cent since November. Barclays, in sixth place globally, was the best-performing European bank. Its investment banking fees are expected to come in at $1bn, up 66 per cent. The British bank’s shares are up 45 per cent in the last year and 18 per cent since Trump was elected. Ian Gordon, a banking analyst at Investec, told City A.M.: Unlike certain other peers, [Barclays has] chosen to maintain a significant investment banking business, both in the UK and the US. And I guess data like this would appear to provide a sense of vindication for that decision. Barclays’ head of UK investment banking and corporate broking Alisdair Gayne said: “The UK is a key part of Barclays' transatlantic focus within the corporate and investment bank and gives us an advantage in connecting clients to the capital markets and executing their advisory transactions globally. “We are encouraged that our discussions with clients on potential new opportunities remains very strong.” Read more: Donald Trump says he's planning a haircut for Dodd-Frank Panmure Gordon’s chief economist Simon French said: “Across almost all aspects of investment banking there has been a reassessment of the forward trajectory for debt capital markets, resilience of equity markets, economic growth from the bearish caution of the first half of 2016. The Trump trade is part of this, but it is also the re-assessment of the structural stagnation thesis as global growth has begun to pick up.” He added: In terms of how this has driven fees, well for firms looking to refinance, be acquisitive or raise capital there has been a surge to get ahead or keep up with this inflection. Given the volatile geopolitics has not gone away - it is likely just slumbering - then the incentive to do this ahead of the almost inevitable market turbulence down the line will have brought forward activity across a broad range of investment banking activities. Banks have been boosted by strong M&A this year, with Mergermarket tracking 3,554 deals worth $678.5bn, up 8.9 per cent on the first quarter of last year. The first and fourth biggest deals announced involved UK buyers, British American Tobacco and Reckitt Benckiser respectively. Share * Terms and conditions Add a comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tags Barclays Donald Trump Goldman Sachs JP Morgan Chase Mergers and acquisitions Topics A-Z Business Industries Markets Technology Leadership Life & Style Money Sport Lists Follow us for breaking news and latest updates: Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up Stay up to date: get our FREE daily emails Sign up About  |  Advertising  |  Privacy  |  Terms  |  Sitemap  |  Latest paper Copyright © 2017 City A.M. Limited
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Features Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Business Companies Theresa May joins City of London's lobbying effort for Saudi Aramco IPO London Stock Exchange drafts Prime Minister to lobby Saudi government for state oil company mega stock listing. By Gaurav Sharma Updated April 5, 2017 14:39 BST British Prime Minister Theresa May (R) attends a meeting in Riyadh with Sarah al-Suhaimi, CEO of Tadawul, the Saudi Stock Exchange.Fayez Nureldin/AFP Saudi Arabia's state-owned oil and gas company Aramco's plans for a partial stock floatation is being dubbed the mother of initial public offerings (IPOs), with some analysts assigning dizzy valuations to the company despite oil markets going through a lacklustre phase. Riyadh is planning to sell no more than 5% of the company, and based on different methodologies, some if not all, value the company at $2tn (£1.6bn). Unsurprisingly, all major stock exchanges in the world are attempting to woo the Saudis, with London, New York and Singapore at the front of the queue of suitors. In February, Riyadh surprised the market by choosing New York-based boutique bank Moelis & Co as an IPO adviser. This was quickly followed by the appointment of JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and HSBC to conduct preliminary work for the listing. Last month, the Saudi government lowered the taxation rate for Aramco from 85% to 50% to make it more appealing to international investors in a bid to get the highest possible valuation. While Tadawul, the Saudi Stock Exchange, would get the primary domestic Aramco listing slated for 2019, lobbying for the secondary international listing has intensified with the London Stock Exchange's chief executive Xavier Rolet drafting in none other Prime Minister Theresa May, who is on a state visit to Riyadh, to put a good word or two in. True to form, May met with Saudi energy minister Khalid Al-Falih, who also officiates as Chairman of Aramco, and Sarah al-Suhaimi, chief executive officer of the Saudi Stock Exchange, on Tuesday (4 April) and made a case for the LSE. On Wednesday, the PM also met officials from the Saudi Public Investment Fund – Riyadh's sovereign investment vehicle – which will be the beneficiary of Aramco IPO proceeds, as part of Deputy Crown Prince Mohammad bin Salman's Vision 2030 programme of radical economic diversification away from a reliance on oil and gas. British Prime Minister Theresa May is escorted by Saudi Finance Minister Mohammed al-Jadaan, upon their arrival to Saudi Stock Exchange (Tadawul) in Riyadh, Saudi ArabiaFayez Nureldin/Reuters Sources in Riyadh suggest May and LSE's Rolet are trying to allay Saudi officials' concerns about a depreciation in the value of the pound, with the UK set to exit the European Union in March 2019, close to the time Aramco is expected to make its market debut. A Downing Street spokesperson told IBTimes UK the PM had "set out the advantages of listing on the London Stock Exchange" as well as the "depth of expertise" London can bring to the table as a global financial hub. If the May-Rolet duo succeed in convincing the Saudis, it would also be seen as a major political and financial coup, given the UK's current mantra of wishing to become a global player, alongside and in spite of the Brexit negotiations, says Richard Hunter, Head of Research at Wilson King Investments. "Furthermore, for the LSE to be successful, would be a major fillip to prospects, particularly given the recent disappointment of the Deutsche Boerse merger collapse." May's articulation of London's obvious advantages compared to New York, its main rival for Saudi attention, and the likes of Singapore, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Toronto, would not be lost on high ranking officials in Riyadh, opines David Buik, veteran market commentator at Panmure Gordon. "The way I view it, for Aramco to list in London would be a huge fillip for the City of London as well as Aramco's financial well-being! There is no more professional place for a listing than the LSE. Furthermore, London is at the heart of international business in terms of time zone, experience and professional support and advice, an advantage it has over rivals. Finally, legal and accountancy advice in London is the finest in the world." Aramco, which is currently at the heart of Saudi implementation of Opec's oil production cut, has a potential oil production capacity of 12m, with 270bn barrels in recoverable reserves. If a $2tn valuation is ultimately realised, Aramco would beat the current valuations of the world's largest publicly traded companies Apple ($720bn), Google ($585bn) and Microsoft ($500bn), and the world's largest oil and gas company ExxonMobil ($340bn) several times over. More business news New 'King of Scotland': Jim Ratcliffe, the English tycoon who'll soon control vast chunks of North Sea oil Lockheed Martin secures landmark $38m deal with US army Britain's service sector growth hits three-month high Related topics : OPEC Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Triggering Article 50: What you need to know Columnists Jane Merrick “Labour should have expelled Ken Livingstone – Corbyn is allowing anti-Semitism to flourish READ MORE Gold sees dramatic price drop from 5-month high as dollar strengthens As the dollar strengthened, gold futures and spot price took a tumble. Theresa May joins City of London's lobbying effort for Saudi Aramco IPO London Stock Exchange drafts Prime Minister to lobby Saudi government... Brexit: Top EU lawmaker says all euro business should be moved out of London It is all about European supervision and defending European jobs,... US stocks end the day lower despite strong early start Jobs data sent the Dow climbing but the Fed minutes brought it back... Ethereum-based Gnosis chooses Dutch auction-style ICO The sale of Gnosis tokens (GNO) will commence on 24 April and it is... FTSE Moves: Footsie gains as services sector rebounds Wood Group shares rise as oils services firm says it can squeeze more... Top HR lawyer reveals the big issue with new gender pay gap reporting rules Lewis Silkin partner Colin Leckey spoke to IBTimes UK about the... FX Focus: Pound rallies as Britain's services sector booms Growth in the UK services sector hits three-month high in March,... The Grand National: Britain's £250m punt The four-mile steeplechase manages to capture the imagination of... Blockchain-based Ubitquity pilots with Brazil's land records bureau The pilot aims to bring secure and cheaper property deeds storage and... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About Extra Sign-in About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Extra Sign-in About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump Neil Gorsuch ObamaCare Just In... Gowdy: Accusations of crime 'not constructive' in Russia investigation House — 4h 38m ago Bannon threatened to quit if removed from National Security Council role: report Administration — 4h 56m ago Top Pence aide considering run for Georgia governorship: report Campaign — 5h 23m ago Ethics panel refers Ala. governor case to district attorney: report News — 5h 44m ago Trump speaks with Japanese leader after North Korea's missile launch Administration — 5h 57m ago Pence on Rice's 'unmasking' requests: Americans 'have a right to know' Administration — 6h 54m ago Secret Service agent arrested for allegedly soliciting a prostitute: report Administration — 7h 9m ago Trump invited Limbaugh to dine at the White House: report News — 7h 14m ago view all   The wolves of Wall Street are out. What do they want? The CFPB. By Craig Holman, opinion contributor - 04/05/17 09:00 AM EDT 93   © Getty Images Emboldened by a preliminary court decision declaring that the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) — created in the wake of the 2008 financial collapse to protect consumers against bankers, debt collectors and payday lenders — is unconstitutional, President Trump and the wolves of Wall Street are encircling the embattled agency for the kill. If they succeed in their long shot quest to shutter the doors of the consumer protection agency, cling tightly to your wallet, for anyone with a bank account, credit card, home mortgage, personal loan, or student loan will once again be left to fend for themselves against financial predators. ADVERTISEMENT The CFPB is a young agency, but under the leadership of former Ohio Attorney General Richard Cordray, it has become the mouse that roared. In the five years of its existence, the agency returned to 29 million Americans about $12 billion in savings or direct payments from dubious financial institutions.   The consumer protection agency was created as part of the Dodd-Frank Act in 2010 to protect consumer interests against banks and lenders. Other financial agencies had pieces of the consumer protection puzzle, but no agency had been explicitly focused on protecting consumers from Wall Street. Too often agencies like the Federal Reserve were in bed with the biggest bankers. To protect everyday consumers, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was created as an independent agency responsible for consumer protection in the financial sector and tasked with promulgating regulations, enforcement actions, and the creation of a groundbreaking consumer complaint database to do so. Like most independent agencies, its director is protected against removal at will by the president. The CFPB cracked down on many of those responsible for the financial crisis in which millions of Americans lost their jobs and homes and trillions of dollars in household wealth. The bureau, for example, levied a $100 million fine against Wells Fargo for creating fake bank accounts in the names of 2 million unsuspecting customers. It ordered Bank of America, Citibank, and JPMorgan Chase to pay back hundreds of millions of dollars to customers for services never received. CFPB also ordered TransUnion and Equifax to return $17.6 million to customers for luring people with false promises into costly recurring payments for useless credit-related products. It halted a student loan debt relief scam that illegally tricked borrowers into paying additional fees for student loans and misrepresented itself as part of the Department of Education. Wall Street doesn’t like this agency one bit. But with its severely tarnished public image, the financial institutions could grumble, although there wasn’t much they could do about it. This year however, two new developments dramatically altered the scene. One was a recent court ruling that the CFPB is structured unconstitutionally. The other was Wall Street finding a new best friend in the White House. Director Cordray of the consumer protection agency ordered PHH Corporation, a mortgage company, to pay $109 million in fines for what he claimed to be ill-gotten mortgage reinsurance premiums. PHH sued, challenging both the fine and the very existence of the bureau. In a 2-1 decision, a panel of the D.C. Circuit Court nullified the fine and also ruled that the Dodd-Frank law that says the CFPB Director may only be removed for cause by the president violates constitutional separation of powers principles. In essence, the court demoted Director Cordray so that he could now be fired at will. Cordray is safe for the time being as the case is on appeal to the full court, with Public Citizen in support of Cordray and the agency as amici. But the initial ruling emboldened Wall Street to pressure the White House and congressional Republicans to roll back consumer protections. Trump picked up Wall Street’s mantle, issuing several executive orders calling on Congress to weaken bank regulations and the president seems poised to fire Cordray. Some congressional Republicans are also attempting to weaken or even abolish the agency by legislation. The arguments against Director Cordray are weak. Removal only “for cause” is an important protection for independent agencies to be truly independent from White House politics. It is a protection afforded to many independent agencies, including the Fed, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, among others. Just as importantly, Wall Street has shown no sign of learning from its past mistakes. The Wall Street culture is to seek what is good for itself: profits. Risky behavior can produce enormous profits. A recent study found that nearly half of Wall Street operatives believe their competitors did something unethical or illegal to make lots of money, more than a third of the bigger professionals said they have “first hand knowledge” of such behavior, and a quarter of financial professionals admitted they would take advantage of insider trading if they were guaranteed not to get caught. Wall Street still embodies a culture of greed that usually is not in the consumer’s interest. We cannot allow that culture to go unchecked. This is no time to roll back Dodd-Frank regulations or to undercut the critical new consumer watchdog that is protecting us from that culture. Craig Holman, Ph.D., is a government affairs lobbyist for Public Citizen, where he serves as the organization’s Capitol Hill liaison on campaign finance and government ethics. He previously worked as a senior policy analyst at the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University Law School. He assisted in crafting and implementing the original ethics executive order implemented by the Obama administration. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Richard Cordray Wall Street Banking Money Congress Regulation   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Trump removes Bannon from National... President Trump has removed chief White House strategist Stephen Bannon... 245 Shares 2 Bannon threatened to quit if... Chief White House strategist Stephen Bannon was unhappy with the decision... 233 Shares 3 Why is mainstream media trying to... OPINION | From CNN to the New York Times, major media outlets are trying... 193 Shares 4 WH: Internal Bannon think tank... The White House is downplaying the importance of an internal policy shop... 155 Shares 5 How the intel community was turned... OPINION | The U.S. intelligence community is in the midst of a severe... 149 Shares 6 GOP healthcare talks stall The Republican push to revive legislation repealing and replacing... 118 Shares 7 More major companies pull ads from... Dozens of companies have announced that they are pulling their commercials... 116 Shares 8 Trump to CNN chief: 'I always find... President Trump reportedly threatened CNN's president last year in an... 107 Shares 9 MLK's daughter rips Kendall Jenner... Martin Luther King, Jr.'s daughter is mocking a widely panned Pepsi... 92 Shares 10 Republicans considering broader... Republicans are discussing making an additional change to the Senate’s... 91 Shares 11 The Memo: Trump shifts on Syria,... President Trump indicated an abrupt change in his administration’s policy... 72 Shares 12 Pepsi pulls widely mocked Kendall... Pepsi is reportedly pulling the plug on a sharply criticized new ad... 50 Shares 13 Rice denies Obama administration... Former national security adviser Susan Rice on Tuesday categorically... 48 Shares 14 Gillibrand: 'If we're not helping... "We’re here to help people, and if we’re not helping people, we should go... 47 Shares 15 Low approval will drive Trump to... Based on what I have seen so far, I don’t see how Trump would make it... 47 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Latest News Latest IT News All IT Categories All IT Topics Videos Authors Featured IT Vendors All IT Community Professionals All IT Integrators All IT Vendors Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Home Applications NVIDIA to Host World’s Premier AI Conference NVIDIA to Host World’s Premier AI Conference April 5, 2017 NVIDIA 0 0 NVIDIA, a world leader in AI computing technology, will host its eighth annual GPU Technology Conference (GTC) on May 8-11, at the San Jose McEnery Convention Center. NVIDIA founder and CEO Jensen Huang will deliver a keynote on Wednesday, May 10, to an expected audience of 8,000 attendees. GTC is the largest event of the year for developers, data scientists and executives in the fields of artificial intelligence, virtual reality and self-driving cars. Attendance has grown fourfold since the first event in 2009. This year’s conference will occupy the entire 373,000-square-foot convention center. The four-day conference will feature more than 500 speaking sessions and 150 exhibitors. Topics include deep learning and AI, data center and cloud computing, analytics, healthcare, self-driving and AI cars, life sciences, defense, virtual and augmented reality, computer and machine vision, smart cities, robotics and IoT. Speakers include tech leaders from Adobe, Alibaba, Amazon Web Services, Argo AI, Audi, Baidu, Boeing, Facebook, Ford, GE, GlaxoSmithKline, Google, HERE, Honda, IBM, JP Morgan Chase, Lockheed Martin, Massachusetts General Hospital, Mercedes-Benz, Microsoft, MIT, NASA, National Cancer Institute, National Institute of Health, NYU, Oculus, OpenAI, Pixar, Salesforce, Samsung, Stanford and VMware. GTC is a great opportunity for developers and data scientists to sharpen their skills. 4,000 developers will attend 70 labs this year, including self-paced and hands-on instruction in autonomous vehicle technology, CUDA, deep learning, embedded applications, OpenACC, virtual reality and more. The NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute will conduct more than a dozen self-paced and instructor-led labs, using the latest AI frameworks and SDKs, for 2,500 data scientists. Every year NVIDIA recognizes disruptive AI startups at the show. This year the company will award $600,000 in prizes to three winners from the 2,000 AI startups in its Inception program. As part of its Global Impact Award, an additional $150,000 in prizes will go to two research groups for pioneering work addressing important social and humanitarian problems. View the GTC session schedule and register to attend at www.gputechconf.com. Discounted rates are available through April 5th. Keep Current on NVIDIA Subscribe to the NVIDIA blog, follow us on Facebook, Google+, Twitter, LinkedIn and Instagram, and view NVIDIA videos on YouTube and images on Flickr. About NVIDIA NVIDIA‘s (NASDAQ: NVDA) invention of the GPU in 1999 sparked the growth of the PC gaming market, redefined modern computer graphics, and revolutionized parallel computing. More recently, GPU deep learning ignited modern AI — the next era of computing — with the GPU acting as the brain of computers, robots, and self-driving cars that can perceive and understand the world. More information at http://nvidianews.nvidia.com/. Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email Follow @DABCC Follow @douglasabrown Featured Resources: Related Articles: You May Also Like: tags: 3D Graphics Amazon Web Services (AWS) Artificial Intelligence (AI) Business Analytics Healthcare Internet of Things IT Awards Microsoft Related Public Cloud Smart Cities Social Media VMware Related Categories: Applications Cloud Computing Data Center Desktop Development Internet of Things (IoT) previous Citrix Related Webinar from Goliath Technologies for April 2017 next IT Consultancy Trusts SoftNAS as it Migrates Mission-Critical Data to the Cloud NVIDIA Since 1993, NVIDIA (NASDAQ: NVDA) has pioneered the art and science of visual computing. The company's technologies are transforming a world of displays into a world of interactive discovery -- for everyone from gamers to scientists, and consumers to enterprise customers. | LATEST RESOURCES White Papers VMware User Environment Manager Deployment Considerations White Paper The VMware User Environment Manager Deployment Considerations guide helps administrators plan and design phases of a VMware User Environment Manager™ deployment. It includes examples of common deployment scenarios, including guidance for scalability, high availability, and disaster recovery. For more information, see Installing and Configuring VMware User Environment Manager and the VMware User Environment Manager Administration […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more NEW VMware Whitepaper – Deliver Office 365 in VMware Horizon 7 with Published Applications Cisco Flexible Radio Assignment Whitepaper! Secure Cloud Printing For Microsoft Office 365 And Azure – White Paper Managing and Securing Mobile Devices for Dummies E-Book Downloads RDSConfig.exe – Adjust RDP Permissions Free Tool RDPSoft’s New Free Tool, RDSConfig.exe, Allows You To Adjust RDP Permissions GranularlyGreetings again, everyone. Last year I wrote a blog article about how it was tricky to adjust RDP security permissions on Windows Server 2012 and Windows Server 2016 session hosts to allow non-Administrators to shadow Remote Desktop Users. Back in Windows Server 2008, Microsoft […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more FREE Tool – Troubleshoot Remote Desktop Connections Download ControlUP – VDI Management with Realtime Monitoring and Collective Analytics Download FREE Access Policy Tool for Citrix XenApp and XenDesktop from Wedel IT Download AppVerify – Continuous Regression Testing On-Demand Webinars How to manage your on-call technicians and their work shifts efficiently – AlarmsOne On-Demand Webinar In this webinar you’ll learn how to decide your on-call staff by defining work shifts with weekly, monthly, or custom shift rotations. You’ll also learn how to easily override a user’s shift with another, if that on-call user is unavailable to respond to alerts. Learn more at https://www.manageengine.com/alarmsone/ About ManageEngine ManageEngine delivers the real-time IT management tools […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more How to Use AWS for Disaster Recovery and Close your DR Datacenter – On-Demand Webinar Understand and Improve True End User Experience in Citrix Deployments – On-Demand Webinar 6 Storage Workloads Ideal for Microsoft Azure – On-Demand Webinar How analyzing data patterns can improve IT service delivery – On-Demand Webinar View All White Papers >> View All Downloads >> View All On-Demand Webinars >> Latest Videos Microsoft Video: Brad Anderson’s Lunch Break / s4 e6 / Simon Cheng, Lululemon – Part 2 In the second half of Brad’s conversation with Simon Cheng (Manager of Corporate Technology at Lululemon), they talk about how often he gets requests for discounts on Lululemon gear, as well as how Lululemon’s IT organization has structured its infrastructure to support the company’s culture and the needs of its workforce to operate in ways […] Share this: Twitter LinkedIn Google Facebook Reddit Print Email read more VMware Video: Smart Cities: Better Places to Live A look at what’s new in Nimble OS4 SoftNAS Cloud on Microsoft Azure: Joining Azure Active Directory – Video Search IT Resources Search for: Upcoming Webinars 06 Apr New Add-On Software For Your Citrix NetScaler - Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, a Citrix Networking Expert will... 11 Apr Troubleshoot & Fix Common Citrix Issues Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, a Citrix Virtualization Expert show... 12 Apr How to Migrate From Citrix 6.5 to 7.x & Replace EdgeSight 12:30pm – 1:30pm During this free webinar series, two Citrix Virtualization Experts will... 13 Apr Citrix XenApp/XenDesktop Logon Process: A Technical Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, a Citrix Virtualization Expert will... 19 Apr You are Now Free to SCALE Your Desktop Delivery! 11:30am – 12:30pm For far too long enterprises, agencies, and organizations have struggled... 20 Apr Troubleshoot & Fix Citrix Logon Issues - Improve End User Experience Webinar 12:30pm – 1:30pm On this free live webinar, you will see how to... View all Upcoming Events >> Troubleshooting Citrix Issues! Featured Resources Remote Desktop Manager Windows vs Remote Desktop Manager Android April 5, 2017 Chromebook power tips: How to work smarter online and offline April 5, 2017 March Poll Results: What’s Your Favorite Movie? April 5, 2017 Cloud-based roaming profiles in Azure using FSLogix Profile Containers April 5, 2017 How to manage your on-call technicians and their work shifts efficiently – AlarmsOne On-Demand Webinar April 5, 2017 The focus on IoT in the arable food chain – and the worries around its use April 5, 2017 NEW IGEL Video – SMART April 5, 2017 Better Healthcare Solutions without leaving the house through IoT April 5, 2017 Try Ericom AcccessNow HTML5 In Browser RDP Access - Easy to use and simple setup! IPM – IT Innovations Experts IT integration experts working with Citrix, Microsoft, VMware and EMC technologies. Visit our Sponsors! IT News on iPhone IT News on Android DABCC Radio on iTunes DABCC Radio on iPhone Copyright 1999-2017 DABCC, Inc. Mobile Apps About Contact Us Sitemap RSS Close Cloud Cloud Home Private Cloud Public Cloud Public Cloud Home Amazon Web Services (AWS) Microsoft Azure Hybrid Cloud Cloud Management Citrix Workspace Cloud VMTurbo Operations Manager Cloud Security All Cloud Resources Datacenter Data Center Home Backup, Recovery & DR All Backup & Recovery Resources Veeam Availability Suite All Disaster Recovery Resources Containers All Containers Resources Docker Databases Hyper-Converged Infrastructure All Hyper-Converged Infrastructure Resources Atlantis HyperScale Nutanix VMware EVO:Rail Management Management Home VMTurbo Operations Manager All Management Resources Monitoring Monitoring Home Acceleratio SysKit ControlUp eG Innovations Enterprise Goliath Performance Monitor ManageEngine Xangati All Monitoring Resources Networking Networking Home Citrix NetScaler Goliath for NetScaler All Networking Resources Open Source Security Server Virtualization All Server Virtualization Resources Citrix XenServer Microsoft Hyper-V VMware vSphere Storage Storage Home DataCore SoftNAS All Storage All Data Center Resources Desktop Desktop Home Applications All Applications Resources Citrix XenApp Microsoft App-V Microsoft RemoteApp VMware App Volumes VMware ThinApp Collaboration Consumerization of IT Desktop Virtualization (VDI) All VDI Resources Citrix XenDesktop Dell Wyse vWorkspace Microsoft Remote Desktop Services VMware Workspace ONE VMware Horizon View Development News User Management User Management Home Liquidware Labs ProfileUnity AppSense DesktopNow All User Management Resources 3D Graphics Printing Citrix Related Virtual Desktops IGEL Technology VMware Virtual Desktops Microsoft Virtual Desktops All Desktop Resources IoT Mobility Mobile Home Enterprise Mobility Management All EMM Resources VMware AirWatch Citrix XenMobile Mobile Productivity Mobile Security Smartphones Smartwatches Tablets All Mobile Resources Resources DABCC Radio Podcasts DABCC TV Video Podcasts Citrix Ready Podcasts w/ Doug Inside IGEL Technology Podcasts w/ Doug VMware EUC On-Demand 2016 On-Demand Webinars Case Studies Infographics Solution Briefs IT White Papers, Solution Briefs & Case Studies Software Downloads Webinars Search DABCC Mobile Apps Books LittleMsMobile.com – Mobility News Top IT Videos Share this video Never miss the news... Get IT Community Resources straight to your inbox! Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Bannon's departure solidifies McMaster's control over the NSC Trump’s 'red line' reversal hints at Syria shift Mega-donor urged Bannon not to resign Not in defense of Bill O’Reilly Gorsuch's writings borrow from other authors Trump immigration adviser ordered to turn over briefing document Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Tax reform shenanigans By Ben White and Aubree Eliza Weaver 04/05/17 08:00 AM EDT Updated 04/05/17 06:58 AM EDT TAX REFORM SHENANIGANS — On Tuesday afternoon, the Washington Post reported and the White House quickly denied that the administration was considering a carbon tax and a value added tax as part of its tax reform package. The idea would be to find revenue replacements if the Trump administration as expected dumps the border adjustable tax and the over $1 trillion it brings in over 10 years. But both the carbon tax and a VAT are likely non-starters on Capitol Hill. And many in the White House also hate the carbon tax and like to blame NEC Director Gary Cohn for promoting it even though people close to Cohn say he is not doing that. Story Continued Below One theory making the rounds is that Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin met with moderate Democrats to talk about tax reform and the carbon tax came up and somehow that translated into the White House “considering” adding the tax to its proposal. MM spoke with Larry Kudlow, who helped draft Trump’s campaign season tax reform plan, about the matter. Kudlow described it as silly season for tax reform rumors and he dismissed the idea that the White House would ultimately back a BAT a VAT or a carbon tax (a CAT?). “I don't believe it. At this point I'm just assuming all of these silly rumors are meaningless. He's already got a good business tax plan that I and others helped write. Stephen Miller agrees with it, Mnuchin agrees with it and [Steve] Bannon agrees with it. Make it simple and pass what you've got." And here’s what the White House had to say via deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters: “As we have said many times, the President's team is hearing input from experts on all sides of the tax reform debate as we formulate what will ultimately be the President's plan to enact the first significant tax reform since 1986. As of now, neither a carbon tax nor a VAT are under consideration.” MM SIDE NOTE — The problem with all these stories is that it makes it look like amateur hour at the White House on tax reform with nobody on the same page. That in turn makes the August timetable for final passage and the president’s signature on significant tax legislation seem wildly ambitious. There is still a case to be made that a fairly straightforward corporate tax overhaul could get done by summer possibly with Democratic support. But right now it’s a tough one to make. MNUCHIN TO MEET WITH BANKERS — Per the ABA this a.m.: “Pursuant to President Trump’s February 3rd executive order, Treasury is holding a series of meetings with various business and industry groups as it works to review financial supervision and regulation. … “Bankers from both ABA and ICBA will be part of a group of community bankers that will meet with Treasury Secretary Mnuchin and his team for three hours [Wednesday] afternoon to discuss the regulatory environment and what can be done to promote economic growth.” DIMON ON TRUMP — JPMorganChase CEO Jamie Dimon in an interview aired by Yahoo Finance: “There’s no one in that room that agrees with everything he says. Trump doesn’t agree with everything he says himself. People change their minds. They say, ‘You’re supporting all his policies!’ No, I’m not … “[Trump’s cabinet] These are top professionals who know a lot of these issues and want to go out and fix them. I am comforted by that fact that he has surrounded himself by some very smart, very tough people who want to fix these issues. They are not experts in Washington, so they need more expertise on how to get things through in the legislative process.” See more. Dimon’s annual shareholder letter is here. TRUMP ON DODD-FRANK — Speaking at a CEO town hall at the White House on Tuesday, President Trump said he would "do a very major haircut" on Dodd-Frank, a follow-up to an earlier promise to do a “big number” on the financial reform law. More Trump: “We want strong restrictions, we want strong regulation, but not regulation that makes it impossible for the banks to loan to people that are going to create jobs. We are going to be doing things that are going to be very good for the banking industry so that the banks can loan money to people that need it.” FLASHBACK — Here’s the White House’s Gary Cohn, then Goldman Sachs president, on the impact of financial reform, back in 2016: “We took our medicine early. No one should question the viability of the big U.S. banks. I think some of the European banks have been slow to getting themselves recapitalized and getting their financial balance sheet in the best place it can be.” NEW AT TREASURY — Via the White House: “President Donald J. Trump today announced his intent to nominate Heath P. Tarbert to the Department of the Treasury. If confirmed … Tarbert of Maryland will serve as Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, International Markets and Development. “Mr. Tarbert is a leading attorney in the financial services field with over 15 years of experience. Mr. Tarbert is a partner in the global law firm Allen & Overy LLP. He previously served in all three branches of the Federal Government” GOP BLASTS HFSC DEMS — House Financial Services Committee GOP spokesman Jeff Emerson emails: “How partisan have FSC Democrats become? So partisan that Ranking Member Maxine Waters and 9 other committee Democrats voted against a bill that Nancy Pelosi and Steny Hoyer voted for. “H.R. 1343, the Encouraging Employee Ownership Act, passed the House on Tuesday 331-87. The bipartisan bill would make it easier for businesses to offer an ownership stake in the companies they work for. The Senate companion bill, sponsored by Sen. Toomey and co-sponsored by Sens. Warner and Sasse, passed the Senate Banking Committee on March 9. GOOD WEDNESDAY MORNING — Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Eliza Weaver on aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver. DRIVING THE DAY — Trump meets with King Abdullah II of Jordan and holds a joint press conference with him at 1:15 p.m. … CFPB Director Richard Cordray testifies at 10 a.m. before House Financial Services … Senate Banking has a hearing at 3:00 p.m. on “The Current State of Retirement Security in the United States” … ADP employment at 8:15 a.m. expected to show a gain of 185K … Non-manufacturing ISM at 10:00 a.m. expected to dip to 57.0 from 57.6 THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Victoria Guida on Jamie Dimon — and to get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m. — please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 info@politicopro.com NEVER GOES AWAY — Trump on Tuesday on the jobless rate: “We have 100 million people, if you look — the real number is not 4.6 percent. They told me I had 4.6 percent last month, I'm doing great. I said, yeah, but what about the 100 million people. A lot of those people came out and voted for me. I call them the forgotten man, the forgotten woman. But a lot of those people, a good percentage of them, would like to have jobs, and they don’t. “One of the statistics that to me is just ridiculous — so the 4.6 sounds good, but when you look for a job, you can't find it and you give up — you are now considered statistically employed” This was a staple of Trump’s campaign. But that 100 million figure includes tens of millions kids in high school, college students, retirees and others who don’t want or need jobs. The real number of under-employed or discouraged workers is far, far lower. ** A message from Morgan Stanley: Morgan Stanley helped All Aboard Florida raise capital needed to develop Brightline, an express, intercity rail connecting Southern Florida. The project won’t just reduce travel time—it’s projected to add up to hundreds of millions in tax revenue over the next several years1. Learn more at morganstanley.com/brightline. Capital creates change. ** McCONNELL AGAIN PROMISES NO SHUTDOWN — POLITICO Pro’s Jennifer Scholtes and Sarah Ferris: “Senate leaders expect to pass a fiscal 2017 spending bill before government funding runs out on April 28, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Tuesday afternoon. ‘Discussions are underway on a bipartisan basis — House and Senate appropriators,’ McConnell told reporters. ‘And we anticipate being able to finish that that last week before the time runs out.’ “The Senate is expected to be tied up with consideration of the Supreme Court nomination of Neil Gorsuch until lawmakers in both chambers leave town on Friday for a two-week recess. While House lawmakers and aides have said they anticipate enacting a week-long stopgap measure to buy time beyond the April 28 deadline. Senate appropriators have been ruling out the idea of a short-term continuing resolution.” LACKER DISASTER — Crazy day at the Richmond Fed as President Jeffrey Lacker announced his immediate resignation (ahead of his planned retirement in October) while admitting to leaking internal FOMC information to Medley Global Advisors. From Lacker’s statement: “I deeply regret the role I may have played in confirming this confidential information and in its dissemination to Medley’s subscribers. In this episode, as in all of my communications with analysts, journalists and the public, it was never my intention to reveal confidential information.” Immediately following the statement, Lacker’s lawyer Richard Cullen of McGuireWoods LLP released this statement: “We’ve been informed that the investigation of Dr. Lacker is complete and no charges will be brought against him.” MM has no inside information but it sure seems like these admissions and immediate resignation were required to avoid any further action. REACT — Bankrate.com’s Mark Hamrick: “Lacker’s actions including the 2012 discussion involving market-sensitive information … draws further negative attention to the Federal Reserve at a time when members of Congress are already sharply critical. … “[T]he future political independence and ultimate effectiveness of the central bank and challenging policy issues remain in question with Janet Yellen’s own role in doubt, given Donald Trump’s negative comments about her before he won the election” RICHMOND FEDERAL RESERVE PRESIDENT STEPS DOWN — NYT’s Binyamin Applebaum: “The unprecedented confession and resignation sheds some light on an old mystery. In October 2012, a market intelligence firm, Medley Global Advisors, sent a note to clients that said the Fed would start a new round of Treasury purchases at its December policy meeting.” Read more. LABOR DEPARTMENT PUSHES FIDUCIARY RULE TO JUNE — POLITICO Pro’s Marianne LeVine: “The Labor Department will delay the Obama administration’s administration's fiduciary rule by 60 days, according to a notice posted today in the Federal Register. “Issued last year, the rule requires that broker dealers consider only their client's best interest, and not fees or commissions, when providing retirement advice. Supporters of the rule, including consumer groups and unions, say this will eliminate a conflict of interest that distorts retirement investments. But the financial services industry says the rule will lead to more class action lawsuits and will limit access to retirement advice for small savers.” Read more. TARULLO SAYS NO TO NEW GLASS-STEAGALL — POLITICO Pro’s Victoria Guida: “Outgoing Federal Reserve Gov. Daniel Tarullo doesn't see a compelling reason to reinstate a ban on having commercial and investment banking within the same institution but acknowledged it would make supervising lenders simpler. “‘I don’t think there’s any question that it would make the supervision of those banks a less complicated affair,’ Tarullo said in a Q&A after his farewell speech at Princeton University, referring to structural changes such as restoring Glass-Steagall. ‘But, as with most other straightforward solutions, it probably underachieves in some respects and may have some costs in other respects,’ he said. Read more. TRUMP OFF-BASE ON OBAMA STIMULUS — AP’s Calvin Woodward: “President Donald Trump disparaged his predecessor's economic stimulus spending Tuesday as a windfall for social programs and said he's unaware of anything built from the money steered to infrastructure. “That's a mischaracterization of former President Barack Obama's 2009 stimulus package, which had tax cuts as its largest component and plowed more than $100 billion into highway, transit and other ‘shovel-ready’ infrastructure projects, to use the buzz phrase of that time.” Read more. CHINA’S POTENTIAL BID FOR WESTINGHOUSE HAS TRUMP OFFICIALS WORRIED — Bloomberg’s Jennifer Jacobs, Saleha Mohsin and Jennifer Dlouhy: “The Trump administration is so alarmed that Chinese investors may try to purchase Westinghouse Electric Co.’s nuclear business that U.S. officials are trying to find an American or allied buyer for the company instead, two people familiar with the matter said. “Cabinet members including Energy Secretary Rick Perry and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin have discussed preventing Westinghouse’s purchase by a Chinese-linked company, three U.S. officials said.” Read more. MACHINE LEARNING HITS WALL STREET — Business Insider’s Matt Turner: “It has been said that Wall Street dealmaking is more art than science. That could be changing. JPMorgan, which is spending big on technology as it looks to cut costs and increase efficiency, last year launched a predictive recommendation engine to identify those clients which should issue or sell equity. And now, given the initial success of the engine, it's being rolled out to other areas.” Read more. DEUTSCHE BANK LOSES SENIOR EXECS — Bloomberg’s Steven Arons: “Deutsche Bank AG, which slashed bonuses for a second straight year, saw several senior employees leave after paying out deferred compensation for previous years. “At least three executives — Kevin Burke, Neil Hosie and Patrick Kelly — departed from the lender’s trading unit in Asia, and one executive, Holger Knittel, took a new job in the bank’s home town of Frankfurt. Deutsche Bank paid out deferred compensation last month, two people familiar with the situation said.” Read more. CLAYTON MOVES AHEAD — POLITICO Pro’s Patrick Temple-West: “Jay Clayton, the Wall Street lawyer tapped by … . Trump to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission, passed a key hurdle as the Senate Banking Committee voted to advance his nomination to the full chamber. “Three Democrats — Sens. Jon Tester, Mark Warner and Heidi Heitkamp — joined with all the panel's Republicans to confirm Clayton. Clayton, currently a partner at Sullivan & Cromwell, is likely to get a Senate floor vote as early as the last week of April. Sen. Sherrod Brown, the committee's top Democrat, used the vote to criticize Trump by highlighting how Clayton's legal clients will likely prevent him from participating in a number of SEC enforcement cases” ALSO FOR YOUR RADAR — ADVERTISERS FLEE O’REILLY — POLITICO’s Kelsey Sutton: “Some high-profile companies are pulling their ads from the 9 p.m. slot on Fox News to distance themselves from fresh allegations that Fox News primetime host Bill O’Reilly sexually harassed women — and that Fox News quietly paid out millions to alleged victims. “As of Tuesday afternoon, 11 companies, including Allstate, BMW, T. Rowe Price and Mercedes-Benz have pulled their ad campaigns from ‘The O’Reilly Factor,’ citing their concern about the recent allegations … A report published in The New York Times on Saturday detailed allegations from five women that O’Reilly, one of Fox News’s most high-profile hosts, harassed them, including making unwanted sexual advances” Read more. VENTURE CAPITAL Q1 DATA — Via the latest Q1 PitchBook-NVCA Venture Monitor: “Following a record year for venture fundraising in 2016, investors raised $7.9 billion across 58 vehicles, building on the record U.S. dry powder figures. “$16.5 billion to 1,797 venture-backed startups, marking a slight uptick in capital invested over Q4 2016, but the fewest companies to receive investment since Q4 2011. In the first quarter, 169 VC-backed companies exited, just seven of which debuted as initial public offerings on the U.S. exchanges.” ** A message from Morgan Stanley: When All Aboard Florida wanted to bring an innovative express, intercity railway to Florida, Morgan Stanley helped it raise capital to make the project happen. The new Brightline trains are expected to cut travel time across Southern Florida by about an hour, while potentially creating over 10,000 jobs on average per year during construction1. All with zero projected taxpayer subsidies1. Capital creates better connections for people, communities and cities. Read the whole story at morganstanley.com/brightline. Capital creates change. Disclaimer: 1 Based on data provided by All Aboard Florida. For more information visit: http://allaboardflorida.com/projectdetails/aaf-fact-sheet CRC 1737672 03/17 ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read Bannon ousted from National Security Council Trump immigration adviser ordered to turn over briefing document Sanders wing dealt setback in Calif. special election Bannon's departure solidifies McMaster's control over the NSC Like Middle East Wars? You’re Gonna Love President Trump Freedom Caucus warns leadership on tax reform Not in Defense of Bill O’Reilly Swalwell dares Trump: Declassify the surveillance documents Poll: Voters recoil from government shutdown Trump calls Bill O’Reilly a ‘good person’ amid harassment revelations Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 4/5/17 Tuesday, 4/4/17 Monday, 4/3/17 Friday, 3/31/17 Thursday, 3/30/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Trump's Normality Problem By Rich Lowry Israel Deserves a Seat on the Security Council By Danny Danon Why Are So Many White Americans Dying? By Katelyn Fossett Like Middle East Wars? You’re Gonna Love President Trump By Colin H. Kahl More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Brexit: JPMorgan won't actually move many jobs out of UK after all, bank CEO Jamie Dimon says Bank boss had said last year that as many as 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 jobs based in Britain may have to move Andrew MacAskill Wednesday 5 April 2017 14:43 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Mr Dimon said on Tuesday the bank is still preparing for a hard Brexit in which Britain loses access to EU's single market Reuters The head of US bank JPMorgan said on Tuesday the bank is not planning to move many jobs out of Britain in the next two years in a softening of tone on the likely impact from Brexit. Jamie Dimon had said in a previous speech to employees in Bournemouth last year that as many as 4,000 of the bank’s 16,000 jobs based in Britain may have to move. Even though his stance appears to have moderated Mr Dimon said on Tuesday the bank is preparing for a hard Brexit in which Britain loses access to EU’s single market, disrupting access to its main trading partner. Read more JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon 'turns down Donald Trump job offer' “This does not entail moving many people in the next two years,” he said in a letter to the US bank’s shareholders. Dimon also said the likelihood that the EU could break up has increased, which he warned could have a “devastating” economic and political impact. He said that he hoped that Britain’s decision to leave the EU would have force the bloc to focus on “fixing its issues” such as immigration, bureaucracy and rigid labour rules. “Our fear, however, is that it could instead result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart,” he said. “We will keep a close eye on the situation in Europe over the next several years.” Reuters More about: JPMorgan Banking Brexit Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tupperware Brands Co. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.18 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (TUP) Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Exelis (XLS) Getting Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for CNO Financial Group Inc (CNO) Cut by FBR & Co Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Barnes Group Inc. (B) Lowered by Jefferies Group Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,045,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $66,392,000 Stake in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) Guggenheim Capital LLC Cuts Position in Vascular Solutions, Inc. (VASC) Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Vereit Inc (VER) Position Raised by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts MITIE Group PLC (MITFY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Shiseido Co. LTD. (SSDOY) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research South State Co. (SSB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research N+1 Singer Reiterates “Buy” Rating for First Derivatives plc (FDP) Momo Inc (MOMO) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 2,372 Shares of Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) have been given an average rating of “Buy” by the fourteen analysts that are currently covering the stock. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 255.42 ($3.19). Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the company. Peel Hunt restated a “hold” rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 210 ($2.62) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. BNP Paribas restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.81) price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price target on Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 220 ($2.75) to GBX 250 ($3.12) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price target on Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 257 ($3.21) to GBX 270 ($3.37) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Shares of Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) opened at 231.20 on Wednesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 797.04 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 228.78 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 209.87. Aldermore Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 102.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 256.30. WARNING: This story was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/aldermore-group-plc-ald-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-brokerages.html. Aldermore Group PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content Thu, Apr 06, 2017 Government & Economy » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Government & Economy UK economy probably slowing after strong end to 2016 Wednesday, April 5, 2017 - 18:55 Britain's economy has probably slowed from its strong growth of late last year and a cooling jobs market and hefty price increases will become increasingly apparent as Brexit gets underway, according to a survey published on Wednesday. PHOTO: AFP [LONDON] Britain's economy has probably slowed from its strong growth of late last year and a cooling jobs market and hefty price increases will become increasingly apparent as Brexit gets underway, according to a survey published on Wednesday. The Markit/CIPS Services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI), a closely watched gauge of Britain's services industry, rose to a three-month high of 55.0 in March from 53.3 in February. That topped all forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists, whose median forecast was for a reading of 53.5, pushing sterling almost half a cent higher against the dollar. But there were some warning signals as Britain begins the two-year process of leaving the European Union. sentifi.com Market voices on: Services companies raised their selling prices at the fastest pace since 2008, a sign that inflation may rise more than the three per cent expected by many forecasters this year. Businesses hired people at the slowest pace in seven months. SEE ALSO: UK economy slowing after strong end to 2016 Taken together, the PMIs for manufacturing, construction and services published this week suggest economic growth will slow to around 0.4 per cent in the first quarter from 0.7 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2016, data firm IHS Markit said. Growth of 0.4 per cent would be in line with the most recent Reuters poll of economists but slower than the 0.6 per cent predicted by the Bank of England. "The PMI does not cover the retail sector, and hence may be overestimating growth somewhat given the concentrated hit in that area," JPMorgan economist Allan Monks said. But conditions outside Britain had clearly improved and there was uncertainty about how quickly consumers will respond to higher prices, he said in a note to clients. The BoE is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low throughout this year and possibly until 2019 as it steers the British economy through the uncertainty linked to the exit from the EU. However, one rate-setter voted last month for a rate increase and others said they might follow suit soon if there were signs that economy was maintaining its momentum of 2016. Despite the stronger-than-expected headline growth figure in Wednesday's PMI, the survey also suggested consumers were cutting back on luxuries. Hotels and restaurants, gyms and hairdressers ranked among the worst-performing services in the first three months of 2017. "Much of the disappointment in growth so far this year has been evident in consumer-oriented sectors, in part linked to spending and incomes being squeezed by higher prices," said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit. Official data on Wednesday showed modest improvement for one of Britain's most persistent economic headaches, weak productivity. Output-per-hour grew at the fastest pace in more than a year in the final three months of 2016, but remained well below the average rate seen before the financial crisis. The figures did little to challenge expectations that 2017 will be a tough one for many Britons. Nearly half of British households plan to cut spending as worries about inflation escalate, according to a separate survey on Wednesday from pension provider Scottish Friendly and the think tank Social Market Foundation. Official data last week showed real household disposable income - a measure of spending power in the fourth quarter of 2016 - saw its biggest quarter-on-quarter decline in nearly three years. Industry figures for new car registrations bucked other signs of weakening consumer demand, with sales rising 8.4 per cent last month. But the surge in part reflected customers bringing forward purchases to beat a tax rise, which may bode for a weak April, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said. The all-sector PMI, covering manufacturing, construction and services, rose a full point to 54.7 in March. REUTERS UK PMI Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Government & Economy Australia and New Zealand companies whiplashed by China import regulations 2:23 PM Thai king to sign junta's new constitution 1:34 PM Developing Asia to fuel global growth but risks ahead: ADB 1:28 PM More help for Singapore PMET jobseekers 12:29 PM South Korea test fires 800km-range missile 12:11 PM Singapore to release Monetary Policy Statement, advance GDP estimates on April 13 12:04 PM Breaking News 3:04 pm Seoul: Stocks, won hit 3-week closing lows as geopolitical tensions weigh 2:57 pm Ford to launch plug-in car in China next year, electrify most by 2025 2:43 pm Tokyo: Stocks end lower after Fed minutes 2:31 pm Telstra announces A$1 billion bond issue 2:23 pm Australia and New Zealand companies whiplashed by China import regulations 2:15 pm Twitter creates 'lite' version for data-starved users 2:02 pm Taiwan: Stocks fall with broader Asia ahead of Trump-Xi meeting 1:54 pm China court orders Samsung to pay 80m yuan to Huawei over patent case 1:34 pm Thai king to sign junta's new constitution 1:28 pm Developing Asia to fuel global growth but risks ahead: ADB Most Read 1 Ezra chairman's villa in Sentosa Cove being sold 2 Elaine Kim 3 StarHub management has "no intention" to acquire M1: report 4 URA to tackle developers that misrepresent info: Lawrence Wong 5 Update: Lawsuit against SembMarine, Jurong Shipyard, Keppel dismissed by US district court (Amended) Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Your Evening Briefing Bloomberg News April 5, 2017, 5:44 AM EDT Illustration by Bloomberg; Photographers: Janerik Henriksson/AFP via Getty Images, Joe Raedle/Getty Images The evening briefing will soon be available in your inbox every day. To be among the first to get it, sign up here.  When Donald Trump and Xi Jinping face off at their summit in Florida, the presidents will come armed with their dealmaking teams. In the U.S. corner is a largely untested group of self-professed nationalists and officials skeptical of free trade. On the Chinese side are career Communist Party officials willing to push back against U.S. dominance, especially in Asia. Here's a closer look at some of the men (and yes,they're all men) shaping the decisions of both nations . —Kristine Servando Cathay's poison is Qantas's tonic. A flood of cheap airfares from rival Chinese airlines is undoing Hong Kong's Cathay Pacific, but it's doing the opposite for Qantas. Cut-price tickets are allowing Chinese travelers to go further afield, and in Australia Qantas is waiting to ferry them on its local network. "It is clear that something is wrong" with the U.S. That's the stark warning from JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon, leader of the world’s most-valuable bank and counselor to President Donald Trump. After using his annual letter to shareholders to list ways that America is stronger than ever, he then launched into a much longer list of self-inflicted problems that he said was “upsetting” to write. The rise and 90-minute fall of a Chinese tycoon. It took more than a decade for Yang Kai to amass one of China’s most-celebrated dairy fortunes. He may have lost it in less than 90 minutes. A series of remarkable events in the past two weeks have laid bare China Huishan Dairy's money troubles and left chairman Yang battling for the firm's survival. Sick of living in limbo. Tired from months of wondering whether their jobs will be moved or cut as Brexit bites, foreign employees at some of London’s biggest banks are asking to be sent back home. Staff at Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and HSBC have volunteered to return to their countries inside the EU should their employers need to relocate staff after Brexit. Welcome to zombie land. Japan recorded a rare corporate feat in the fiscal year that ended last week: not one of almost 4,000 publicly traded firms filed for bankruptcy. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe touts fewer business failures as an economic success, but critics say too-easy credit is keeping "zombie" firms alive, worsening labor shortages and leaving no room for new businesses. Is the F-35 a trillion-dollar mistake? Despite the multimillion-dollar discount from Lockheed that Trump credits to his lobbying efforts, the plane is on its way to becoming the priciest military procurement in U.S. history. But Trump’s self-congratulation serves as a distraction from the larger issue troubling America's warplane of the future: its performance. There are concerns that the fighter jet might be vulnerable to hackers. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up A rare pink diamond just sold for a record $71 million. Hong Kong jeweler Chow Tai Fook bought the 59.6 carat, oval-shaped Pink Star from Sotheby's, setting the world's top auction price for any gem. In a quirk of auction history, it sold for $12 million lower than the $83 million offer Sotheby’s adjudicated it for in 2013. That sale collapsed because the buyer never paid, and the auction house reclaimed the stone. 'The Pink Star.' Photographer: Anthony Wallace/AFP via Getty Images   Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Young Americans Are Killing Marriage These Are the World’s 50 Best Restaurants Global Shipping Fleet Braces for Chaos of $60 Billion Fuel Shock Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Can't get enough TreeHugger? Sign up now and have it sent straight to your inbox. Daily and Weekly newsletters available. Email Address* Sign Up X Sustainability with sass Design Living Science Technology Transportation Business Energy Slideshows As diesels lose European market share to plug-ins, car makers will struggle Sami Grover (@samigrover) Transportation / Cars April 5, 2017 Share on Facebook CC BY 2.0 Flickr In a recent survey, 40% of car owners said they would consider a plug-in model for their next vehicle. Meanwhile, a majority of auto execs expect electric cars to dominate the market within a decade. Typically, I think of this as big trouble for oil companies. But car makers are going to face tough times too. According to Automotive News Europe, a new report from analysts including Jose Asumendi at JPMorgan Chase & Co suggests that diesel models, in particular, are going to face an accelerated decline in their market share. This is thanks, in large part, to fallout from the VW emissions cheating scandal. At both the local and national level, authorities are exploring a raft of new measures to test real world emissions, and to restrict harmful pollutants that cause both local air quality issues and contribute to climate change. Specifically, the report says, diesel vehicles will drop to 30% of car sales by 2020—down from around half today. And news that EU lawmakers had approved an overhaul of vehicle emissions laws only adds to sense that diesel's days are numbered and gasoline cars may not be too far behind. But why should automakers care? After all, they can sell battery vehicles just as easily as they sell fossil fuel-powered vehicles, right? The trouble is that battery electric vehicles and plug-in vehicles don't enjoy the same profit margins as their emissions-spewing counterparts. And that's especially true if you have a whole bunch of money tied up in diesel-centric manufacturing facilities, supply chains and technical expertise. Add the approaching tsunami of fully autonomous vehicles to the mix and I feel confident in making at least one prediction—automotive markets (or perhaps, more accurately, "mobility markets") in 2025 will look nothing like they do today. Whether or not Tony Seba's bold prediction that all new vehicles, globally, will be electric by 2030 turns out to be accurate still remains to be seen. But with each new development, it's looking less and less like pie in the sky. Related on TreeHugger.com: It's time to dump diesel In China, 20% of new buses are now electric Mayor of London tells citizens: Don't breathe Tags: Diesel | Electric Cars facebook twitter google+ pinterest Please enable JavaScript to view the comments. MOST POPULAR RIGHT NOW 1 The couple who coaxed 300 acres of barren farmland back into lush forest 2 5 reasons why there's more to coworking spaces than just work 3 38 facts about how animals see the world 4 8 natural & homemade insecticides to save your garden without killing the Earth 5 The ocean has issues: 7 biggest problems facing our seas, and how to fix them WHAT'S HOT ON FACEBOOK After sightings, the search is on for extinct thylacine The last of these dog-like animals, also known as Tasmanian tigers, was thought ... by Melissa Breyer in Animals Dutch family of four living in experimental urban greenhouse home Located in Rotterdam, this Concept House features a huge rooftop garden, and uses ... by Kimberley Mok in Green Architecture Prehistoric shrimp emerge from Australian desert after heavy rain Imagine millions of these slithering out from the mud? The eggs of this ... by Melissa Breyer in Animals Plant these 6 perennial vegetables once, and reap their harvest year after year Instead of planting all of your veggies anew each year, try adding some ... by Derek Markham in Lawn & Garden About Us Contact Us Newsletters RSS Privacy Policy COPYRIGHT © 2017 NARRATIVE CONTENT GROUP. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / MOST Active Dollar Volume Stocks, April 5 – IT, BAC, FLT, JMP, AYI, DNB, PM, CEB, XOM, GE, BABA, PFE MOST Active Dollar Volume Stocks, April 5 – IT, BAC, FLT, JMP, AYI, DNB, PM, CEB, XOM, GE, BABA, PFE posted by Chris Miranda on April 5, 2017 at 10:45 am MOST Active Dollar Volume Stocks, April 5 – IT, BAC, FLT, JMP, AYI, DNB, PM, CEB, XOM, GE, BABA, PFE   Gartner, Inc.  last traded at $108.70 down 0.23 percent on 2,101,865,702 share volume.   Bank of America Corporation  last traded at $23.44 down 0.64 percent on 1,762,738,490 share volume.   FleetCor Technologies, Inc.  last traded at $141.60 down 5.69 percent on 1,256,824,466 share volume.   J P Morgan Chase & Co  last traded at $87.31 down 0.24 percent on 1,246,526,529 share volume.   Acuity Brands Inc  last traded at $173.93 down 14.77 percent on 973,127,914 share volume.   Dun & Bradstreet Corporation (The)  last traded at $105.99 down 1.78 percent on 869,135,912 share volume.   Philip Morris International Inc  last traded at $113.45 up 0.48 percent on 831,087,164 share volume.   CEB Inc.  last traded at $78.75 down 0.13 percent on 821,668,759 share volume.   Exxon Mobil Corporation  last traded at $82.37 up 0.37 percent on 763,218,510 share volume.   General Electric Company  last traded at $30.02 up 0.47 percent on 752,205,376 share volume.   Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The)  last traded at $229.26 up 0.13 percent on 697,319,967 share volume.   Alibaba Group Holding Limited  last traded at $107.52 down 0.53 percent on 696,002,550 share volume.   Johnson & Johnson  last traded at $124.68 down 0.01 percent on 668,083,442 share volume.   Pfizer, Inc.  last traded at $34.34 up 0.29 percent on 662,176,469 share volume.   Wells Fargo & Company  last traded at $55.20 down 0.52 percent on 656,277,547 share volume.   Whitewave Foods Company (The)  last traded at $56.19 down 0.02 percent on 610,020,105 share volume.   Citigroup Inc.  last traded at $59.68 unch last traded at $579,914,857 share volume.   Caterpillar, Inc.  last traded at $94.13 up 2.02 percent on 545,722,628 share volume.   International Business Machines Corporation  last traded at $174.52 up 0.01 percent on 542,557,375 share volume.   AT&T Inc.  last traded at $41.69 up 0.29 percent on 521,608,646 share volume.   About Chris Miranda Chris writes mostly about the latest in the stock market, finance, tech and business. View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 FXGiants Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 4 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Global Forex Pairs Trading – Europe & Americas, as of 2:25 a.m. Eastern Creditbit Witnesses Unprecedented Price Hike; Hits $1 Mark Composite Leading Pct Declining Stocks, Jan. 10 Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2017 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. × Read previous post: NYSE Arca Hottest Dollar Winners, April 5 NYSE Arca Hottest Dollar Winners, April 5   VelocityShares 3x Long Natural Gas ETN linked to the S&P GSCI Natural Gas...Close
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Thursday, April 06, 2017 2:59 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 32°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money UK economy probably slowing after strong end to 2016, survey finds Wednesday April 5, 2017 06:27 PM GMT+8 ICYMI DAP’s Teresa Kok sues Jamal Yunos over embezzlement claims Suu Kyi denies ethnic cleansing of Myanmar Muslim minority The Edit: Pepsi pulls ad after backlash The Edit: Amsterdam in full bloom Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Services companies raised their selling prices at the fastest pace since 2008, a sign that inflation may rise more than the 3 per cent expected by many forecasters this year. ― Reuters picLONDON, April 5 — Britain’s economy has probably slowed from its strong growth of late last year and a cooling jobs market and hefty price increases will become increasingly apparent as Brexit gets underway, according to a survey published today. The Markit/CIPS Services Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI), a closely watched gauge of Britain’s services industry, rose to a three-month high of 55.0 in March from 53.3 in February. That topped all forecasts in a Reuters poll of economists, whose median forecast was for a reading of 53.5, pushing sterling almost half a cent higher against the dollar. But there were some warning signals as Britain begins the two-year process of leaving the European Union. Services companies raised their selling prices at the fastest pace since 2008, a sign that inflation may rise more than the 3 per cent expected by many forecasters this year. Businesses hired people at the slowest pace in seven months. Taken together, the PMIs for manufacturing, construction and services published this week suggest economic growth will slow to around 0.4 per cent in the first quarter from 0.7 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2016, data firm IHS Markit said. Growth of 0.4 per cent would be in line with the most recent Reuters poll of economists but slower than the 0.6 per cent predicted by the Bank of England. “The PMI does not cover the retail sector, and hence may be overestimating growth somewhat given the concentrated hit in that area,” JPMorgan economist Allan Monks said. But conditions outside Britain had clearly improved and there was uncertainty about how quickly consumers will respond to higher prices, he said in a note to clients. The BoE is widely expected to keep interest rates at their record low throughout this year and possibly until 2019 as it steers the British economy through the uncertainty linked to the exit from the EU. However, one rate-setter voted last month for a rate increase and others said they might follow suit soon if there were signs that economy was maintaining its momentum of 2016. Despite the stronger-than-expected headline growth figure in today’s PMI, the survey also suggested consumers were cutting back on luxuries. Hotels and restaurants, gyms and hairdressers ranked among the worst-performing services in the first three months of 2017. “Much of the disappointment in growth so far this year has been evident in consumer-oriented sectors, in part linked to spending and incomes being squeezed by higher prices,” said Chris Williamson, chief business economist at IHS Markit. Official data today showed modest improvement for one of Britain’s most persistent economic headaches, weak productivity. Output-per-hour grew at the fastest pace in more than a year in the final three months of 2016, but remained well below the average rate seen before the financial crisis. The figures did little to challenge expectations that 2017 will be a tough one for many Britons. Nearly half of British households plan to cut spending as worries about inflation escalate, according to a separate survey today from pension provider Scottish Friendly and the think tank Social Market Foundation. Official data last week showed real household disposable income — a measure of spending power in the fourth quarter of 2016 — saw its biggest quarter-on-quarter decline in nearly three years. Industry figures for new car registrations bucked other signs of weakening consumer demand, with sales rising 8.4 per cent last month. But the surge in part reflected customers bringing forward purchases to beat a tax rise, which may bode for a weak April, the Society of Motor Manufacturers and Traders said. The all-sector PMI, covering manufacturing, construction and services, rose a full point to 54.7 in March. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Activist targets GM share structure, board Poverty in Russia rises to decade-high of 20 million Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Activist targets GM share structure, board Second Australia miner declares force majeure in wake of Cyclone Debbie Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Related Articles Britain’s May in Saudi Arabia seeking deals UK households run down savings to record low in warning sign for economy Brexit trigger spells trouble for UK’s sweet economic run Qatar set to invest £5b in UK over next five years Pound rises, gilts drop as Forbes vote catches market off-guard Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for NantHealth Inc (NH) NiSource’s (NI) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Cut to “Neutral” at Seaport Global Securities Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Increases RH (RH) Price Target to $44.00 Sidoti Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Omega Protein Co. (OME) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for XL Group Ltd.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (XL) AAON, Inc. (AAON) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $45.33 Target Price for Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Zacks: Analysts Set $45.33 Target Price for Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) AAON, Inc. (AAON) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is New York State Teachers Retirement System’s 5th Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Position Lowered by Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Cpcm LLC Purchases New Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Asturias Capital LLC Increases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Friday. According to Zacks, “Shares of Outfront Media outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT – Equity Trust – Other industry over the past three months. However, its estimate for 2017 remained flat over the past seven days. Recently, the company announced that over 1000 brands have utilized Outfront Mobile Network. Notably, the mobile ad delivery solution provided by Outfront offers marketers additional data analytics features and helps in drawing more audiences. Further, in Feb, the company reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter 2016 adjusted funds from operations (FFO) per share. The company’s huge geographic diversity, efforts to convert from traditional static billboard displays to digital billboard displays and low-cost out-of-home (OOH) platform augur well. But, cut-throat competition and rise in the interest rate remain concerns.” Several other research analysts have also commented on OUT. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Outfront Media from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $27.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. TheStreet raised Outfront Media from a c rating to a b- rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Outfront Media from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $26.00 to $28.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Wedbush lifted their price target on Outfront Media from $36.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. Outfront Media currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $29.43. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) opened at 26.43 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $26.45 and a 200 day moving average price of $24.81. Outfront Media has a 1-year low of $20.72 and a 1-year high of $27.89. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.66 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.11 and a beta of 1.28. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.19. The company had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $392.43 million. Outfront Media had a negative return on equity of 0.79% and a negative net margin of 0.63%. The firm’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Outfront Media will post $0.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/outfront-media-inc-out-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research-2.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a $0.36 dividend. This is an increase from Outfront Media’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.34. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.45%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 8th. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -1,942.58%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. US Bancorp DE increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 5.5% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 38,411 shares of the company’s stock valued at $909,000 after buying an additional 1,995 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 4.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 144,086 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,408,000 after buying an additional 6,260 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 176.9% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,115,196 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,025,000 after buying an additional 1,351,329 shares during the period. TD Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 59.3% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 15,848 shares of the company’s stock valued at $375,000 after buying an additional 5,900 shares during the period. Finally, Timber Hill LLC increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 231.1% in the third quarter. Timber Hill LLC now owns 33,879 shares of the company’s stock valued at $801,000 after buying an additional 23,646 shares during the period. Outfront Media Company Profile OUTFRONT Media Inc, formerly CBS Outdoor Americas Inc, is a provider of advertising space on out-of-home advertising structures and sites across the United States, Canada and Latin America. The Company’s inventory consists of billboard displays and transit advertising displays. It operates through two segments. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Outfront Media (OUT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for NantHealth Inc (NH) NiSource’s (NI) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Cut to “Neutral” at Seaport Global Securities Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Increases RH (RH) Price Target to $44.00 Sidoti Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Omega Protein Co. (OME) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for XL Group Ltd.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (XL) AAON, Inc. (AAON) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Analysts Set $45.33 Target Price for Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Zacks: Analysts Set $45.33 Target Price for Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) AAON, Inc. (AAON) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts AlphaOne Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) is New York State Teachers Retirement System’s 5th Largest Position AT&T Inc. (T) Position Lowered by Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Cpcm LLC Purchases New Position in Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Asturias Capital LLC Increases Position in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Friday. According to Zacks, “Shares of Outfront Media outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT – Equity Trust – Other industry over the past three months. However, its estimate for 2017 remained flat over the past seven days. Recently, the company announced that over 1000 brands have utilized Outfront Mobile Network. Notably, the mobile ad delivery solution provided by Outfront offers marketers additional data analytics features and helps in drawing more audiences. Further, in Feb, the company reported better-than-expected fourth-quarter 2016 adjusted funds from operations (FFO) per share. The company’s huge geographic diversity, efforts to convert from traditional static billboard displays to digital billboard displays and low-cost out-of-home (OOH) platform augur well. But, cut-throat competition and rise in the interest rate remain concerns.” Several other research analysts have also commented on OUT. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered Outfront Media from a buy rating to a neutral rating and set a $27.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. TheStreet raised Outfront Media from a c rating to a b- rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Outfront Media from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $26.00 to $28.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Wedbush lifted their price target on Outfront Media from $36.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. Outfront Media currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $29.43. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) opened at 26.43 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $26.45 and a 200 day moving average price of $24.81. Outfront Media has a 1-year low of $20.72 and a 1-year high of $27.89. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.66 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.11 and a beta of 1.28. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The company reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.19. The company had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $392.43 million. Outfront Media had a negative return on equity of 0.79% and a negative net margin of 0.63%. The firm’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Outfront Media will post $0.84 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/outfront-media-inc-out-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a $0.36 dividend. This is an increase from Outfront Media’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.34. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.45%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 8th. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -1,942.58%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. US Bancorp DE increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 5.5% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 38,411 shares of the company’s stock valued at $909,000 after buying an additional 1,995 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 4.5% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 144,086 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,408,000 after buying an additional 6,260 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 176.9% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 2,115,196 shares of the company’s stock valued at $50,025,000 after buying an additional 1,351,329 shares during the period. TD Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 59.3% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 15,848 shares of the company’s stock valued at $375,000 after buying an additional 5,900 shares during the period. Finally, Timber Hill LLC increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 231.1% in the third quarter. Timber Hill LLC now owns 33,879 shares of the company’s stock valued at $801,000 after buying an additional 23,646 shares during the period. Outfront Media Company Profile OUTFRONT Media Inc, formerly CBS Outdoor Americas Inc, is a provider of advertising space on out-of-home advertising structures and sites across the United States, Canada and Latin America. The Company’s inventory consists of billboard displays and transit advertising displays. It operates through two segments. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Outfront Media (OUT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Outrage Over Political Pepsi Ad Could Flatten Brand’s Profits How Much You’re Really Paying in Property Taxes 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Bet You Didn’t Know Your FSA Can Cover These 7 Things Why You Need an HSA 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News The Most Valuable Public Company in Every State How to Cash Savings Bonds 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 40 Social Security Tips for 2017 Answers to Your Top 6 Social Security Questions 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts How to Close a Checking Account for Free Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How to Find the Best Bank Account How to Cash a Check 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips 6 Easiest Credit Cards to Get 6 Instant-Approval Credit Cards 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Banking > Banking Tips > Banking How To > How to Find the Best Bank Account How to Find the Best Bank AccountThe best bank accounts have low or no fees, high interest rates and are easily accessible. By Andrew Lisa | April 5, 2017 iStock.com / YinYang With so many choices of banks, financial institutions and types of accounts, finding the best account can be a daunting task. You need to compare multiple bank accounts and look at fees and interest rates, among other factors, to choose the account that suits your lifestyle. Whether you choose a local bank, credit union, online bank, or a big bank like a national bank, here’s what you need to consider to determine the best bank account for you. Checking and Savings Accounts Explained A checking account and savings account are the most basic and common types of bank accounts and each serves a different purpose. Checking accounts provide easy daily access to money, whereas savings accounts provide higher interest and benefits for accumulating money. Checking accounts offer unlimited electronic transactions and transactions using checks and debit cards. However, checking accounts pay little or no interest. Savings accounts, on the other hand, offer higher interest rates, but you can’t use checks or debit cards and there’s a legal limit of six transactions per statement cycle, typically a month. You might consider opening a money market account, which combines features of both savings and checking accounts, or certificates of deposit, which offer some of the highest interest rates but no transactions. See: 10 Best Checking Accounts of 2017 Beware These Common Bank Fees Banks with free checking accounts aren’t always free — fees are big revenue drivers in the banking world. In 2015, the “Big Three” — JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo — raked in $6 billion in ATM and overdraft fees alone. Check out all the associated charges and fees that are typical of bank accounts: ATM fees: Using an out-of-network ATM often incurs double fees — one for using the ATM and one from your bank. In 2016, ATM fees hit an all-time average high of $4.57 per transaction. Overdraft fees: Overdrawing your account usually incurs an overdraft fee. There’s no limit on what your bank can charge, so shop around. Account minimum fees: Many banks charge a fee when account balances drop below a certain amount. Maintenance fees: Many banks charge maintenance or service fees, usually $10 to $12 per billing cycle. Find Out: 12 Banking Fees You Should Never Pay Online Banking Depending on your lifestyle and occupation, an online bank and online account might make more sense for you; some of the best free checking accounts are at online banking institutions. Online banks usually offer you better interest rates and reduced fees because they don’t pay the overhead associated with maintaining branches. However, there are some disadvantages to banking with an online-only institution, such as: No branches or teller service Difficulty depositing cash Difficulty cashing physical checks Related: 10 Best Online Banks of 2017 Compare to Find the Best Deals on Bank Accounts After you determine what type of account you need, then shop for the best one by carefully examining and comparing all the advantages and disadvantages. The best checking accounts and savings accounts are those that offer: Easy access High interest rates Low fees and charges Best benefits, rewards incentives or waived fees Do a side-by-side comparison of the best accounts you’re considering to find the best banks to open a checking account and the best savings account rates. By carefully comparing all the features of each account, you’ll be able to determine which of the best bank accounts can meet your unique needs. Up Next: 15 Checking Account Bonuses and Promotions Available Today Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article Are Banks Open During Passover? Find out if your bank is open or closed during Passover 2016. Related Articles How to Open a Bank Account Online How to Find Your Routing Number in Seconds How to Cash a Check How to Stop Automatic Withdrawals People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CNX Coal Resources LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Capitala Finance Corp (CPTA) Declares $0.13 Monthly Dividend Capitala Finance Corp to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.13 (CPTA) KNOT Offshore Partners LP (KNOP) Receives $21.75 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) Director Sells $10,806,580.75 in Stock Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Insider Sells $8,162,935.56 in Stock InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Receives “Equal weight” Rating from Barclays PLC Shore Capital Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for IFG Group PLC (IFP) Shore Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Provident Financial plc (PFG) Liberum Capital Raises Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 135 Liberum Capital Raises Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 135 Medley Management Inc (MDLY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research MGM Growth Properties LLC (MGP) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Bayer AG (BAYRY) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Maxim Group Reiterates Buy Rating for Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for BAE Systems plc (BA) Short Interest in Ford Motor Company (F) Grows By 9.0% Fairmount Santrol Holdings Inc (FMSA) Short Interest Update Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts A Jayson Adair Sells 200,000 Shares of Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Stock CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of CNX Coal Resources LP (NYSE:CNXC) have received a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the seven brokerages that are covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month price target among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $20.33. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on CNXC shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded CNX Coal Resources from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded CNX Coal Resources from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $22.00 price target on CNX Coal Resources and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Sunday, January 8th. CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) opened at 15.95 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $16.02 and its 200 day moving average price is $17.34. CNX Coal Resources has a 52-week low of $6.70 and a 52-week high of $22.30. The company has a market cap of $372.08 million, a P/E ratio of 19.15 and a beta of 1.75. CNX Coal Resources (NYSE:CNXC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, January 30th. The company reported $0.41 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.56 by $0.15. CNX Coal Resources had a return on equity of 12.05% and a net margin of 7.69%. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.37 EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that CNX Coal Resources will post $1.77 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other news, insider Dan D. Sandman bought 5,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were bought at an average price of $17.97 per share, with a total value of $98,835.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 5,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $98,835. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, insider David M. Khani bought 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $15.08 per share, for a total transaction of $45,240.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 13,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $196,040. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of CNXC. Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT purchased a new position in CNX Coal Resources during the third quarter valued at approximately $376,000. EJF Capital LLC increased its position in CNX Coal Resources by 40.4% in the third quarter. EJF Capital LLC now owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $775,000 after buying an additional 14,396 shares during the last quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP increased its position in CNX Coal Resources by 80.9% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 65,277 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,191,000 after buying an additional 29,197 shares during the last quarter. Wexford Capital LP increased its position in CNX Coal Resources by 114.9% in the fourth quarter. Wexford Capital LP now owns 72,864 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,330,000 after buying an additional 38,964 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in CNX Coal Resources by 81.9% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 116,965 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,135,000 after buying an additional 52,665 shares during the last quarter. 61.16% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “CNX Coal Resources LP (CNXC) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/cnx-coal-resources-lp-cnxc-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. About CNX Coal Resources CNX Coal Resources LP is a producer of high-British thermal units (Btu) thermal coal in the Northern Appalachian Basin and the eastern United States. It is engaged in the management and development of coal operations of CONSOL Energy Inc (CONSOL Energy) in Pennsylvania. It holds interest in, and operational control over, CONSOL Energy’s Pennsylvania Mining Complex, which consists of three underground mines and related infrastructure that produce high-Btu bituminous thermal coal that is sold primarily to electric utilities in the eastern United States. Receive News & Ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CNX Coal Resources LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /columns/06 April 2017. 8am /columns/06 April 2017. 8am /columns/06 April 2017. 8am /columns/06 April 2017. 8am Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Columnists Fuller Treacy Money Deflation Danger Over for European Central Bank but Fresh Debt Drama Looms Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:27 05 Apr 2017 Deflation Danger Over for European Central Bank but Fresh Debt Drama Looms Here is the opening of this controversial column by Ambrose Evans-Pritchard for The Telegraph: The European Central Bank has declared victory over deflation in a watershed shift in policy, clearing the way for an end to negative rates and emergency bond purchases after years of deep economic malaise. Triple tail-winds from QE, a cheap euro, and the end of fiscal austerity have all combined with powerful effect, at last lifting the economy out of a low-growth trap, or ‘Lost Decade’ as some economists describe it. A blizzard of new figures paint a picture of accelerating growth across the region, with with unemployment falling to an eight-year low of 9.5pc - though it is still twice the level of the Anglo-Saxon and non-euro Nordic states. The eurozone’s jobless rolls have dropped by 1.24 million over the last year. “Since the crisis we have had serious concerns about deflationary risks on several occasions in the euro area, but now we can say they have disappeared,” said Peter Praet, the ECB’s chief economist. The comments are significant since Mr Praet has long been viewed as an arch-dove on the ECB’s executive council. Analysts at Citigroup say that German-led hawks in Frankfurt appear to be gaining the upper hand in their fight against quantitative easing (QE), raising the risk of a tightening signal over the next two policy meetings. Mr Praet said last year’s blast of stimulus by G20 authorities in response to the Chinese currency panic had averted a worldwide downturn and was now feeding through into full-blown recovery.  “This coordinated reaction was very effective,” he told the Spanish newspaper Expansion. What is not yet clear is whether the eurozone is entering a virtuous circle - driven by rising investment - or whether the current cyclical recovery is largely a sugar rush that will fade as stimulus is withdrawn.   David Fuller's view This is the second time in the last fortnight that AEP has reported a change in sentiment across at least the North American and European economic scene. Financial sector euphoria evidenced shortly following Donald Trump’s election victory has given way to a more sombre mood. The previously lagging S&P Banks Industry Group Index outperformed during the Trump rally.  JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon led the high-profile cheerleading, talking about the revival of ‘animal spirits’ in markets.  Many stock markets rose as did government bond yields.  Industrial commodities also extended their rallies. The switch flipped after mid-March and guest commentators on Bloomberg and CNBC warn that stock markets are vulnerable.  They are also singing the praises of US 10-Year Treasury Bonds (weekly & daily) where yields have fallen back from just above 2.60%, as they did in December, and are now testing 4-month range lows near 2.30%. Is this the pause that refreshes or have we entered a quite different phase? This item continues in the Subscriber’s Area where a PDF of AEP’s column is also posted.    The Equity View: Global Investment Themes My thanks to Riverfront Investment Group for this topical publication.  Here is a brief sample: Global Technology: We currently prefer non-mega-cap technology globally.  US Technology stocks trade at close to a market multiple, despite the fact that they are forecasted to grow earnings at a faster rate.  In our view, the key positioning strategy in technology is to avoid the mega-caps.  Mega-caps tend to have the least growth and can often carry the greatest expectations.  We prefer an equal-weighted basket of tech stocks.   David Fuller's view Charles Elliott also favoured smaller-cap technology companies for their better valuations and often faster growth, in his excellent presentation at The Markets Now recently. I will add that fashionable mega-cap technology firms are often pushed higher by Exchange Traded Funds and market momentum programmes.  That can be impressive but it is risky for people to chase the strong rallies, which shed gains quickly in the next correction.    What does the evolution of Tesla mean for everyone else?   Eoin Treacy's view Tesla broke out to new highs yesterday. The share’s stratospheric advance stopped three years ago when it announced it was going to build a battery “gigafactory” which would cost billions of Dollars it didn’t have. That investment is now over and the company is ramping up production. That’s great news for Tesla’s long suffering investors but what does it say about all the other car companies.   Email of the day on desalination Dear Eoin, concerning today's posting on the water situation, I recently visited one of Israel's 5 water desalination plants. Over the last 10 years Israel has totally overcome its historic water shortage problem by desalinating sea water. It has done so in collaboration with Veolia. In addition this new technology is being exported worldwide. Once again we have an example of how human genius is applied to important problems and how new technology is overcoming them. Great to be able to be positive when pessimism reigns around the world.   Eoin Treacy's view Thank you for this first-hand account and I agree that solving Israel’s water challenges is a significant victory for a country where water security is highly politicised. This article from MIT Technology Review carries more information. Here is a section: The Sorek plant incorporates a number of engineering improvements that make it more efficient than previous RO facilities. It is the first large desalination plant to use pressure tubes that are 16 inches in diameter rather than eight inches. The payoff is that it needs only a fourth as much piping and other hardware, slashing costs. The plant also has highly efficient pumps and energy recovery devices. “This is indeed the cheapest water from seawater desalination produced in the world,” says Raphael Semiat, a chemical engineer and desalination expert at the Israel Institute of Technology, or Technion, in Haifa. “We don’t have to fight over water, like we did in the past.” Australia, Singapore, and several countries in the Persian Gulf are already heavy users of seawater desalination, and California is also starting to embrace the technology (see “Desalination Out of Desperation”). Smaller-scale RO technologies that are energy-efficient and relatively cheap could also be deployed widely in regions with particularly acute water problems—even far from the sea, where brackish underground water could be tapped. Earlier in development are advanced membranes made of atom-thick sheets of carbon, which hold the promise of further cutting the energy needs of desalination plants.   Fuller Treacy Money Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version The information provided on this website (www.FTMoney.com) is for the purposes of information only.  This website and its content is not and should not be considered or deemed to be an offer of or invitation to engage in any investment activity.  Nothing FT Money does and nothing on this website is intended to operate or be construed as the giving of advice or the making of a recommendation by FT Money to any investor or prospective investor. FT Money and any other group or associated company of it is not authorised or regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority in the UK or any other regulatory body in any other jurisdiction.   By means of your login to our service you are deemed to thereby accept our current Terms of Business including this notice, Except for permission to download a single copy for personal use, the research published by FT Money may not be reproduced, distributed or published in whole or in part by any recipient for any purpose, without the prior express consent of FT Money. Information featured on the website is based upon information and data provided by FT Money and remains the intellectual property of FT Money.  Some of the information may also be provided by third parties and whilst FT Money will seek to ensure that information featured the website is updated on a regular basis, FT Money does not accept any responsibility for, and disclaims any and all liability for, any such information (including the accuracy of such information) or views or opinions expressed on the website.  Any person considering an investment opportunity as a result of data presented on the website should give full regard to all the content of the website, and should perform their own due diligence and obtain advice from suitably qualified professional advisers before investing.  Prospective investors are also encouraged and recommended to take their own independent legal and taxation advice together with any other advice that they may consider necessary to consider the benefits and risks attached to any investment opportunity. No representation or warranty, expressed or implied, is or will be made or given by FT Money  (including its executives, employees, agents, contractors and advisors) in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the contents of the website, save that any such liability is not excluded in respect of fraudulent misrepresentation. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Fuller Treacy Money http://www.fullertreacymoney.com/ Fuller Treacy Money is a Global Strategy Service produced by David Fuller and Eoin Treacy for internationally oriented investors.  This comprehensive service includes:   * Comment of the Day – Concise analysis, market reports, informative articles, price charts plus David and Eoin’s personal portfolio transactions. * Subscribers Audio – Daily insights on global stock markets, government bonds, currencies and commodities. Friday’s audio focuses on the big picture, long-term outlook. * Subscribers Chart Library – Review any market on an absolute or relative basis, filter thousands of instruments and create your own customised templates and personalised lists.  UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Senior plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vernalis plc (VER) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 201.45 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) PT at $26.50 Citigroup Inc (C) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.29 Per Share Brokerages Set Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) PT at $26.50 Analysts Set HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Target Price at $33.74 Vernalis plc (VER) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Receives $20.71 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Target Price at $33.74 Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 201.45 Consensus Price Target from Analysts American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Analysts at Capital One Financial Corp. A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brunswick’s (BC) Hold Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Analysts at Capital One Financial Corp. Asterias Biotherapeutics Inc (AST) Rating Reiterated by HC Wainwright Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) to Hold Asterias Biotherapeutics Inc (AST) Rating Reiterated by HC Wainwright Bank of America Corp (BAC) Rating Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 201.45 Consensus Price Target from Analysts April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Senior plc (LON:SNR) have received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the eleven research firms that are presently covering the stock. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 201.45 ($2.51). A number of analysts have weighed in on SNR shares. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 180 ($2.25) target price on shares of Senior plc in a report on Friday, January 20th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 220 ($2.75) price objective on shares of Senior plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Canaccord Genuity dropped their price objective on shares of Senior plc from GBX 190 ($2.37) to GBX 170 ($2.12) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of Senior plc from GBX 205 ($2.56) to GBX 215 ($2.68) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 195 ($2.43) price objective on shares of Senior plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/senior-plc-snr-receives-gbx-201-45-consensus-price-target-from-analysts.html. Senior plc (LON:SNR) opened at 206.90 on Friday. Senior plc has a 12 month low of GBX 161.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 245.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 197.21 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 196.56. The firm’s market cap is GBX 866.50 million. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a GBX 4.62 ($0.06) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.63%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Senior plc’s previous dividend of $1.95. Senior plc Company Profile Senior plc is a holding company. The Company is an engineering solutions provider. The Company designs, manufactures and markets high-technology components and systems for the principal original equipment producers in the aerospace, defense, land vehicle and energy markets. It operates in two divisions: Aerospace and Flexonics. Receive News & Ratings for Senior plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Senior plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vernalis plc (VER) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.33 Per Share Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 201.45 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) PT at $26.50 Citigroup Inc (C) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $1.29 Per Share Brokerages Set Nord Anglia Education Inc (NORD) PT at $26.50 Analysts Set HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Target Price at $33.74 Vernalis plc (VER) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Cytokinetics, Inc. (CYTK) Receives $20.71 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Target Price at $33.74 Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 201.45 Consensus Price Target from Analysts American Homes 4 Rent (AMH) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Analysts at Capital One Financial Corp. A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brunswick’s (BC) Hold Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Analysts at Capital One Financial Corp. Asterias Biotherapeutics Inc (AST) Rating Reiterated by HC Wainwright Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) to Hold Asterias Biotherapeutics Inc (AST) Rating Reiterated by HC Wainwright Bank of America Corp (BAC) Rating Lowered to Buy at Vetr Inc. Senior plc (SNR) Receives GBX 201.45 Consensus Price Target from Analysts April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Senior plc (LON:SNR) have received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the eleven research firms that are presently covering the stock. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokerages that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 201.45 ($2.51). A number of analysts have weighed in on SNR shares. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 180 ($2.25) target price on shares of Senior plc in a report on Friday, January 20th. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 220 ($2.75) price objective on shares of Senior plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Canaccord Genuity dropped their price objective on shares of Senior plc from GBX 190 ($2.37) to GBX 170 ($2.12) and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of Senior plc from GBX 205 ($2.56) to GBX 215 ($2.68) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Finally, Peel Hunt reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 195 ($2.43) price objective on shares of Senior plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/senior-plc-snr-receives-gbx-201-45-consensus-price-target-from-analysts-2.html. Senior plc (LON:SNR) opened at 206.90 on Friday. Senior plc has a 12 month low of GBX 161.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 245.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 197.21 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 196.56. The firm’s market cap is GBX 866.50 million. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 27th will be given a GBX 4.62 ($0.06) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.63%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This is a positive change from Senior plc’s previous dividend of $1.95. Senior plc Company Profile Senior plc is a holding company. The Company is an engineering solutions provider. The Company designs, manufactures and markets high-technology components and systems for the principal original equipment producers in the aerospace, defense, land vehicle and energy markets. It operates in two divisions: Aerospace and Flexonics. Receive News & Ratings for Senior plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search U.S. Companies Expected to Post Strongest Quarter Since 2011 ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More U.S. Companies Expected to Post Strongest Quarter Since 2011 Published April 05, 2017 Industries Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print (Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistribu) U.S. companies are poised to report their strongest quarterly earnings in years, another sign that the stock-market rally could have further to run.  Continue Reading Below Analysts expected earnings for S&P 500 companies to grow by 9.1% overall in the first quarter from a year earlier, as of March 31, which would mark the highest growth since the fourth quarter of 2011, according to FactSet. Still, analysts have trimmed their profit expectations since the start of the year, and disappointing results could stoke concerns that stock-price gains have outpaced earnings growth.  Reporting season heats up over the next few weeks, with banks including J.P. Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Wells Fargo expected to report results next week and giants like Johnson & Johnson, Verizon Communications and General Electric scheduled the week after.  Investors have been betting that U.S. corporate profits will soar this year, supercharged by a Trump agenda that includes tax cuts and looser regulations. Last month's collapse of the Republican health-care bill cast doubt on such policies, but a strong earnings season could give investors a reason to keep investing in stocks.  Technology companies, among the best performers in the stock market this year, are expected to post some of the biggest earnings gains. Meanwhile, profits at industrial companies are projected to contract, potentially weighing on a sector that has lagged behind the broader S&P 500 this year after outperforming in the postelection rally.  "The buying and closing your eyes bit -- that part's gone," said Bret Chesney, senior portfolio manager at Alpine Global Management LLC. "I think now is when we really start to be dependent on what the hard numbers show."  Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Apple, whose stock is up 25% this year, was expected to report per-share earnings of $2.02 for its latest quarter as of March 31, up from $1.90 a share in the year-earlier period. Shares of the world's most valuable company hit a record this year partly on bets that its 10th-anniversary iPhone, expected later this year, will keep momentum building at the firm. The company posted a profit in January after three consecutive quarters of declines. Apple declined to comment.  Oil prices also have rebounded from their 2016 lows, a factor that should help energy companies -- the biggest laggards in previous earnings seasons -- improve results. Energy companies are expected to be the biggest contributors to earnings growth for the first quarter -- accounting for more than a third of the broader index's projected gains, according to FactSet.  Revenue also is expected to pick up for S&P 500 companies overall, after many had relied on cost-cutting to improve profits during the recovery from the financial crisis -- an encouraging sign for some investors who were looking for more sustainable growth. For the first quarter, S&P 500 firms are projected to report revenue growth of 7.1%, the biggest jump in more than five years, according to FactSet.  Improving corporate health and U.S. economic data have supported stocks since the second half of last year, helping the rally weather shifts in fiscal-policy expectations. Over the past year, S&P 500 companies have rebounded from a five-quarter earnings slump, wage growth has firmed and consumer confidence has risen to a more than 16-year-high.  A strong dollar, which some worried would cut into exporters' profits, has largely stalled this year after a postelection surge.  Analysts have pared back their expectations for first-quarter earnings since the start of the year, but the cuts have been smaller than the average over the past five years, according to FactSet. As of year-end, analysts estimated first-quarter earnings growth would be 12.5%.  But disappointing earnings could dent stocks' recent gains. Shares of industrial and materials companies, which helped lead the rally between Election Day and the end of 2016, posted the largest declines since then in expected earnings.  As of March 31, analysts expected General Electric to post first-quarter per-share earnings of 17 cents, down from 21 cents a year earlier, according to FactSet. Analysts had expected first-quarter earnings of 29 cents per share at the end of 2016. The company -- whose stock is down 5% this year after a 7.4% advance between Election Day and year-end -- has faced pressure from activist investors to slash expenses after missing profit targets last year, The Wall Street Journal has reported.  Mining firm Freeport-McMoRan was expected March 31 to post earnings of 18 cents a share for the first quarter, compared with a loss of 16 cents a year earlier but down from analysts' year-end estimate of 41 cents a share, according to FactSet. The company said in March that, because of a standoff with regulators, it had to scale back output and lay off workers in Indonesia, where it derives roughly a third of its copper output. Its stock is up 2.7% this year after rising 9.1% between Election Day and the end of 2016.  GE and Freeport declined to comment.  Still, company management has been upbeat. S&P 500 firms used the word "optimistic" in 52% of earnings calls for the fourth-quarter earnings season, the most ever in Bank of America Merrill Lynch data going back to 2003. At the same time, company-issued guidance was "nothing to write home about," the firm noted.  The gap between firms' confidence and their future earnings estimates reflects a concern among some investors and analysts: That stocks have run up at a pace beyond what is warranted by earnings results. It also parallels what Morgan Stanley economists in March called a "stunning" divergence between soft and hard economic data. While poll-driven reports, like consumer confidence and business sentiment, have surged since the election, hard data like retail sales, housing sales and business spending have lagged.  Major indexes' gains since November have made them even more expensive relative to their historical valuations, raising some concerns that they could be vulnerable to a pullback.  Stocks are trading near their records, even with some recent declines. The S&P 500 is up 10% since Election Day, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has climbed 13% over the same period. As of Monday, companies in the S&P 500 traded at an average of 21.7 times their past 12 months of earnings, above their 10-year average of 16.5 times trailing earnings, according to FactSet.  "The fundamentals just don't support valuations where we're at," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "Some of what was baked in there was that we'd get corporate tax cuts and deregulation boosting earnings."  Many investors are skeptical President Donald Trump is close to pushing through a corporate-tax-cut package. While Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin has said he hopes to secure a U.S. tax-code overhaul by August, some say disagreement within the Republican Party over how to pay for the plan could set back the scale and timing of any package that passes.  "The minute you begin to worry about policies going through, you have to start worrying about the basics again," said Nicholas Colas, chief market strategist at brokerage Convergex.  Write to Akane Otani at akane.otani@wsj.com Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alstom SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Alstom SA (ALO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Ultra Electronics Holdings plc (ULE) Insider Rakesh Sharma Purchases 7 Shares of Stock Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Insider John Rogers Acquires 46 Shares Henderson Group Plc (HGG) Insider Andrew Formica Buys 64 Shares easyJet plc (EZJ) Insider Andrew Findlay Buys 160 Shares Shire PLC (SHP) Insider William Burns Acquires 136 Shares of Stock St. James's Place plc (STJ) to Issue Dividend of GBX 20.67 on May 12th St. James's Place plc (STJ) to Issue Dividend of GBX 20.67 on May 12th BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Fiera Capital Corp (FSZ) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms “Market Perform” Rating for Finning International Inc. (FTT) OceanaGold’s (OGC) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank Guardian Capital Group Ltd. (GCG) Earns Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Exfo’s (EXF) “Market Perform” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) PT Set at €15.50 by equinet AG Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Valeritas Holdings, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (VLRX) FMC Corp (FMC) Sees Strong Trading Volume Following Analyst Upgrade Treatt plc (TET) Insider Richard Illek Purchases 15,000 Shares Alstom SA (ALO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages April 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) has earned an average rating of “Hold” from the ten ratings firms that are presently covering the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is €27.94 ($29.73). ALO has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG set a €28.00 ($29.79) target price on Alstom SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Morgan Stanley set a €27.20 ($28.94) target price on Alstom SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alstom SA in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €28.00 ($29.79) price target on Alstom SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €31.00 ($32.98) price target on Alstom SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/04/alstom-sa-alo-given-average-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. Shares of Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) opened at 28.02 on Wednesday. Alstom SA has a one year low of €19.04 and a one year high of €28.24. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €26.33 and its 200 day moving average is €25.61. The firm has a market capitalization of €6.14 billion and a P/E ratio of 2.20. Alstom SA Company Profile Alstom SA (Alstom) offers rail transport equipment, systems, services and signaling for urban, suburban, regional and main line passenger transportation, as well as for freight transportation. The Company’s portfolio includes trains, signaling solutions, integrated systems (including infrastructure) and services. Receive News & Ratings for Alstom SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things you need to know in markets today Will Martin Apr. 5, 2017, 1:58 AM 540 facebook linkedin twitter email print Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond speaks during a joint news conference with India's Finance Minister Arun Jaitley in New Delhi, India April 4, 2017. Reuters/Altaf Hussain Good morning! Here's what you need to know in markets on Wednesday. BlackRock, the world's biggest asset manager, slashed the amount it paid out in commissions to Wall Street firms for research by more than half for its largest mutual fund over the last two years, according to filings. The cuts show the immense power large asset managers have to curb fees they pay banks and the diminishing role of sell-side research at a time when Wall Street firms are facing a slump in stock trading commissions. JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon released his annual letter to shareholders. Dimon said he was worried that "something was wrong" in the US and there are six issues holding back economic growth. Dimon also expressed concerns over the low labor force participation rate in the US. In the same letter Dimon also brought up his concerns with Brexit and the European Union. The JPMorgan CEO said that he hoped Brexit would bring the EU closer together but admitted that it could " result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart ." Credit Suisse Securities USA, a unit of Credit Suisse, and a former investment adviser named Sanford Katz have agreed to pay about $8 million in fines to settle charges relating to improper investments, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said. According to the SEC's orders issued on Tuesday, Credit Suisse collected about $3.2 million in avoidable fees from clients during 2009-2014, and about $2.5 million of that amount was generated from Sanford Katz's advisory clients. JAB Holdings, the Luxembourgish company that owns chains such as Krispy Kreme, Caribou Coffee, and Peet's Coffee and Tea might soon add American sandwich shop Panera Bread to the mix. On Tuesday, Bloomberg reported that JAB Holding was in advanced talks to buy Panera, after breaking the news that Panera was for sale a day earlier.   Morgan Stanley made an error analysing Snapchat. On March 27, Morgan Stanley published an equity research note on Snap, the social media company it helped take public, putting a $28 price target on the stock. Almost a day later, the bank issued a correction, changing a range of important metrics in its financial model but not the $28 price target. Prime Minister Theresa May has hinted that Britain could allow EU free movement to continue in some form after Brexit. "Once we've got the deal, once we've agreed what the new relationship will be for the future it will be necessary for there to be a period of time when businesses and governments are adjusting systems and so forth, depending on the nature of the deal - but a period of time when that deal will be implemented," May told reporters on a trip to the Middle East. Asian stocks traded cautiously on Wednesday, as investors move to the sidelines before a potentially tense meeting between Donald Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping later this week. As of 6.50 a.m. BST (1.50 a.m. ET) Japan's Nikkei index has gained around 0.25%, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng has fallen by the same margin. The world's largest banks, insurers, asset managers, and professional services firms have made some headway in getting more women into finance but are still failing to promote women, according to exclusive data from The Financial Times. One key statistic demonstrated how the playing field for women is still unequal: "Women made up 25.5 per cent of senior roles in 2016, compared with 23.7 per cent in 2014." Obamacare's popularity has gone through the roof after Trump’s election. According to a new Gallup poll, 55% of American surveyed approve of the Affordable Care Act, the law known as Obamacare. This is the first time in Gallup's polling of the ACA that the law has cracked 50% approval since the firm began asking about the law in November 2012. NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by the smartest and most powerful men in the world Loading video... More: 10 Things Before European Markets Open facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things you need to know in markets today 10 things you need to know in markets today Good morning! Here's what you need to know in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Review The Bull Market in Legacy Ranches Over the past few months, a number of vast family-owned ranches have gone on the market. Why Ted Turner sold to the Osage Nation. Updated Oct. 17, 2016 12:47 a.m. ET Follow Up | Dow Indicator | Preview It has been a great year for rounding up legacy ranches, vast swaths of property that normally stay in family hands for generations. In February, Hall and Hall, a real estate firm based in Billings, Mont., helped broker billionaire Stan Kroenke’s purchase of 510,000 acres of the Waggoner Ranch in Texas, in what is considered the largest land sale in U.S. history. The ranch crosses six county... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Throwing Some Cold Water on the iPhone Hype Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. How to Trade Amazon at a Bargain Price Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. LBO or Not, Staples Stock Looks Very Undervalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Citigroup Is Priced to Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Is Snap Losing Its Identity? 2 Is Chipotle Back In the Game? 3 A Hunger for Savings Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
menu Sections Thursday, April 6, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION newsinfo / World share this JPMorgan chief sees higher risk of EU breakup Agence France-Presse / 01:45 PM April 05, 2017 European Parliament President Antonio Tajani removes his glasses as he addresses a press conference with the European Parliament’s chief Brexit negotiator after Britain initiated the process to leave the EU at the European Parliament in Brussels on March 29, 2017. The head of JP Morgan Chase said Tuesday, April 4, 2017, that the decision of Britain to leave the union could lead to political unrest and force the EU to break apart. AFP NEW YORK, United States — The odds of a breakup of the European Union have increased after Brexit, an outcome that could have “devastating” economic and political effects, JPMorgan Chase’s chief executive said Tuesday. JPMorgan chief executive Jamie Dimon, in an annual letter to shareholders, said he had hoped Britain’s decision last year to exit the EU would have led the bloc to focus on “fixing its issues,” such as immigration and rigid labor rules. “Our fear, however, is that it could instead result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart,” Dimon said. ADVERTISEMENT READ: ‘Disintegrating’ EU has nothing to celebrate — ex-Greek minister  | Duterte drops the ‘F bomb’ on EU anew “The unraveling of the EU and the monetary union could have devastating economic and political effects. While we are not predicting this will happen, the probabilities have certainly gone up — and we will keep a close eye on the situation in Europe over the next several years.” Regarding Brexit itself, Dimon expressed confidence the bank would be able to meet all its European’ clients needs once Britain exits the EU following negotiations expected to take two years. The bank doesn’t foresee shifting much staff from Britain over the next two years, but “we do suspect that following Brexit, there will be constant pressure by the EU not to ‘outsource’ services to the United Kingdom but to continue to move people and capabilities into EU subsidiaries,” Dimon said. Dimon, who is chair of the Washington lobby group the Business Roundtable and sits on a CEO advisory board to President Donald Trump, also expressed support for international trade in the wake of criticism by Trump and others of major trade agreements. Dimon called Mexico, a leading Trump target, a “long-standing peaceful neighbor” whose interests are intertwined with those of the United States. “Our trade agreement with Mexico helps ensure that the young democracy in Mexico is not hijacked by populist and anti-American leaders (like Chavez in Venezuela),” Dimon said. ” “While there are some clear identifiable problems with NAFTA, I believe they will be worked out in a way that is fair and beneficial to both sides.” ADVERTISEMENT Dimon described the challenges with China as “more complex” and include cybersecurity and the protection intellectual property. “However, there is no inevitable or compelling reason that China and America have to clash,” Dimon said. Dimon also reiterated stances on a number of other issues, voicing support for less onerous financial regulation and endorsing tax reform to eliminate the incentive for multinationals to move overseas. CBB play_circle_filled Duterte: Reds promised to release captives; Joma may come home to PH April 05, 2017 play_circle_filled After E-trike, Estrada eyeing E-jeep all over Manila April 05, 2017 play_circle_filled Duterte pins second highest award for combat to 2 junior officers April 05, 2017 play_circle_filled Royal New Zealand frigate visits Philippines April 05, 2017 TAGS: Brexit, Britain, EU, Jamie Dimon, JP Morgan, news For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING entertainment US-based producer cried foul over ‘rude behavior’ of JaDine management April 5, 2017 entertainment Coldplay in Manila 17 years worth the wait April 5, 2017 newsinfo LOOK: Commander in Chief Duterte in full battledress April 5, 2017 newsinfo 503 aftershocks recorded after Batangas quake April 5, 2017 newsinfo Immigration chief cancels all approved leaves of employees April 6, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Basf Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Linde AG (LIN) Given a €178.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€115.00” Price Target for Renault SA (RNO) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) PT Set at €79.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts Give Atlantic Gold Corp (AGB) a C$1.60 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Tidewater Midstream & Infrastructure Ltd (TWM) a C$2.00 Price Target A Schulman Inc (SHLM) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Hooker Furniture Co. (HOFT) to Release Earnings on Thursday Traders Sell American International Group Inc (AIG) on Strength Following Analyst Downgrade Vanguard Long Term Corporate Bond ETF (VCLT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume After Dividend Announcement IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Short Interest Update Gap Inc (GPS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Line Corp (LN) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts General Electric Company (GE) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Downgrades Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) to Buy Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Upgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) EVP Sells $575,508.20 in Stock Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts April 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Basf Se (ETR:BAS) has been assigned a €105.00 ($111.70) price objective by investment analysts at Macquarie in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($111.70) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday. Barclays PLC set a €87.00 ($92.55) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Jefferies Group LLC set a €95.00 ($101.06) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €66.00 ($70.21) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €82.00 ($87.23) target price on Basf Se and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €90.19 ($95.94). Basf Se (ETR:BAS) opened at 93.98 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of €86.32 billion and a P/E ratio of 21.31. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €90.00 and a 200-day moving average price of €84.66. Basf Se has a one year low of €61.63 and a one year high of €93.99. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/04/basf-se-bas-given-a-105-00-price-target-by-macquarie-analysts-2.html. About Basf Se BASF SE is a chemical company. The Company operates through five segments, which include Chemicals, Performance Products, Functional Materials & Solutions, Agricultural Solutions, and Oil & Gas. The Chemicals segment consists of the Petrochemicals, Monomers and Intermediates divisions. The Performance Products segment consists of the Dispersions & Pigments, Care Chemicals, Nutrition & Health, and Performance Chemicals divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Basf Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Basf Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Linde AG (LIN) Given a €178.00 Price Target by Kepler Capital Markets Analysts Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€115.00” Price Target for Renault SA (RNO) Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) PT Set at €79.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts Give Atlantic Gold Corp (AGB) a C$1.60 Price Target Scotiabank Analysts Give Tidewater Midstream & Infrastructure Ltd (TWM) a C$2.00 Price Target A Schulman Inc (SHLM) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Hooker Furniture Co. (HOFT) to Release Earnings on Thursday Traders Sell American International Group Inc (AIG) on Strength Following Analyst Downgrade Vanguard Long Term Corporate Bond ETF (VCLT) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume After Dividend Announcement IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Short Interest Update Gap Inc (GPS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Line Corp (LN) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts General Electric Company (GE) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Downgrades Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) to Buy Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Upgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ameriprise Financial, Inc. (AMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) EVP Sells $575,508.20 in Stock Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€115.00” Price Target for Renault SA (RNO) April 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($122.34) target price on Renault SA (EPA:RNO) in a research report report published on Friday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms have also commented on RNO. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €89.00 ($94.68) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Macquarie set a €100.00 ($106.38) target price on Renault SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. HSBC Holdings plc set a €93.00 ($98.94) price target on Renault SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €89.00 ($94.68) price target on Renault SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €65.00 ($69.15) price target on Renault SA and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €89.41 ($95.12). Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 80.10 on Friday. Renault SA has a 52-week low of €63.64 and a 52-week high of €90.76. The company has a market cap of €23.31 billion and a P/E ratio of 6.43. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €83.96 and its 200 day moving average price is €80.57. WARNING: “Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “€115.00” Price Target for Renault SA (RNO)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/04/deutsche-bank-ag-reiterates-115-00-price-target-for-renault-sa-rno.html. Renault SA Company Profile Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Imperial Brands PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Intertek Group (IKTSY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Intelsat SA (I) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Barclays PLC Begins Coverage on Dixons Carphone PLC (DC) RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Innate Pharma (IPHYF) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Whitman Howard Ruby Tuesday, Inc. (RT) to Release Earnings on Thursday Ideagen PLC (IDEA) Receives Corporate Rating from FinnCap Royal Bank of Canada Increases BlackBerry Ltd (BB) Price Target to C$10.65 AGF Management Limited (AGF.B) Given a C$6.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Desjardins Raises Dollarama Inc (DOL) Price Target to C$120.00 Scotiabank Reaffirms “Sector Perform” Rating for Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Eight Capital Boosts Dollarama Inc (DOL) Price Target to C$130.00 National Bank Financial Boosts Dollarama Inc (DOL) Price Target to C$122.00 Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Outperform Rating for Constellation Software Inc. (CSU) AGF Management Limited (AGF.B) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Desjardins Analysts Offer Predictions for Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (RBA) Simon Gordon Sells 58,539 Shares of Spire Healthcare Group PLC (SPI) Stock Zacks: Manhattan Bridge Capital Inc. (LOAN) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Analysts Basf Se (BAS) Given a €105.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Whitman Howard April 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Whitman Howard reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMB) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday. Whitman Howard currently has a GBX 5,100 ($63.66) price target on the stock. IMB has been the subject of a number of other reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a conviction-buy rating and issued a GBX 4,130 ($51.55) price objective (down from GBX 4,300 ($53.68)) on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a research note on Friday, December 2nd. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 4,300 ($53.68) price objective on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a research note on Monday, March 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 3,640 ($45.44) price objective on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised shares of Imperial Brands PLC to an outperform rating and increased their price objective for the stock from GBX 3,800 ($47.43) to GBX 4,150 ($51.80) in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on shares of Imperial Brands PLC from GBX 4,300 ($53.68) to GBX 4,400 ($54.92) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 16th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 4,174.08 ($52.10). Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMB) opened at 3856.00 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 3,809.49 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 3,718.67. Imperial Brands PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 3,324.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 4,154.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 36.83 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/04/imperial-brands-plc-imb-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-whitman-howard.html. In related news, insider Alison Cooper sold 3,911 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,698 ($46.16), for a total transaction of £144,628.78 ($180,537.74). Imperial Brands PLC Company Profile Imperial Brands PLC, formerly Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, is a fast-moving consumer goods company. The Company offers a range of cigarettes, fine cut and smokeless tobaccos, papers and cigars. The Company’s segments include Growth Markets, USA, Returns Markets North, Returns Markets South and Logistics. Receive News & Ratings for Imperial Brands PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GNRC2017 #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks-business Apr 05, 2017 09:00 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: Six stocks that analysts have on their radar today From Titan to Coal India, analysts present their views on these stocks. They also outline their recommendations on IT as well as auto sector Titan Morgan Stanley is overweight on the stock with a target of Rs 530. It says that the post-quarter update points to a strong Q4 and expects consensus to revise earnings over the next few days. It also cited the management’s optimistic stance of high-teen revenue growth for FY18. Meanwhile, JPMorgan has maintained its neutral rating with an increased target price to Rs 455 from Rs 400. United Spirits Goldman Sachs has upgraded the stock to neutral from a sell call. The research firm believes the valuation post its recent underperformance reflects the risk of a margin miss. The target for the stock implies a 9 percent downside against 5 percent for the coverage group. Cyient Morgan Stanley has doubled its upgrade on the stock to overweight and there are rerating triggers in sight as well. It expects earnings growth of 20 percent in FY18 from 8 percent in FY17. The research firm also sees broad-based growth to narrow PE discount to larger peers. Kotak Mahindra Bank UBS has a buy rating on the stock with an increased target price of Rs 1,050 from Rs 900. It has raised the earnings per share (EPS) estimates by 10 percent in FY18 and 3 percent in FY19. The research firm has also factored in 3.4 percent equity dilution. It says banks offer one of the highest sustainable earnings growth over 5 years. It has raised FY18/19 estimates and expects a 29% EPS CAGR over FY17-20 BEL Credit Suisse has maintained an outperform rating on the stock with an unchanged target of Rs 180. Q4 execution and profits for nine months to FY17 suggest a significant upgrade to the consensus. The company may report EPS of about Rs 71-72 in FY17. Coal India Nomura has maintained a neutral call on the stock with an unchanged target of Rs 320. The FY17 output implies 2-3 percent rise in its normalized EPS. IT sector Nomura believes immigration tightening seen in the UK, US and Singapore as a negative for the Indian IT sector. It sees both margin and near-term growth being under pressure. It has cited 3 H1-B visa bills that are tabled in the House or the Senate since the Trump administration took over, but the actual passage will take 3-4 quarters. HCL Tech remains the only buyer in Tier-1 IT firms, while it remains neutral on Infosys, Tech Mahindra and TCS. It has maintained a reduce call on Wipro. AutosCLSA believes the impact of demonetisation seems to be behind passenger vehicles, but two-wheelers and commercial vehicles remain weak. However, it is also growing sequentially. Based on volumes of original equipment manufacturers, the research firm estimates PV industry to have grown over 10 percent, while M&HCVs were seen at 5-7 percent in March. It sees less pre-buying in M&HCVs due to BS-IV norms raise concerns for FY19 outlook. tags #BSE #Nifty #NSE #Sensex #Stocks Views #trading #United Spirits Related news Business Buy BHEL, Bharat Forge; sell Reliance Power: CA Rudramurthy BV Apr 06, 2017 12:29 PM Business Sell Glenmark Pharma; buy BEML, Bharat Forge: Sudarshan Sukhani Apr 06, 2017 11:52 AM Business Jubilant Life gets USFDA nod for arthritis drug Apr 06, 2017 11:49 AM Business Buy Jindal Steel &amp; Power, HDIL, Bharat Forge: Ashwani Gujral Apr 06, 2017 11:48 AM Business Morgan Stanley upgrades Bajaj Auto to overweight, raises target post correction Apr 06, 2017 11:44 AM Business Buy Tata Elxsi, Jain Irrigation, CONCOR; sell Coal India: Mitessh Thakkar Apr 06, 2017 11:21 AM Business Man Infraconstruction arm launches first phase of Ghatkopar project Apr 06, 2017 11:01 AM Business Buy Century Textiles, Ceat, DLF; hold Reliance Industries: Ashwani Gujral Apr 06, 2017 10:56 AM Business Buy Tata Elxsi, Reliance Industries, Bharat Forge: Rajat Bose Apr 06, 2017 10:49 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara Market Live: Sensex, Nifty weak; RBI rate decision eyed; Reliance at 9-year high Unhappy with Sensex’s performance? These 10 funds gave up to 60% returns in FY17 A problem of plenty for RBI's Monetary Policy Committee Cabinet Secretary looking into troubles of telecom sector, risks to banks see more Video of the day See earnings downgrade for IT if rupee remains strong; like IOC, Aurobindo: Sanjeev Prasad Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings Monday, 3 April 2017 (3 days ago) NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As previously announced, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) will host a conference call to review first-quarter 2017 financial results on Thursday, April 13, 2017 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern). The results are scheduled to be released at approximately 6:45 a.m. (Eastern). The live audio webcast and presentation slides will be available on www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. JPMorgan Chase will notify » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise PriceNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) (the “Firm”) has made an announcement regarding an adjustment to the Exercise Price for the... Business Wire 1 day ago - Press Releases JPMorgan Chase building big new campus, landing 4,000 jobs in Tempe; shifting some jobs from Chase Tower downtownJPMorgan Chase & Co. is developing a big new 67-acre campus in Tempe with plans of eventually locating more 4,000 jobs there. Chase (NYSE: JPM) will land the big... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business Exec: Two years in, and JPMorgan Chase has its Raleigh dream teamNearly two years into its Triangle tenure and JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) has the hires in place to compete. That’s according to Brent Gore, the bank's market... bizjournals 3 days ago - Business Here’s where Chase is opening new branches in FloridaChase will open 16 new branch offices in Florida this year, including in the Jacksonville area. Chase, the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business Chase pulls YouTube ads, sees little change in impressionsAdvertising dollars were being wasted at JPMorgan Chase & Co. At least that's what appears to be the case after the New York banking giant pulled all digital ads... bizjournals 1 week ago - Business City First Enterprises and 11th Street Bridge Park Receive $250,000 Investment from JPMorgan Chase & Co.WASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. has invested $250,000 in City First Enterprises and 11th Street Bridge Park to create the Bridge Park Community... Business Wire 1 week ago - Press Releases You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases Virginia HEALTH CARE Foundation Launches Free-Medicines Mobile App with Support from Owens & Minor EOS imaging Announces First Sale of EOS System in ISRAEL JASON ALDEAN Unveils Madame Tussauds Nashville Wax Figure During Academy of Country Music Awards™ Weekend PANERA BREAD COMPANY SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Rigrodsky & Long, P.A. Announces Investigation Of Buyout BOSTON RED SOX and Museum of Science, Boston Begin Multi-year Partnership MCAFEE Labs Report Highlights Critical Challenges to Threat Intelligent Sharing Mark R. Lonneman Named President of American EMPIRE Surplus Lines Insurance Company Arconic Announces Cash Tender Offers by CITIGROUP Global Markets Inc. and Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC for up to $1,000,000,000 Aggregate Principal Amount of Arconic’s Outstanding Debt Securities It’s Reigning Cats and Dogs in Petplan PET INSURANCE’s Tournament of Tails Guaranteed Rate and CHICAGO WHITE SOX Partner for Guaranteed Impact Program; Kids Positively Impacting Their Communities to Be Celebrated with Complimentary Suite at Guaranteed Rate Field Twitter $Stocknewsalerts $JPM JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings From our Stock News Alerts App 1 day ago Eddie McKenzie JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings https://t.co/wKW1UPtC0w #fintech 1 day ago Fintech Finance New post: JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings https://t.co/vVq68yOK69 #FintechFinance #Fintech 1 day ago Opine🗣SOCIAL @OpineSOCIAL » JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings https://t.co/sEs05t5mSx 🗣#Opines on #SocialMedia 2 days ago Financial News #JPMorganChase #organChase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings. Read more: https://t.co/0NvCdITxtr $JPM 2 days ago BusinessWireServices JPMorgan Chase First-Quarter 2017 Earnings https://t.co/Myg6CJDFWB https://t.co/3jmmIdUQLI 2 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Bashar al-Assad Aung San Suu Kyi Melania Trump Current Topics New Zealand Australia Presidents Bartolo Colon Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Has Jurassic Park Been Found Down Under? Is This The Smallest UK Box Office Gross Of All Time? MOVIE REVIEW: The Boss Baby Get Ready To Morph Again - There's Even More Power Rangers Movies Planned MOVIE REVIEW: Smurfs: The Lost Village Disney Is Being Sued Over Zootopia - And They're Confident They'll Win Krispy Kreme Is Having To Rebrand Itself Abroad - Because One Country Isn't Sure How To Pronounce It Donald Trump Signed a Bill To Boost NASA's Exploration Funding - But Elon Musk Isn't Too Optimistic Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Woman falls off California's tallest bridge trying to take a selfie as her rescue shines light on mindless new Instagram craze where HUNDREDS of people are crawling out over the sheer drop MIT graduate, 40, is indicted on weapons of mass destruction and terror charges after police find explosive materials 'strong enough to penetrate a military tank' at his Vegas home Father of Hawaii's 'Peter Boy' missing for 20 years pleads guilty to manslaughter in deal that demands he reveal location of his son's body Mike Pence's Secret Service agent is suspended following his arrest for meeting a prostitute at a Maryland hotel 'My attitude toward Syria and Assad has changed': Trump opens the door to military action in Syria after 'horrible, horrible' sarin massacre as he and FLOTUS greet the King and Queen of Jordan 'How many children have to die before Russia cares?' Enraged US envoy waves images of children killed in 'sarin gas' attack as she slams Moscow during UN conference and warns America could take unilateral action  Assad's innocent victims: Father shows off twin boy and girl killed in Syria's 'sarin gas massacre', as death toll reaches 72. But what will the world actually DO? The Nazi death gas so horrific even Hitler feared using it: How Sarin was accidentally created in 1938... and can lead to death in less than 10 seconds Trump-slamming basketball coach whose North Carolina team won NCAA tournament says he might NOT let players visit the White House Steve Bannon is removed from National Security Council amid whispers Trump was unhappy that the aide who compared himself to Darth Vader and Satan was 'grabbing the limelight' EXCLUSIVE: As a teenager Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield at least once, could be found either 'at the mall' or 'in trouble' and shunned polyester and gossip  Ivanka says she is 'heartbroken and outraged' at 'atrocious' Syrian chemical - as she beats her father to condemning the crisis Trump says 'I think' Susan Rice committed a crime linked to asking for 'unmasking' of his associates' names when she worked for Obama Susan Rice wasn't the only White House official looking to 'unmask' Trumpworld figures - and Mike Flynn wasn't the only one exposed Fashion royalty! Melania Trump puts on a chic show in an emerald dress as she meets Queen Rania of Jordan at the White House, before visiting a local school with the stylish royal EXCLUSIVE: Cybersecurity experts who were first to conclude that Putin hacked presidential election ABANDON some of their claims against Russia - and refuse to co-operate with Congress Hillary will NOT return to controversial Clinton Foundation after claims of payments for favors dogged her failed election campaign Tea party senator says Donald Trump only won because Hillary Clinton was just as weak - and Joe Biden would have crushed him in a landslide Last-ditch attack on Neil Gorsuch amid claims Supreme Court pick plagiarized academic papers in his book The unbuttoning of Steve Bannon: Twitter takes Trump's chief strategist to task over his love of wearing two button-down shirts at the SAME time President Trump in 2020: Donald's daughter-in-law Lara reveals she has been hired by marketing firm to start working on second-term campaign More good news for Trump's economy as private sector companies added 263,000 jobs in March, crushing expectations 'I am working on it!' Pregnant Lara Trump says she wants the President to adopt a rescue dog - as dad-to-be Eric gushes that their two pet pooches are like their children Schumer says to 'stay tuned' as he leaves McConnell's office with the GOP's move to pull the trigger on the 'nuclear option' on Gorsuch just hours away Previous Next Cabinet split over Brexit as Hammond has a dig at Boris: Chancellor says option of leaving the EU without a deal is 'ridiculous'  Chancellor accused some Tory MPs of undermining the PM’s negotiations Philip Hammond said the option of leaving the European Union without a deal was ‘ridiculous’, contradicting both Boris Johnson and David Davis Predicted with ‘high degree of confidence’ there would be ‘tensions’ in process  By John Stevens for the Daily Mail Published: 20:21 EDT, 4 April 2017 | Updated: 03:18 EDT, 5 April 2017 e-mail 37 shares 312 View comments The Cabinet was at odds over Brexit last night as Philip Hammond said the option of leaving the EU without a deal was ‘ridiculous’, contradicting Boris Johnson and David Davis. The Chancellor accused some Tory MPs of undermining the Prime Minister’s negotiations by secretly wanting talks to break up without agreement so the country has a clean break from the EU. In a dig at the Foreign Secretary and Brexit Secretary, who have claimed leaving without a deal would not be disastrous, Mr Hammond said it was not a sensible option. Philip Hammond (left) said the option of leaving the EU without a deal was ‘ridiculous’, contradicting Boris Johnson (right) and David Davis Last month, Mr Davis (pictured) said that leaving without a deal was ‘not as frightening as some people think but not as simple as some people think RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Our reliance on foreign nurses is the biggest threat to the... Don't expect EU free movement to end for at least five... Share this article Share On a trip to India, Mr Hammond told Bloomberg: ‘There are definitely some people on both sides who do not want a deal, they do not want to see Britain continuing to collaborate in what the Prime Minister described in a letter as a deep and special partnership with the European Union.’ REMOANER BANKER'S U-TURN  Brexit could be the EU’s last chance to solve its problems and avoid collapse, the boss of JPMorgan has said. In a major U-turn, arch-Remainer Jamie Dimon confessed his business would move just a few of its 16,000 UK staff abroad in the next two years. And the Europhile Wall Street boss said he feared that the EU could disintegrate in coming years, with ‘devastating economic and political effects’ unless the Brexit vote acts as a wake-up call. His bleak assessment of the bloc – and more compromising tone on the City of London – is a sharp contrast to the Project Fear campaign, when he threatened 4,000 British workers with the sack if the referendum did not go his way. While he last night talked of potentially ‘moving some people’, he explicitly stressed the figure would be low. His comments came in his bank’s annual report to US markets. He said: ‘We hope that the advent of Brexit would lead the EU to focus on fixing its issues – immigration, bureaucracy, the ongoing loss of sovereign rights and labour inflexibility – and thereby pulling the EU and the monetary union closer together. ‘Our fear, however, is that it could instead result in political unrest that would force the EU to split apart.’ He predicted with a ‘high degree of confidence’ there would be ‘tensions’ in the process, but added: ‘I’m clear the objective from the UK side is to reach a deal and what I’m hearing from my counterparts in Europe is that is their objective. ‘Those people who are hoping for no deal, I say we have to disprove their thinking by showing there is clear goodwill on the Europe side to reach a deal.’ Speaking in the Middle East, Theresa May insisted the Brexit deal could be completed within two years, but acknowledged that the full free trade deal, which would have to be signed off by every EU parliament, might take longer. Mr Johnson, who was meeting Germany’s foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel in London, said he was confident of reaching an agreement with the remaining 27 EU member states, but insisted if they failed the UK would continue to thrive. ‘It is possible to do a deal that is win-win. I don’t want to be unduly pessimistic.  'I think we can get a deal,’ he said. ‘But if you ask me ‘If we don’t get a deal would the UK survive?’ I think we would more than survive.’ Last month, Mr Davis said that leaving without a deal was ‘not as frightening as some people think but not as simple as some people think’. Mr Hammond yesterday said it would not be ‘realistic’ to expect 100 per cent support on both free movement and the economy at the end of the two-year negotiations. ‘The issue for most people in the UK is they want control of their borders and they want to be outside of the EU’s structures, but within those constraints they want to go on trading as openly and freely as possible,’ he said. Share or comment on this article e-mail 37 shares Most watched News videos Driving tutor caught shouting and swearing at kids on horseback Shocking video shows 'Spice zombies' frozen by illegal drug Disturbing footage of attempted child abduction in Philadelphia Police officer stops press conference to arrest man Shocking video shows effects of stomach acid mixed with coke Bus driver KICKS passenger after throwing him off the bus Kendall Jenner stars in Pepsi's 'Live for Now Moments Anthem' ad Semi-decapitated teen tells police his shocking attack story Touching moment grieving mum sees robin on her son's grave Couple caught getting frisky in university building Horrific moment bullfighter is gored by 1,000lb bull in Madrid Heston Blumenthal confuses The Project desk with awkward interview Widower staying with his own daughter, 13, is accused of... Trump opens the door to military action in Syria after... 'In memory of the innocent lives lost to us all': Prince... Ranting driving instructor learns his lesson from... Kendall Jenner hides her face at the airport after Pepsi... Assad's innocent victims: Father shows off twin boy and... Haunting faces of the Bedlam ladies: Portraits show... UFO enthusiast mysteriously vanishes leaving behind a den... Transsexuals are forced to stand in line for army... Terrifying moment a stranger attempts to kidnap a baby... Astonishing moment driver bundles a passenger off his bus... 'I used to sleep on those bean bags!' Couple filmed in... 'Mostly naked' woman with webbed toes and wet hair who... St Petersburg train massacre survivors 'had their faces... Vile father of Kyhesha-Lee, 3, is sentenced to NINE years... Kim Thong-un! North Korean dictator blows £2.7million on... 'I can't bear to lose him. He's my boy': Baby Charlie's... Drunk mother, 29, who slept off a HANGOVER as three... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 312 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Khloe Kardashian shows off taut tum in revealing lace bodysuit after filming scenes with Scott and Kourtney for KUWTK Showed off a lot of skin Kourt out! Kourtney Kardashian leaves studio in baggy white mom jeans after KUWTK shoot with Khloe and Scott Small screen beauty PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Brooke Burke goes TOPLESS as she splashes around in sexy white lace-up bathing suit during family vacation to St. Barts No Pitt of despair! Beaming Brad arrives for premiere of The Lost City Of Z as he moves on from split from Angelina Jolie He was all smiles Beyonce shares intimate photos of last year's anniversary vacation with Jay Z at the Grand Canyon... but it's Blue Ivy who steals the show Misty mornings, dreamy sunsets and picture-perfect cocktails: 12 Instagram photos that perfectly capture the LA vibe SPONSORED Working it! Khloe Kardashian shows off cleavage in tank top at DASH...after Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries flashes bra at the shop 'I'm not complaining!' Vin Diesel brags about THAT kiss with Charlize Theron in Fate Of The Furious Gushed about multiple takes of the same kiss Sienna Miller stuns in flirty dress as she poses alongside her dapper castmates for the Los Angeles premiere of The Lost City of Z Wore a lemon frill frock She's pregnant! Jenny Mollen and Jason Biggs post silly Instagram photo to announce they are expecting a second child Creative announcement 'It's a daily struggle': A slimmed-down Mama June discusses incredible weight loss on the Dr. Oz Show Follows her epic 150-pound weight loss Bravo! Tina Fey keeps it demure as she bundles up arriving to opening night of Present Laughter on Broadway with husband Jeff Richmond But wait, there's more! Will & Grace revival gets extended with 12 episodes for NBC reboot The network has added an additional two episodes From rugged coastlines to rooftop bars, series of stunning images shows why Los Angeles is THE place to vacation SPONSORED 'They couldn't have found someone else? Designer under fire for 'fat shaming' Amy Schumer after she was revealed as InStyle's stunning cover model Model traveler! Miranda Kerr is a fashionable flyer in overcoat over navy blue mini skirt as she jets into LAX Sartorial elegance Baby daddy revealed? Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, drops hints the father of her third child 'Baby Lo' could be an old friend... Lopez is in the frame Kendall Jenner can't bear to show her face at airport after Pepsi pulls her 'offensive' Black Lives Matter ad amid growing storm including MLK's daughter  Coke is it! Madonna has sly Instagram dig at Pepsi after THAT mortifying Kendall Jenner fiasco Posted a photo of herself with a can of Coke 'Nobody calls': Caitlyn Jenner reveals she's been frozen out by the Kardashians since transitioning in candid face-off with Khloe Kardashian 'I have to take the punishment': Abby Lee Miller takes full responsibility for criminal acts as she talks bankruptcy fraud charges 'It's time to get this party popping!' Adam Devine stars in hilarious teaser as he is named host of MTV Movie & TV Awards Workaholics star 'I did take classes': Iggy Azalea reveals she lost 13lbs in one week while twerking for music video Mo Bounce  Constant twerking kicked her body into shape His un-caped crusader! Christian Bale cuddles his son Joseph as he takes the toddler out for lunch Carried his two-year-old tot to a cafe in LA Precious cargo! Natalie Portman steps out with baby daughter Amalia for the first time The 35-year-old took the tiny tot to popular walker sport in Los Angeles She's still got it! Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her enviable physique as she continues to enjoy family getaway in St Barths Flaunted her body Thirsty? Rachel McCord goes topless during photo shoot for bottled water in Malibu There was not an inch to pinch on the 27-year-old model The race is on! Flip Or Flop exes Christina and Tarek El Moussa 'are competing to land their own TV shows'... after posting dueling pinup snaps PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Now Lindsay Lohan wears a BURKINI: Mean Girls star hits the beach in modest swimwear in Thailand while studying Islam Nicole Kidman admits she 'tortured' herself to look like the 'Aussie beach girl' ideal and has lost her famous spiral curls from straightening her tresses too much Yolanda Hadid shows off her svelte figure as she goes hell for leather in biker gear during NYC outing Made the sidewalks of New York her runway Ramona Singer leads the glam in an LBD as cast of The Real Housewives Of New York unite for season premiere party A night to celebrate Going out girl: Emily Ratajkowski shows off her amazingly toned legs while out walking with a friend in LA Appeared to have an extra spring in her step 'You enjoyed humiliating me': RHOBH's Erika Girardi hits back at Dorit Kemsley in VERY tense reunion show trailer following pantygate Vroom vroom! Michelle Rodriguez revs it up in a black studded leather jacket as she heads to chat show appearance in New York Greeted fans She really LOVES that shirt: Dannii Minogue touches down at LAX wearing the same top she was sporting in Melbourne two days ago So nice she wore it twice Great jeans! Sofia Richie opts for casual look in double denim and fuzzy slippers to run errands in LA Appeared to wear very little makeup Putting her good foot forward! Jodie Sweetin is all smiles at interview after pricy custody order ruling... then hobbles through airport on crutches That's a fun day! Jamie Lynn Spears shares video of daughter Maddie on Easter egg hunt and swamp tour after recovering from scary ATV accident 'You don't see it coming': John Legend reveals he was blindsided by Chrissy Teigen's postpartum depression She bravely opened up Give free or die hard! Bruce Willis, 62, and wife Emma, 38, arrive for annual gala of her baby charity Room To Grow Arrived hand-in-hand Padma Lakshmi stuns in two-piece ensemble while showing off a hint of toned tummy for the Women in the World Summit On the red carpet Mommy and me! Heavily pregnant Ciara brings son Future to visit the Easter bunny in LA just days before due date Looked ready to pop 'The world can't take jokes': Teen Mom OG's Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra respond to backlash over fake pregnancy announcement 'Equal opportunity b*tch!' Real Housewives Of New York star Sonja Morgan says co-star Bethenny Frankel will dish it out to anyone Season 9 begins April 5 Model sighting! Kate Moss proves hard to miss in bright green jumper and skinny jeans as she emerges in London sunshine Casual chic 'I kept my butt in great shape': Anne Hathaway mistook her stunt double's derriere for her own while watching new flick Colossal Proud of her rear 'I haven't dated in a long time': Harry Styles reveals he's still on the lookout for love... as he admits his approach to romance was 'wrong and weird' Dapper Damian Lewis cozies up to glamorous wife Helen McCrory as they toast the opening night of The Goat or Who is Sylvia? Controversial role Is Kate's faithful flunkey set to take top job? PA could become Duchess's private secretary after accompanying her at series of engagements  Ready for her close-up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons silky pyjamas and rollers in her hair while on New York set of her show Divorce Getting into character A celebratory kiss! America Ferrera smooches husband Ryan Piers Williams after they complete a grueling triathlon in Hawaii 'Don't be mad': Iggy Azalea goes incognito as she arrives at LAX but manages to send a message with cheeky saying on hoodie Hardly recognizable Gotta keep the Faith! Eliza Dushku says she wasn't invited to the Buffy The Vampire Slayer reunion... despite starring in five seasons 20th anniversary Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber 'splash out £11million on NYC apartment opposite best friends George and Amal Clooney' Panoramic apartment All by my selfie! Kylie Jenner occupies herself by posing up a storm after Tyga 'moves out' of $6m home following breakup Embracing single life Bella Hadid shows off endlessly long legs in white mini-skirt... days after flaunting stellar body during girls' weekend in Mexico Heading to a photoshoot A vision in white! Diane Kruger commands attention as she teases at her assets in plunging flirty gown for French movie festival Daringly low-cut dress Stephen Belafonte calls Mel B's allegations 'a smear campaign' and claims 'real victims and survivors of domestic violence will be offended when truth comes out' Mel B 'flirted' with X Factor co-star Cheryl by feeling her bum but it sent husband Stephen Belafonte into such rages that he was BANNED from the studio Former Mouseketeer Britney Spears is set to receive Radio Disney's very first Icon Award Radio station is set to honor the star at a glitzy bash in LA on April 29 Where's Hef? Hugh Hefner skips massive party celebrating his new Amazon series - despite the fact it was just downstairs He was a no-show One proud mother! Makeup-free Katherine Heigl shares very rare photo of all three children as she promotes new film Unforgettable Downton star Michelle Dockery rocks a corset and cowgirl hat for stunning Vogue shoot as she speaks out on her role in Netflix's 'feminist western' Godless EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Charles and Camilla visit Pope Francis but no state visit invite for His Holiness  Did not invite him for a state visit this week 'John doesn't want kids': Recently engaged Nikki Bella reveals she and WWE Superstar fiancé Cena have NO plans to have children John proposed Sunday 'F*** off': Dolce & Gabbana designer who dressed Melania Trump in $2900 blazer for her official White House portrait lashes out at critics online Charlize Theron teams a smart blazer with dazzling bling as she pulls off another winning look for the Paris premiere of Fast & Furious 8 Bachelorette lovers in paradise! JoJo Fletcher enjoys romantic bikini getaway with Jordan Rodgers  Pair, who met a year ago, hit beach in Fiji EXCLUSIVE: Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield, could be found 'at the mall' or 'in trouble' and shunned polyester and gossip  Dad's night out! Benedict Cumberbatch joins pals at London boutique launch a month after welcoming his second son with wife Sophie Hunter 'It was a release': Rio Ferdinand recalls the emotional moment he opened up to a friend about losing wife Rebecca six months after her death A porn star and a prostitute walk into a bar... Gabi Grecko shows off her cleavage as she does shots with former Teen Mom star Farrah Abraham Twinning! Naomi Watts sports matching outfit with friend as she braves the New York chill in a black coat and jeans Coordinating Red-y for a busy day! Bethenny Frankel is a mom on the move in bright coat as she heads to Today Show before bonding time with daughter Get your hands on Kim Kardashian's ample assets! Reality star releases $98 pool float shaped like her BUTT as part of new Kimoji merchandise range  Nothing is the same without him': Mother of Jose Fernandez's baby opens up about giving birth to their daughter after Marlins pitcher died in boat crash  Mama June goes bra-free in NYC showing off boob job after 300lb weight loss as she tells Good Morning America  she works 'every day' to stay slender Ni hao, Theodore: Ivanka Trump's youngest son learning Mandarin Chinese with building blocks just like big sister Arabella  'Best moment of the day!' Wedding bells? Jennifer Lopez, 47, and Alex Rodriguez, 41, 'are planning a future together' after their four children 'hit it off' Fast track to altar? Melania Trump puts on a chic show in an emerald dress as she meets Queen Rania of Jordan at the White House, before visiting a local school All that's missing are text books! Hilary Duff looks like a cute college student in a varsity jacket and distressed jeans on NYC set of Younger 'What's up, it's your boy!': Chris Pratt sings silly rap song about 180 calorie muffin after fasting to lose his 'love handles' for Jurassic World 2 Where the Magic (Mike) Happens! See inside Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan's borrowed Las Vegas mansion Stunning Sin City home 'New shark in the pool!' Million Dollar Listing NY returns with a fresh face and Bethenny Frankel as Fredrik and Ryan sell up an expensive storm It's set to get explosive  Conservative firebrand Ann Coulter DENIES dating Good Times star Jimmie Walker and says they're just 'best friends' after show's developer insisted they are an item Red hot! FEMAIL breaks down four stylish ways stars like Jennifer Lopez and Kendall Jenner are wearing the fiery hue from head-to-toe Is he living in La La Land? Emma Stone gets asked to prom by a very ambitious 17-year-old with an epic parody of hit movie's opening sequence Is this a confession letter written by one of Tupac's killers? Documentary maker claims to clear Suge Knight and points finger at Reggie Wright Jnr That's different! Lisa Rinna's 18-year-old daughter Delilah Hamlin grabs some froyo in bizarre cropped t-shirt with piercing over her nipple Bombshell in black! Stylish Candice Swanepoel enjoys stroll with mother Eileen... and shares sweet video of six-month Anacã with fans 'Feminist AF': Olivia Wilde supports women's rights on her T-shirt as she re-shoots scenes for Life Itself Actress soon to make Broadway debut in 1984 EXCLUSIVE: Full House actress Jodie Sweetin - who earns $40,000 a month - ordered to pay ex $10,000 plus $2,000 a month in child support until 2026 for daughter  Mel B seen for FIRST time since filing a restraining order against Stephen Belafonte... amid claims he 'hounded' her for threesomes PICTURED: Stunning German nanny who Mel B claims 'abusive' husband Stephen Belafonte impregnated and paid $300,000 after she had abortion Who needs underwear? Brandi Glanville, 44, steps out in a VERY daring dress for a dinner date in West Hollywood with boyfriend DJ Friese Spring in her step! Ivanka smiles as she steps out in a $5,000 white lace ensemble the morning after Jared returned home from the Middle East Sleepy after her sleepover: Khloe Kardashian, 32, looks worn out after long weekend with her boyfriend Tristan Thompson, 26 Styles-ish arrival! Harry DANGLES mid-air from a helicopter as he shoots brave new scenes for eagerly anticipated solo debut video Sign Of The Times Seven year itch? David Schwimmer looks downcast before revealing he is 'taking time apart' from wife of nearly seven years Zoe Buckman Last-minute dress fitting? Carole Middleton leaves bride-to-be Pippa's house tailed by a man carrying mysterious white bags ahead of wedding  Morgan Freeman joins co-star Michael Caine at Going in Style screening... after removing compression glove from his paralyzed hand 'He was a horrible wingman!'  Zach Braff tells Ellen that legendary film star Michael Caine once tried to set him up with Nicole Scherzinger - and failed miserably! And she's due in a MONTH! Pregnant Bristol Palin shares fun snap of herself with a seemingly flat stomach posing alongside her daughter and brother 'Insecure' Katy Perry posts a smoking hot lingerie snap as she Googles HERSELF for 'hot' pictures Singer posed in a bra and Daisy Dukes Charlize Theron shows off her legs in a chic blue midi dress and stiletto heel boots as she struts to work in Paris for another day of the F8 press tour Pregnant Lara Trump says she wants the President to adopt a rescue dog - as dad-to-be Eric gushes that their two pet pooches are like kids  'She's beautiful in so many ways': Eric Trump raves about Ivanka and takes on critics saying she will be 'very different voice' in the White House 'I didn't go bald': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson explains why he's totally hairless with funny tweet Known for squeaky clean bald head A subtle reference to Harry? Meghan Markle hints that overplanning can 'kill the magic' in a cryptic blog post as the pair continue their long-distance romance Whoops! Slumdog Millionaire star Freida Pinto reveals she accidentally STABBED Riz Ahmed while filming a 'frenzied' scene for 2011's Trishna Their daily grind! Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie continues his loved-up display with girlfriend Kim Turnbull as they step out for coffee run in New York 'I'm pretty sure I'll never get surgery': Amy Schumer, 35, talks aging in Hollywood and  why she fell for her boyfriend as she poses in a swimsuit How YOU can get Scarlett Johansson's stunning body: Actress's personal trainer reveals the secrets to Hollywood beauty's enviable figure Is she putting her kids on a diet? Mama June wants to make sure Pumpkin and Honey Boo Boo don't hit 460lbs like she did... as she flaunts 160lb frame 'I thought fans would be disappointed if I was gay': Barry Manilow speaks candidly about his sexuality for the first time and opens up about marriage to manager  Heidi's high life! Supermodel Klum shows off her athletic figure as she enjoys more fun in the sun on family Turks & Caicos vacation 'I was scared s***less': Kelly Osbourne reveals stage III neurological Lyme disease diagnosis in new memoir Contracted it from reindeer sanctuary  'Can you marry the undead?': Sarah Michelle Gellar plays 'Marry, Shag, Kill' with Buffy characters on Watch What Happens Live  Queen Letizia of Spain stuns in a fairytale gown as she joins King Felipe VI for a glittering state banquet at Tokyo's Imperial Palace  Sstate visit to Japan Camila Alves dons mustard top with brown suede bell bottoms for TODAY show appearance Matthew McConaughey's wife shared a recipe 'I disagree with my father and he knows it': Ivanka Trump hits back at critics saying she does challenge her dad (and reveals she will NOT run for office) 'In memory of the innocent lives lost to us all': Prince William leaves touching floral tribute as royals attend service for London terror attack victims Braless Ariel Winter flashes more than expected from beneath skimpy white vest and barely-there hot pants during outing with beau Levi Meaden Workout Baby One More Time! Britney Spears slips into a tiny crochet bikini top as she works up a sweat in the gym You better work, b***h Right royal tat? Kensington Palace releases some VERY pink 'Princess Charlotte' merchandise - including lip gloss, tiaras and dressing up clothes 'I can't wait to show my daughter My Best Friend's Wedding': Julia Roberts, 49, hopes her kids are 'proud' of what she did in her '20s and 30s' Gerard Butler is almost unrecognizable as Hollywood hunk sports shaggy beard and tweed cap while filming scenes for his latest movie Keepers Ivanka Trump says life in D.C. is 'amazing', and she loves acting 'like a visitor', taking kids to museums, historical sights and even a monster truck show If my interest was money I would be in New York: Ivanka Trump scoffs at idea she is profiting from her father's presidency Fired back at critics  Secret behind the Duchess' slender figure: Why the wedges Kate lives in are the most flattering shoe of the season (and we'll ALL be wearing them) Sofia Vergara's ex Nick Loeb slams star for 'classlessly' speaking Spanish in explosive letter as full scale of their and stormy relationship is revealed  Da Ya Think I'm Sexy? Tracksuit clad rocker Rod Stewart, 72, proves he's still in great shape as he powers through a tough workout Took to social media Best supportive wife! Braless Jennifer Aniston wears skintight leather dress to premiere of Justin Theroux's The Leftovers Ageless beauty Queen Elizabeth is joined by a uniformed son Prince Andrew as she honors The Royal Lancers at a presentation ceremony at Windsor Castle Is Hollywood to blame for turning us against those who aren't picture perfect? Darth Vader's scars and  wrinkles of Wicked Witch cause them to be 'feared' Son of a Dunn! Supermodel Jourdan posts cute selfie with her son Riley... and he's the total SPITTING image of her Pair look so adorable Elizabeth Olsen keeps warm in a padded coat while clutching a hot water bottle as she films Avengers: Infinity War in chilly Scotland  Not as warm as LA! Harry who? Prince Abdul Mateen of Brunei sets pulses racing with smouldering Instagram snaps showing him cuddling his pet TIGER cubs Producer slams Alec Baldwin's claim he didn't know he was filming sex scene with an underage Nikki Reed in 2006's indie flick Mini's First Time EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kourtney Kardashian shows off her perky derriere in tiny bikini bottoms while on holiday with ex Scott Disick and their kids  Nicole Scherzinger looks the worse for wear as she leaves Hollywood nightclub wearing semi-sheer holey top and sexy leather Gigi Hadid brings sunshine to an all-black outfit with a bright smile as she works leather and biker boots in Paris Wore sunglasses and had hair tied back 'I figured he was going through a phase': Mayte Garcia discusses her short-lived marriage to Prince and reveals she 'hoped' the singer would come back to her Nice coconuts! Supermodel Heidi Klum shows off her incredible figure in very skimpy striped monochrome bikini as she holidays with her four children How things change! Hugh Hefner's ex Kendra Wilkinson, 31, sheds her sexy image as she opts for a very demure outfit at Playboy party in LA Mel B slashes price of her marital home by $1m in a bid to land a quick sale... after obtaining a restraining order against 'monster' estranged husband Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample cleavage and gym-honed figure in a plunging navy swimsuit on beach getaway Treated her fans Victoria Beckham reveals that husband David told her to dress more like 'old days' as she lifts lid on what being married to the hunk is REALLY like  Pucker up, baby!  Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA on a romantic stroll in NYC Couple weren't shy about showing feelings  Hailey Baldwin banishes 'baby bump' claims in a figure-hugging bodycon dress for dinner... after furiously denying 'pregnancy' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Making a Kar-dash for it? Kendall Jenner leaves dinner date with 'beau' A$AP Rocky amid claims they were 'all over each other' Put it there pal! Chris Evans awkwardly shakes hands with 'incredible human being' Jenny Slate at Gifted premiere following 'pretty hard' breakup That's one way to make an impression! Queen Mathilde wears a bright pink dress to welcome the UN Secretary General to Brussels  'She ended police brutality with a can of Pepsi': Twitter users BLAST new Kendall Jenner commercial for 'appropriating the resistance' Mel B's husband Stephen Belafonte tried to BLOCK her from seeing beloved father Martin on his deathbed... as he 'hid her passport' and told her 'suck it up' Racist slurs, treating the nanny as his wife and physical violence in front of the children: Mel B's FULL catalog of abuse at hands of her husband revealed Mel B's eldest daughter Phoenix Chi arrives home in Hollywood... as family is granted restraining order against her 'violent' step-father 'You b****!' Eden Sassoon lashes out at Lisa Rinna in fiery season finale of The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Epic reality fallout Fighting for his kids' future! Jerry O'Connell supports equal pay day with an adorable photo of his twin daughters Cute eight-year-olds Charlie and Dolly Ready to pop! Heavily pregnant Ciara shows off big baby bump as she steps out with two-year-old son Future Amid reports her baby is due in early April With her mini me! Katie Holmes hails a cab with daughter Suri in coordinating coats...one day after she was pictured on dinner date with Jamie Foxx Sarah Michelle Gellar on WWHL says cancer patient friend Shannen Doherty impressed her at dance class Was inspired by star's bravery Why so glum, Beatrice? Off-duty British princess looks decidedly downcast as she goes for coffee in New York  Prince William's cousin Uma Thurman displays her toned figure in a simple black bikini as she takes a dip in the sea in St Barts Enjoying yet another day of fun in the sun Naya Rivera, 30, seen for first time since she was pictured enjoying PDA session with David Spade, 52 Pair were caught  canoodling in Hawaii Four generations: Eva Amurri poses with her children, mother Susan Sarandon and grandmother Lenora in cute family snap Big beautiful family Kelly Bensimon flaunts her sculpted physique in a skimpy patterned bikini as she hits the beach in Florida The RHONY star, 48, was taking a break Arnold Schwarzenegger reveals which of his famous movie one-liners he hears most often - and it's surprisingly NOT 'I'll be back' Making a splash! Kaia and Presley Gerber enjoy some water sports on family vacation in beautiful St Barts Cindy Crawford's kids Rick Ross pays $10k fine in generous plea deal for 'pistol-whipping his groundskeeper for having a party at his $7.5million mansion' - as he gets his tag removed Lala Kent shows off booty-ful figure in swimsuit... after breaking down when Katie Maloney apologized for calling her a 'whore' Nailed it! Giggling Harper Beckham looks delighted after pampering session with dad David and brother Cruz at Beverly Hills manicure shop Arrivederci Roma! A windswept Charles and Camilla arrive in Vienna for the next leg of their European tour after a morning of engagements in Italy Body of a beach boy! Ryan Phillippe, 42, flaunts his toned physique at the seaside as he partakes in photo shoot  Former teen idol Is Robin a bit Thicke? Singer openly flirts with danger as he puffs on a cigarette while filling up his car's petrol tank Not the brightest idea, Robin Leaving no Leftovers! Paris Hilton laps up affection from beau Chris Zylka at premiere of his HBO show No problems hiding her affection Shaking it up! Bella Thorne shows off bikini bod as she jumps in pool while wearing boots... after claiming she was depressed Bizarre plunge     DON'T MISS Jeepers peepers! Blac Chyna wears dramatic eye makeup as she steps out without engagement ring...after reuniting with Rob Kardashian His knight in shining armor! Nick Viall takes a break from the heavy lifting and lets fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi carry their grocery bags back to car Slam dunk! Charlotte McKinney flashes flesh in revealing bodysuit and track pants during sexy photo shoot on basketball court Outrageous outfit Picture pore-fect: Billie Lourd takes beau Taylor Lautner on family vacation as they bond over beauty regimen in cute facial mask snap Sweet couple Puppy love! Demi Lovato cuddles with her two cute pooches while out in LA... before cozying up to beau Guilherme Vasconselos Dressed in all black Happiest place on earth! OITNB newleyweds Samira Wiley and Lauren Morelli take on Disneyland before heading off on honeymoon PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: 1D heartthrob Niall Horan strokes mystery brunette beauty's locks as the pair enjoy a fun-filled day out at Disneyland Lisa Marie Presley's 'thinks estranged husband Michael Lockwood tipped off paparazzi to look like a doting dad on his outing with twins' 'So cool Frida came to visit me': Madonna shares sweet photo of daughter, four, rocking rose garland Recently adopted twin girls from Malawi Krysten Ritter leaps into action as Jessica Jones in teaser for The Defenders revealing premiere date Shown in grainy, black and white footage Her workouts are paying off! Kate Hudson flaunts rock hard body in colorful bikini as she enjoys the water while on vacation in Hawaii Cooling off in the water 'I am so happy': Gwen Stefani hugs boyfriend Blake Shelton after he saves her singer with last steal on The Voice Got a huge hug as a reward from his girlfriend When in Rome! Sofia Vergara, 44, is dressed to impress in a skintight pencil skirt as she gets to work on the set of new movie Bent in Italy Looked the business Suki Waterhouse flaunts her taut abs in a striped crop top and denim hot pants as she gets to work on the set of Assassination Nation Long and shorts of it 'Came to the conclusion that I suffer depression': Bella Thorne makes candid admission on Twitter... but receives harsh reaction from some fans PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Did you for-ghetti the rest of your outfit? Pixie Lott wows in pasta-patterned lingerie as she shoots sexy new video in Hollywood  EXCLUSIVE: British aristocrat Lady Victoria Hervey fears Mel B's husband secretly taped her having wild drunken threesome with couple at their Hollywood home  Simon Cowell 'introduced Mel B to divorce lawyers in 2014 amid concerns about husband's control over her'...  while she 'begged pals not to call the cops' Mel B's ex Stephen Belafonte 'faces prosecution over bullet found at his home as agents consider firearms charges' Searched last week 'I'm complicit ... and I hope to make a positive impact': Ivanka Trump fires back at critics in first post-inauguration interview with Gayle King Dapper-less Don: Scruffy Jon Hamm dresses down in henley and khaki trousers while leaving solo lunch in LA Wore a relaxed ensemble for lunch Sheer daring! Bella Hadid exposes lacy bra in see-through bodysuit as she rocks double denim while out in NYC Exposed her lace bra and taut tummy Water baby! Eddie Murphy's girlfriend Paige Butcher gives their daughter Izzy a swimming lesson as they join Hollywood star's family in Hawaii  Something getting you down? Glum Sofia Richie flaunts her toned abs in a cropped T-shirt as she steps out days after posting cryptic Tweet 'Jumpsuits and curls!' Gabrielle Union debuts corkscrew hair and new clothing line at The Fate Of The Furious premiere The actress debuted her new collection Still super at 51: Cindy Crawford parades her model figure in snakeskin bikini on St. Barths vacation with husband daughter Kaia Looked carefree 'Have you SEEN him?': The Detour's Natalie Zea gushes about how handsome her husband Travis Schuldt is while stopping by Mom So Hard No wedding date yet! The Bachelor's Nick Viall is 'taking things slow' with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi... one month after popping the question Hi, robot! Queen Letizia of Spain is radiant in red as she and King Felipe greet a droid at a science and innovation museum in Japan Modern royals Anne Hathaway stuns in black jumpsuit as she cozies up to husband Adam Shulman for Los Angeles premiere of Colossal Oozed glamor Demi Lovato plays a racy version of the 5 Second Rule game on the Ellen DeGeneres show as she reveals there will be an R rated Camp Rock 3 All smiles! Miranda Kerr takes selfie with Korean actress Park Si Yeon and K-pop girl band Melody Day while in South Korea for lingerie launch Halsey has love scene in underwear as she makes music video directorial debut in Romeo + Juliet inspired clip Released on YouTube That's something to smile about! Rita Ora can't hide her glee while cutting an edgy figure at London gig ... as it's revealed she earned £3million in 2016 Pay it forward: Tara Reid lends helping hand as she gives money to a man in need while returning to her car in LA Heart of gold She's a fly girl! Co-pilot Caitlyn Jenner takes flight with son Brandon in a single propeller plane in Los Angeles Adrenaline junkie took to the skies Mama's in skinny jeans! June Shannon steps out with Honey Boo Boo as she finally reveals her new weight is 'in the 160s' and size five pants are 'too big' Having a Mel of a time! Mark Wahlberg chats with action man Gibson as Will Ferrell loiters in the background on set of Daddy's Home 2 Unlikely trio 'It's hard work but somebody's gotta do it': Chrissy Teigen reveals painful bruise on her leg as she brags about doing her own 'stunts' Showed her followers 'Jay was feeling it': Kristin Cavallari reveals hubby Cutler gave green light to bare-cheeks Instagram photo Got the go-ahead before posting the photo I Can't Quit You Baby! Jerry Hall has sly puff as she gets some fresh air before jewelry shopping spree in New York Spree at posh shop Bergdorf Goodman Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi uses a lip plumping device to achieve her pout after admitting she previously looked 'ridiculous' due to fillers Make-up free Nicky Hilton shows off impressive post-baby tummy in sports bra before bundling up in coat Pic with personal trainer Whitney Houston and Isabel Lucas get top billing as Casey Affleck, Rooney Mara and Ethan Hawke movies announced for Sydney Film Festival 'It would be fantastic to do something together': Justin Theroux would be happy to write a script for wife Jennifer Aniston Looking forward to getting back to writing 'Look who I spotted on a date night!': Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx captured on camera by fellow diner following years of secret romance rumors Girls star Jemima Kirke pens heart-wrenching memorial to her younger brother who died last month just shy of his 20th birthday  She blames doctor A tale of two dresses: Freida Pinto steps out in two different bright dresses as she promotes new series Guerrilla in NYC Hitting the promo trail A red dress for the red carpet! Duchess of Cambridge stuns in a crimson Marchesa gown at opening night of a Broadway musical in London's West End Chloe Sevigny suffers wardrobe malfunction as wind gust blows up her short skirt exposing her underwear Making her way down Fifth Avenue in NYC 'She likes it': Justin Theroux says wife Jennifer Aniston approves of his new poster for The Leftovers where a woman caresses his bare chest The morning after: Alec and Hilaria Baldwin dress down with son Rafael out in NYC... one day after glam red carpet appearance Headed out for a walk 'She's one of the hardest-working stars in the business': Rita Ora 'earned a whopping $3.7million in ONE year'... despite not releasing any music 'Talks are going in the right direction': Daniel Craig is 'poised to return' as James Bond... after producers claimed Tom Hiddleston is 'too smug' to play spy Sensational in Spain! Eva Longoria stuns in plunging powder blue evening gown as she attends the Global Gift Gala in Madrid Simply stunning Beyonce drops new music video for Die With You on wedding anniversary with Blue Ivy kissing her baby bump The video is a montage of family moments Make-up free Amber Rose dons skinny jeans to indulge in donuts with son Sebastian Dressed in a grey top, ultra-skinny jeans, and FILA shower slides Lena Dunham undergoes her fifth surgery for painful endometriosis and reveals she is now disease free Rid her of the condition Cheers to me! Bella Hadid sips from champagne glass while strutting around in tiny bikini on girls getaway to Cabo San Lucas Hanging with her pals 'We start shooting this fall': Sigourney Weaver, 67, lets slip sequel to the 2009 smash hit Avatar is under way and the script is 'amazing' Big news for fans Stephanie Seymour has drunk driving and other charges erased from her record after completing a yearlong rehab program for first-time offenders Iggy Azalea dons leopard ears in latest selfie as she jets to Queenstown, New Zealand after twerking in a pink leotard to promote new single First look: Heath Ledger is shown in never-seen-before footage during trailer for new documentary... nearly 10 years after his shocking death Sold! Lisa Kudrow 'offloads gorgeous Utah ski retreat for $3.6 million' Conveniently located right by skiing hot spot Deer Valley Resort Heating up Miami! Dakota Johnson looks sensational in black bikini with nude accents as she frolics with her pals on the beach in South Florida Furry nice! Hilary Duff bundles up as she arrives on the Younger set in NYC before changing into sexy outfit  A caffeine fix in hand Amanda Bynes spends her 31st birthday with life coach as she quietly moves on from troubled times It was a rare sighting of the fashion student Still a daddy's girl! Jessica Alba, 35, takes her father Mark along on business trip to New York City Actress captured their trip on Snapchat 'Bikini season!' Disgraced former NFL star Johnny Manziel's fiancée Bre Tiesi shows off fab figure as she models swimwear for social media followers From THE Dirty Dancing leather jacket to a pair of animal-print UNDERPANTS, intimate items from late actor Patrick Swayze's estate go up for auction Lady in red! Supermodel Miranda Kerr DAZZLES in chic retro-style dress at Wonderbra event in South Korea Statuesque beauty 'Oh s***!": Sugar Bear is shocked when he sees his ex Mama June's new size 4 body for the first time in teaser for the finale of From Not To Hot Childhood favorite Anne of Green Gables seen in first trailer for Netflix mini-series adaptation Spirited girl seen making way to adopted parents Hands on dad! Patrick Dempsey spends the evening with his children after flying back from Germany The 51-year-old actor was spotted in NYC  Victoria's Secret model Leomie Anderson flaunts her slender legs in a delicate pink frock slashed to the thigh as she attends the  BFC Vogue bash Shia LaBeouf's military thriller Man Down sells just one ticket at UK box office Man Down grossed just $8.70 over the premiere weekend Morgan Freeman wraps his paralyzed hand in a compression glove at 42nd Street opening night... nine years on from serious car crash  Weather the storm in style! Take a cue from Beyoncé and Reese Witherspoon and shop FEMAIL's guide to the best trench coats and rain slickers Charlize Theron oozes glamour in a strapless white gown as she cosies up to Vin Diesel at The Fate of the Furious premiere in Berlin   A break from The Weeknd! Selena Gomez gives her beau a day off as she hits Disneyland with mother, stepdad and toddler sister Family fun in Anaheim Thank you, Tom Cruise! Jessica Chastain is 'very grateful' to the star after he did her a big favor that made her career what it is today Helped her make it Have you been applying your make-up all wrong? Gwyneth Paltrow's makeup artist's guide to creating everyday look will make you rethink your routine Talking to plants is one of Charles's LEAST potty ideas! Giant Ali Baba pots. Leprechauns sitting in Greek temples. How the prince's garden is an obsession A killer look! Sofia Vergara, 44, flaunts her impressive curves as she holds a gun while shooting new movie Bent in Rome Plays 'seductive agent  As Netflix releases the first trailer for original new comedy series Girl Boss, FEMAIL rounds up Nasty Gal's hottest new spring fashion arrivals Following in his mom's footsteps: Prince Harry launches appeal to get rid of landmines - 20 years after Diana walked through Angola field littered with bombs  Fred Thompson's children drop lawsuit claiming their stepmom tried to influence the late politician and actor before he died so they would be cut from will Ivanka Trump lectures CEOs on wage equality after saying in an Equal Pay Day message: 'We must work to close the gender pay gap!' Busy, working mom David Beckham shows off his buff physique in designer gym gear after working up a sweat at SoulCycle in LA Four years since soccer stud retired  Birthday girl Paris Jackson indulges in McDonald's takeout and receives serenade from Fergie The 19-year-old had fries and a McFlurry shake  Prince stopped talking to wife Mayte when she miscarried and he refused to take her to hospital when she was bleeding because he was Jehovah's Witness Now that's a scary clown! Eric Stonestreet screams after being caught out by yet another Ellen DeGeneres prank She's done it before Kourtney Kardashian looks thrilled to visit Jurassic World set in Hawaii with her kids... but ex Scott Disick doesn't seem as happy with the trip Sir Ian McKellen reveals he turned down chance to play Dumbledore after death of Richard Harris... because he knew actor 'didn't approve' of him  'There's no more tutu!' Ellen DeGeneres Show favorite Sophia Grace looks all grown up ahead of 14th birthday... and states she's 'a bit old' for princess outfits  Lisa Marie Presley's estranged husband Michael Lockwood steps out with their twin daughters to visit flea market amid bitter divorce battle 'I guess it's time to start dressing up': Tony Romo confirms he is on way to CBS broadcast booth with picture of him donning network blazer as Cowboys QB retires  Social Network star Jesse Eisenberg and long-term girlfriend Anna Strout 'welcome first child' They've been together for 14 years 'I won't rest until I have a six pack!' Shahs Of Sunset's Reza Farahan drops a staggering 40 pounds in less than four months Before and after pictures  NBA star Stephen Curry sings Disney songs on Carpool Karaoke... thanks to his two tiny daughters Pair also played miniature golf in clip Mel B claims 'monster' husband 'got the nanny PREGNANT, forced her to have threesomes and threatened to release SEX TAPES' as she gets restraining order  Today's headlines Most Read Woman falls off California's tallest bridge trying to take a selfie as her rescue shines light on mindless... MIT graduate, 40, indicted on weapons of mass destruction and terror charges after police find explosive... Father of Hawaii's 'Peter Boy' missing for 20 years pleads guilty to manslaughter in deal that demands he... Mike Pence's Secret Service agent is suspended following his arrest for meeting a prostitute at a Maryland ... Trump opens the door to military action in Syria after branding sarin massacre an 'affront to humanity' that... 'How many children have to die before Russia cares?' Enraged US envoy waves images of children killed in... Assad's innocent victims: Father shows off twin boy and girl killed in Syria's 'sarin gas massacre', as... The Nazi death gas so horrific even Hitler feared using it: How Sarin was accidentally created in 1938...... Trump-slamming basketball coach whose North Carolina team won NCAA tournament says he might NOT let players... Steve Bannon is removed from National Security Council amid whispers Trump was unhappy aide who compared... EXCLUSIVE: As a teenager Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield at least once, could be... Ivanka says she is 'heartbroken and outraged' at 'atrocious' Syrian chemical - as she beats her father to... Trump says 'I think' Susan Rice committed a crime linked to asking for 'unmasking' of his associates' names... Susan Rice wasn't the only White House official looking to 'unmask' Trumpworld figures – and Mike Flynn... Fashion royalty! Melania Trump puts on a chic show in an emerald dress as she meets Queen Rania of Jordan at... EXCLUSIVE: Cybersecurity experts who were first to conclude that Putin hacked presidential election ABANDON... Hillary will NOT return to controversial Clinton Foundation after claims of payments for favors dogged her... Tea party senator says Donald Trump only won because Hillary Clinton was just as weak – and Joe Biden would... Last-ditch attack on Neil Gorsuch amid claims Supreme Court pick plagiarized academic papers in his book The unbuttoning of Steve Bannon: Twitter takes Trump's chief strategist to task over his love of wearing two... President Trump in 2020: Donald's daughter-in-law Lara reveals she has been hired by marketing firm to start... More good news for Trump's economy as private sector companies added 263,000 jobs in March, crushing... 'I am working on it!' Pregnant Lara Trump says she wants the President to adopt a rescue dog - as dad-to-be... Schumer says to 'stay tuned' as he leaves McConnell's office with the GOP's move to pull the trigger on the... 'F*** off': Fiery Dolce & Gabbana designer hits back at critics who attacked him for dressing Melania Trump... Spring in her step! Ivanka smiles as she steps out in a $5,000 white lace ensemble, the morning after Jared... 'She's beautiful in so many ways': Eric Trump raves about Ivanka and takes on critics saying she will be... Ni hao, Theodore: Ivanka Trump's youngest son learning Mandarin Chinese with building blocks just like big... Jared Kushner hires Hollywood horror film publicist behind The Purge and Paranormal Activity to head PR for... MORE HEADLINES PICTURED: Stunning German nanny who Mel B claims fell pregnant by her 'abusive' husband Stephen Belafonte and was paid $300,000 after she had an abortion  Kendall Jenner hides her face at the airport after Pepsi pulls her 'offensive' Black Lives Matter ad amid mounting outrage - including even Martin Luther King's daughter Trump opens the door to military action in Syria after branding sarin massacre an 'affront to humanity' that 'crossed a lot of lines' and warns: 'My attitude toward Assad has changed' UFO enthusiast mysteriously vanishes leaving behind a den filled with secret codes, 14 encrypted books and a statue of 16th Century philosopher who predicted aliens' existence Terrifying moment a stranger attempts to kidnap a baby from his pram in Dunkin' Donuts before his US father leaps to the rescue  Assad's innocent victims: Father shows off twin boy and girl killed in Syria's 'sarin gas massacre', as death toll reaches 72. But what will the world actually DO? 'In memory of the innocent lives lost to us all': Prince William leaves touching floral tribute as royals, victims' families and first responders mark two weeks since London terror attacks with Westminster Abbey service  Transsexuals are forced to stand in line for army conscription in dresses and skirts as 100,000 21-year-old men are drafted into the Thai military Widower staying with his own daughter, 13, is accused of being a PAEDOPHILE by Travelodge staff and interviewed by police all because he booked a double room  Haunting faces of the Bedlam ladies: Portraits show patients at asylum where 'problem' women were dumped by families even if they were sane.. and paying gawkers watched their cruel 'treatment'  'I disagree with my father and he knows it': Ivanka hits back at critics, insisting she DOES challenge her dad and urges people not to confuse 'lack of public denouncement with silence' EXCLUSIVE: Full House actress Jodie Sweetin - who earns $40,000 a month - ordered to pay ex $10,000 plus $2,000 a month in child support until 2026 for daughter Zoie Do you REALLY want to know what Coke does to you? Disgusting experiment shows what happens when the soft drink mixes with your stomach acid Kansas high school principal resigns one month into her new $93,000-a-year job after student reporters discover her degrees came from a 'diploma mill' 'Mostly naked' woman with webbed toes and wet hair who claims she is a MERMAID is found by cops in California Susan Rice wasn't the only White House official looking to 'unmask' Trumpworld figures – and Mike Flynn wasn't the only one exposed EXCLUSIVE: Cybersecurity experts who were first to conclude that Putin hacked presidential election ABANDON some of their claims against Russia - and refuse to co-operate with Congress EXCLUSIVE: As a teenager Kellyanne Conway dreamed of kissing rocker Rick Springfield at least once, could be found either ‘at the mall’ or ‘in trouble’ and shunned polyester and gossip  Steve Bannon is removed from National Security Council amid whispers Trump was unhappy aide who compared himself to Darth Vader and Satan was 'grabbing the limelight' St Petersburg train massacre survivors 'had their faces ripped off' in blast as it's revealed Muslim suicide bomber was radicalised two months ago on a trip to his native Kyrgyzstan 'Nothing is the same without him': Mother of Jose Fernandez's baby opens up about giving birth to their daughter five months after the Marlins pitcher died in a drug-fueled boat crash  Vile father of Kyhesha-Lee, 3, is sentenced to NINE years for her manslaughter - after court heard shocking details of how she was raped, beaten and tortured in his care F-16 jet crashed just YARDS from homes in-between two cul-de-sacs after 'routine training mission' from Joint Andrews Air Force Base went horribly wrong 'F*** off': Fiery Dolce & Gabbana designer hits back at critics who attacked him for dressing Melania Trump in one of his $2900 blazers for her official White House portrait No orange, no pants: The View host Jedediah Bila reveals the strict dress code at Fox News while Roger Ailes was in charge Hero father, 50, drowns in the Gulf of Mexico while rescuing his only daughter, 14, and her friend from a riptide Billionaire New York developer, 79, offers to pay his estranged wife, 78, $1BILLION if she will sign divorce papers and allow him to marry a younger French woman... but so far she has refused The 'confession letter written by one of Tupac's killers': Documentary maker claims it clears Suge Knight of any involvement and instead points the finger at Reggie Wright Jnr Look who just dropped in! Zoo’s cameras capture moment a rare giraffe calf is born and promptly falls 6ft to the ground  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Daily Express The Express Tribune Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 Subscribe Express News The Express Tribune Web Chutney Urdu E-Paper English E-Paper Watch Express News Live RSS Today's Paper Subscribe beta 2.1 Thursday, 06 Apr 2017 Today's Paper Advertise Home Pakistan Business Tech Videos World Opinion Life & Style Sports T.Edit Blogs Jobs Classifieds Labs Events The Express Tribune > Technology   Financial institutions risk 24 per cent revenue loss from fintech: PwC Share Tweet Financial institutions risk 24 per cent revenue loss from fintech: PwC Financ­ial instit­utions could lose much of their revenu­es to fintec­hs over the next three to five years By Reuters Published: April 6, 2017 0SHARES Share Tweet Email Large financial institutions across the world could lose 24 per cent of their revenues to financial technology companies over the next three to five years, according to a new study by PricewaterhouseCoopers. Of the more than 1300 financial industry executives polled by the professional services firm, 88 per cent said they feared their business was at risk to standalone financial technology companies in areas such as payments, money transfers and personal finance, the study found. In banking specifically, consumer services such as personal loans, were seen as most at risk, according to PwC’s annual Global FinTech Report published on Wednesday. Worldly view: Pakistan embracing global digital economy The report came as banks and other large financial firms face growing competition from a young cohort of companies that take advantage of new technologies to offer better digital services to customers, in areas ranging from financial advice to life insurance. To counter the threat, financial institutions expected to increase their collaboration with fintech companies, with 82 per cent of respondents saying partnerships with tech-savvy firms would increase over the next three to five years, the PwC report found. To improve their digital offering and remain competitive, large firms have been looking to work more closely with young technology companies through a number of initiatives such as corporate venture arms and innovation centers. In his annual shareholder letter published on Tuesday, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive Jamie Dimon highlighted some of the bank’s most recent collaborations with fintech companies in areas including mortgages, small business lending and payments. Rocket Internet’s global venture fund is now worth a billion dollars While collaboration is on the rise, entrepreneurs and executives often note that several hurdles are hindering more effective cooperation. IT security, regulatory uncertainty and differences in management and culture, were cited by respondents to PwC’s report as major challenges hindering partnerships. In particular, data privacy rules, as well as anti-money laundering and know-your-customer rules were seen as the biggest regulatory barriers to developing more innovative services. The report also highlighted how interest in record-keeping technology blockchain continues to grow in finance, with investments in blockchain companies growing 79 per cent year over year in 2016 to $450 million. While adoption of the nascent technology is not expected to happen quickly, the survey found 55 per cent  of respondents planned to adopt it by next year, and 77 per cent by 2020. Read more: Fintech , PWC , Start-ups Read full story Recommended Stories Forget about Bitcoin. Invest in gold to stay financially secure The fintech startup democratizes access to gold purchases This real estate start-up will help you invest with as little as Rs50,000 Start-up offers entry-level ticket to own small stakes in commercial or residential property TransferWise launches international money transfers via Facebook Service will be the first to enable international money transfers within Facebook's Messenger Facebook Conversations Leave Your Reply Below Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Email Location Your comments may appear in The Express Tribune paper. For this reason we encourage you to provide your city. The Express Tribune does not bear any responsibility for user comments. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Comments are moderated and generally will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive. For more information, please see our Comments FAQ. Most Read 1 6, including four soldiers, martyred in Lahore suicide blast 2 Pakistani Fulbright scholar denied entry into US despite valid visa 3 I’m proud to be a Muslim: Bella Hadid 4 NED startup builds house in 3 hours for under Rs250,000 5 WATCH: Local team in Kashmir sings Pakistan national anthem 6 Move away from agriculture, Chinese economist advises 7 Stanford University accepts Muslim student who wrote #BlackLivesMatter 100 times in admissions essay 8 Pakistan stops visa on arrival for foreigners 9 Former army officer killed in Karachi 10 Lahore police’s new look gives citizens a jolt Connect With Tribune News Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Get news delivered to your inbox Your Email Address Great! You'll get your first email soon. Recent Slideshows Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (April 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (March 2017) Comic Wisdom - by Sabir Nazar (February 2017) Fashion Under One Roof More in TechnologyUS judge warns Uber in Waymo self-driving car case © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] Pakistan Sindh Punjab Balochistan KP & FATA Jammu & Kashmir Gilgit Baltistan Life & Style Books Music TV & Film Fashion Food Gossip Videos Slideshows Videos Opinion Editorial Letters A -- Z Blogs Business World Sports Technology Magazine WebChutney Others About us Online Advertising RSS Feeds Google+ Subscribe to the Paper Contact us Careers Style Guide Privacy Policy Copyrights Code of ethics This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, redistributed or derived from. Unless otherwise stated, all content is copyrighted © 2017 The Express Tribune. Technical feedback? [email protected] facebook twitter whatsapp
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lancashire Holdings Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock $0.00 in Sales Expected for Horiba Ltd (HRIBF) This Quarter RPM International (RPM) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.20 Southside Bancshares (SBSI) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” Ford Motor Company (F) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Brinker International (EAT) Share Price Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share $2.34 Earnings Per Share Expected for International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect 3M Co (MMM) Will Post Earnings of $2.06 Per Share Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Alphabet (GOOG) Stock Price Financial Engines (FNGN) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.31 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Effect Invesco (IVZ) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Hecla Mining Company (HL) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Paper (IP) Share Price Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Hertz Global Holdings, Inc (HTZ) Bonds Drop 2.8% During Trading Tandy Leather Factory, Inc. (TLF) Director Purchases $76,275.85 in Stock Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) insider Alex Maloney sold 59,539 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 672 ($8.39), for a total value of £400,102.08 ($499,440.87). Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LON:LRE) opened at 666.00 on Thursday. Lancashire Holdings Limited has a 12 month low of GBX 467.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 775.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.32 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 695.58 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 688.16. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Shareholders of record on Thursday, February 23rd were paid a dividend of GBX 0.10 ($0.00) per share. This represents a yield of 1.08%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, February 23rd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Alex Maloney Sells 59,539 Shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited (LRE) Stock” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/alex-maloney-sells-59539-shares-of-lancashire-holdings-limited-lre-stock.html. Several analysts have weighed in on the company. Canaccord Genuity upped their target price on Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 600 ($7.49) to GBX 630 ($7.86) and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Macquarie upped their target price on Lancashire Holdings Limited from GBX 489 ($6.10) to GBX 530 ($6.62) and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “underweight” rating and issued a GBX 595 ($7.43) target price on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Numis Securities Ltd downgraded Lancashire Holdings Limited to a “hold” rating and upped their price objective for the company from GBX 720 ($8.99) to GBX 735 ($9.17) in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Peel Hunt restated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 630 ($7.86) price objective on shares of Lancashire Holdings Limited in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 660.18 ($8.24). Lancashire Holdings Limited Company Profile Lancashire Holdings Limited is a holding company. The Company’s principal activity, through its subsidiaries, is the provision of global specialty insurance and reinsurance products. The Company operates through five segments: Property, Energy, Marine, Aviation and Lloyd’s. It underwrites worldwide, insurance and reinsurance contracts that transfer insurance risk, including risks exposed to both natural and man-made catastrophes. Receive News & Ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lancashire Holdings Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Howard Hughes' former Tahoe estate for sale News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Americans caught up in cataclysm SUNY Poly has new plans for CMOST space 2017's academic rankings of New York's top public colleges GlobalFoundries eyes job cuts at East Fishkill fab Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Yankees' offense can't solve Cobb New rules could shut out pitchers Colon sharp in his return Leon homers to cap long Boston victory Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Number Of The Day Fed plans throw cold water on rally Rezone for Crossgates hotel OK'd by Guilderland Energy companies rise, banks fall Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Pepsi pulls Kendall Jenner ad Picks of the week Movie Talk Who's coming here soon Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Fruits and veggies: The Dirty Dozen and the Clean 15 Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Chicken thighs, olives perfect for a Seder 20 experiences every Capital Region kid should have before Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Baby Barlette has arrived! National Security Council website goes offline Cuomo bids farewell to lawmakers, whether they’re ready to Albany Dutchmen get new digs for 2017 TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Churchill: Shen vote was a victory for honesty Rock, run through Spa park Storms could cause minor flooding on Hudson River Thursday Back injury blurs Dustin Johnson's favorite status at Masters Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Co-working spaces gain foothold in Capital Region Deeds & Deals Dance coach takes two steps forward in canyon House of the Week: Post and beam in Wilton Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Wedding registry freebies and retail deals Have you tried Ebates? Sign up and get a $10 bonus Disney World on a budget: Tips and tricks to help you save Save for college or retirement? Expert tips to help you do both MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Fed-plans-throw-cold-water-on-rally-11053802.php Fed plans throw cold water on rally Position on inflation and Trump's stimulus plan put brakes on increase Marley Jay, Associated Press Published 10:28 pm, Wednesday, April 5, 2017 Photo: Daniel Acker Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 A Panera Bread salad is arranged for a photograph in Tiskilwa, Illinois, on Oct. 22, 2015. MUST CREDIT: Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. A Panera Bread salad is arranged for a photograph in Tiskilwa, Illinois, on Oct. 22, 2015. MUST CREDIT: Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Photo: Daniel Acker Fed plans throw cold water on rally 1 / 1 Back to Gallery New York A big rally in U.S. stocks evaporated Wednesday as the Federal Reserve appeared to struggle with questions related to inflation and government policy and suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks had jumped early on after payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 263,000 jobs in March, which was more than analysts expected. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an all-time intraday high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. But stocks halted their advance and started falling at 2 p.m. Eastern, when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. The minutes showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed's bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Donald Trump's stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars' worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds matured, it continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent from 2.36 percent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped $1.12, or 1.3 percent, to $86.19 and BB&T shed 56 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $43.98. Soup and sandwich chain Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for $315 a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet's Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock jumped in recent days thanks to rumors about a deal. It rose $38.94, or 14.2 percent, to $312.94. The stock was trading at $230 a share a month ago. Most Popular 1 Driver in deadly wreck denounced for suggesting victim was... 2 Clifton Park man charged in road rage incident 3 Minor flooding in Troy, Waterford as region braces for more... 4 These high school journalists investigated a new principal’s... 5 A.M. Roundup: Hump day budget breakthrough 6 Voters reject Shenendehowa land sale 7 Warrant Wednesday: Troopers hunt for alleged drug smuggler View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe Iconic Dishes Trinity River Guide Newcomer's Guide Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Boeing's new business unit will occupy this building at Legacy West. Business Sixteen Years Later, Boeing Picks North Texas For A Division HQ Aerospace giant, which left Dallas at the altar in 2001, will locate its new Global Services unit in West Plano. By Glenn Hunter Published in Commercial Real Estate April 5, 2017 5:48 pm When the Boeing Co. picked Chicago over Dallas and Denver for its new corporate headquarters back in 2001, it rattled Big D into a period of self-reflection that, some say, helped jump-start new development in the central business district area. (The wife of Boeing’s then-CEO was said to have considered Dallas’ downtown a cultural backwater compared to the Windy City’s.) So, North Texas got a kind of revenge Tuesday when the aerospace giant announced it had selected a site here for the headquarters of its new Global Services business unit. The new division will be in Plano, not Dallas—but, hey, it’s close enough. Boeing’s new unit, which will be the company’s third major business division when it becomes operational in July, will occupy 18,000 square feet on a top floor at the 5905 Legacy Drive building in Legacy West, a mixed-use development in West Plano. President and CEO Stanley A. Deal leads the  Global Services unit, which was formed in November from the customer services groups within Boeing’s existing defense, space, and commercial sectors to “provide agile, cost-competitive services to commercial and defense customers worldwide,” the company said. About 50 people, including Deal, several of his leadership team members, and some support staff, will work in the leased space, which will serve as a central business hub for about 20,000 employees worldwide. Boeing will join other major tenants in the $3 billion Legacy West project including Toyota North America, FedEx Office, JPMorgan Chase, Liberty Mutual, Ryan LLC, and SAP America. In a statement, Texas Gov. Greg Abbott said, “Texas continues to be a global powerhouse in business expansion and relocation because of our economic policies that encourage industry leaders, like Boeing, to expand their operations here.” Boeing already has a presence in North Texas with its Aviall and Jeppesen companies. Business Most Popular Dallas Laundry Startup Sells to Procter & Gamble By Danielle Abril Dallas' Sean and Catherine Lowe Unveil Their Own Furniture Line By Emily Esleck Hot Property: A Timeless New Build in University Park By Caitlin Clark History of Dallas Food: The Bowen House By Nancy Nichols Dallas Menswear Startup Mizzen+Main Lands First Institutional Investor By Danielle Abril Keep me up to date on the latest happenings and all that D Magazine has to offer. Related Content Business Dallas 500: The C-Suite Gable Mansfield Business Dallas 500: Leading Industries Glenn Hunter Business Dallas 500: Education and Healthcare Gable Mansfield State Fair of Texas Texas Exes Tailgate Staci Parks Comments D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 48 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM APR 6, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 6, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 48 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Stocks wither as Fed throws cold water on early rally By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published 8 hours ago    •    Updated 8 hours ago FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are jumping early Wednesday, April 5, 2017, after a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong in the previous month. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File) FILE - This Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange at sunset, in lower Manhattan. U.S. stocks are jumping early Wednesday, April 5, 2017, after a survey of private businesses showed that hiring was very strong in the previous month. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • A big rally in U.S. stocks evaporated Wednesday as the Federal Reserve appeared to struggle with questions related to inflation and government policy and suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks had jumped early on after payroll processor ADP said private U.S. businesses added 263,000 jobs in March, which was more than analysts expected. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq composite reached an all-time intraday high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. But stocks halted their advance and started falling at noon Mountain time when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The minutes showed Fed officials discussing plans to reduce the Fed's bond holdings later this year and disagreeing over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Donald Trump's stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 7.21 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 41.09 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell 34.13 points, or 0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 16.03 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars' worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds mature, it has continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent from 2.36 percent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped $1.12, or 1.3 percent, to $86.19 and BB&T shed 56 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $43.98. Banks made strong gains in early trading but they wound up with much bigger losses than the rest of the market. For the last couple of months it seemed investors and the Fed understood each other well, as the central bank indicated it intended to keep raising interest rates gradually assuming the economy continued to grow at a steady clip. It raised rates in December and March. The uncertainty reflected in the Fed's March meeting may challenge that understanding. Soup and sandwich chain Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for $315 a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet's Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock jumped in recent days thanks to rumors about a deal. It rose $38.94, or 14.2 percent, to $312.94. The stock was trading at $230 a share a month ago. Early Wednesday, U.S. and European regulators approved the sale of Swiss agribusiness Syngenta to ChemChina. ChemChina will have to sell some businesses to complete the $43 billion deal, but those rulings may have made investors more hopeful that two other giant chemical deals will be approved. Dow Chemical and DuPont, which plan to combine, both rose. Dow Chemical gained 32 cents to $63.52 and DuPont added 67 cents to $80.47. Monsanto reported profit and sales that were far better than analysts expected. Monsanto said profits from its corn and soybean businesses grew in the fiscal second quarter. It also backed its forecasts for the year and said its sale to Bayer of Germany should close by the end of the year. The stock rose $1.10, or 1 percent, to $115.31. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES BYU and UVU scientists question research offered at a conference on the Book of Mormon Jennifer Rubin: The Syrian genocide is now Trump's problem Mormon leader Monson remains hospitalized; no word on when he might go home Cyclist Stephen Tilford one of 2 dead in crash on I-70 near Utah-Colorado border University of Utah announces plans for varsity esports team ELEVATE You may be procrastinating on your taxes if...   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Images from Syria too awful to look at, and too important to look away 8,000 Uber, Lyft, ride-hailing drivers fail new background checks Donald Trump-branded statecraft includes profit for the president Red Sox beat Pirates on Sandy Leon’s HR Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Stocks wither as Fed signals its plans E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Associated Press  April 05, 2017 A big rally in US stocks evaporated Wednesday as the Federal Reserve appeared to struggle with questions related to inflation and government policy and suggested it might start trimming its balance sheet later in the year. Stocks had jumped early on after payroll processor ADP said private businesses added 263,000 jobs in March, more than analysts expected. The Dow Jones industrial average rose as much as 198 points, and the Nasdaq reached an all-time intraday high. Industrial and energy companies made some of the largest gains. Advertisement But stocks started falling at 2 p.m. Eastern, when the Federal Reserve disclosed the minutes from its policy meeting last month. They show Fed officials discussed plans to reduce the Fed’s bond holdings later this year and disagreed over whether it would be safe to let inflation rise faster and how to deal with the economic impact of President Trump’s stimulus ideas. The Standard & Poor’s 500 lost 0.3 percent, to 2,352.95. The Dow sank 0.2 percent, to 20,648.15. The Nasdaq fell0.6 percent, to 5,864.48. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks lost 1.2 percent, to 1,352.14. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here The Federal Reserve bought trillions of dollars’ worth of bonds during the financial crisis of 2008-09 in an effort to stimulate the economy. When its bonds mature, it has continued to buy new ones. But now, the Fed may stop buying new bonds when older ones mature, which would gradually shrink the size of its holdings. That sent bond prices surging and yields tumbling. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.33 percent from 2.36 percent. When bond yields fall, interest rates fall with them. That tends to hurt banks because it means reduced profits on lending, and banks took the largest losses Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase dropped 1.3 percent, as did BB&T. Panera agreed to be acquired by JAB Holding of Europe for $315 a share. JAB has quietly become a rival to Starbucks in recent years as it owns, or has a large stake in, a series of brands that includes Peet’s Coffee & Tea, Caribou Coffee, Stumptown Coffee, Keurig Green Mountain and Krispy Kreme Doughnuts. Panera stock rose 14.2 percent. Advertisement Monsanto reported profit and sales far better than expected. The stock rose 1 percent. Greenbrier, which makes railroad freight car equipment, announced a bigger profit and better sales than expected; the stock climbed 10 percent. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News TEN Ltd. Announces Closing of Public Offering of Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares, including Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares /EINPresswire.com/ — ATHENS, GREECE–(Marketwired – Apr 5, 2017) – TEN Ltd. („TEN”) (NYSE: TNP), a leading diversified crude, product and LNG tanker operator, today announced the closing of its successful public offering of 4,600,000 Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares („Series E Preferred Shares”), including 600,000 Series E Preferred Shares issued upon the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares. The public offering price was $25.00 per share. The gross proceeds of the offering were $115.0 million. TEN intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include vessel acquisitions and/or strategic investments. TEN has filed an application to list the Series E Preferred Shares on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley, UBS Investment Bank, J.P. Morgan, Citigroup and Stifel acted as joint bookrunners for the offering. BNP PARIBAS and DVB Capital Markets acted as co-managers for the offering. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, telephone: 1-866-718-1649, email: prospectus@morganstanley.com; UBS Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Specialist, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, 10019, telephone: (888) 827-7275; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, telephone: 1-212-834-4533; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: + 1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free) or Stifel at One South Street, 15th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, Attn: Syndicate Department, or telephone: 1-855-300-7136, or e-mail: syndprospectus@stifel.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. ABOUT TSAKOS ENERGY NAVIGATION TEN, founded in 1993, is one of the first and most established public shipping companies in the world today. TEN’s pro-forma fleet, including four Aframax tankers under construction, consists of 65 double-hull vessels, constituting a mix of crude tankers, product tankers and LNG carriers, totaling 7.2 million dwt. Of these, 45 vessels trade in crude, 15 in products, three are shuttle tankers and two are LNG carriers. Visit our company website at: http://www.tenn.gr ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted by such forward-looking statements. TEN undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious GynTect soon available in China Next PostNext SmartDraw Software Launches SmartDraw 2017 Search Recent Posts Le CMMI® Institute annonce une croissance record pour la cinquième année consécutive Congresswoman Sinema Honored as BIO Legislator of the Year Zayo Group, LLC Upsizes and Prices $550 Million Senior Notes Offering CenterPoint Energy, Inc. to Host Webcast of First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call on May 5, 2017 Sandstorm Gold Announces Completion of Luna Gold/JDL Gold Combination, Files Early Warning Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Independent Political Report Covering third parties and independent candidates since 2008 Menu Skip to content Home About IPR Traffic Court Advertising At IPR DMCA Removal RSS Search Social Networks Subscribe To IPR Stephen Millies at Workers World: ‘The real loan sharks’ Leave a reply Stephen Millies at Workers World Party: The feds have arrested 10 “wise guys” for loan sharking in New York City’s Howard Beach, a neighborhood made notorious by the racist mob killing of African-American Michael Griffith in 1986. The gangsters allegedly hauled in $26 million over 17 years. (New York Daily News, March 29) That’s chump change. The REAL loan sharks made as much money in just 80 minutes last year. U.S. bank profits were $171.3 billion in 2016, or $468 million per day. (CNN Money, March 3) This loot is stolen from all over the planet: Africa, Asia and Latin America are forced to provide a reverse blood transfusion for U.S. and European banks. South Africa had to pay over $8 billion a year on loans that had propped up the former apartheid regime. (Green Left Weekly, Dec. 10, 1997) President Nelson Mandela wanted to use that money for jobs, schools and housing, but the banksters took it instead. Banks put Zimbabwe under a credit blockade because land stolen by white settlers has been turned over to African farmers. Unpayable debts to foreign banks forced over 1.5 million people to leave Ecuador because the country’s currency was destroyed. (New York Times, April 3) The loan sharks at Salomon Smith Barney — now part of Citibank — were responsible. (AlterNet, Nov. 26, 2008) Ecuador’s progressive President Rafael Correa stopped this robbery. Almost a tenth of Puerto Ricans have fled their beautiful island because of the U.S. colony’s debt crisis. (Financial Times, Aug. 25, 2016) U.S. banks are imposing cutbacks and wholesale firings of government workers as part of a debt payment scheme. The real Dr. Evil — David Rockefeller — conspired with other banksters to fire 10,000 teachers and 40,000 other public workers during New York City’s financial crisis in the mid-1970s. Greek workers are today being crucified by German and U.S. banks demanding austerity. Stealing homes is criminal In the eight years from 2007 to 2014, 5.4 million houses in the United States were repossessed by financial institutions. (bobsullivan.net) Kicking children out of their homes is a crime — yet it happens every day in this country. One of the first acts of the Cuban Revolution was to limit a family’s rent and utility payments to no more than 10 percent of their income. No child is homeless in socialist Cuba. But at least 25,000 children are homeless in the capital of capitalism, New York City. Meanwhile, JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon got $28 million last year. (Reuters, Jan. 10) That’s $2 million more than what the Howard Beach bandits supposedly took over 17 years. Dimon got as much money as 1,856 workers earning the federal minimum wage of $7.25 per hour, if they are lucky enough to work full time the entire year. Detroit suffered a dry “Hurricane Katrina” because of foreclosures. Since 1980, Motown’s population has dropped by over 500,000 people. Deliberate deindustrialization, aimed at driving Black workers out of basic industry, was responsible for much of the earlier population loss. But the wave of foreclosures in the last decade pushed more people out. Driving Black homeowners out of Michigan may have accounted for Donald Trump winning the state, although by less than 11,000 votes. The whole world knows how children in Flint, Mich., were poisoned by lead pipes and dirty water from the Flint River. Flint used to get clean water from Detroit. Acting for the banks, Michigan Gov. Snyder imposed a financial manager upon Flint who cut off the water supply from Motown. The Detroit Water and Sewage Commission was pushed into crisis by banker skulduggery. According to Jerry Goldberg of the Moratorium NOW! Coalition, “Termination fees on interest rate swaps represent $537 million of the $1.1 billion borrowed for infrastructure repair and maintenance.” (Workers World, July 8, 2015) So many people in Detroit had their water shut off that the United Nations wanted to investigate. (CBS News, Oct. 20, 2014) Plastic robbery Credit cards charging almost 25 percent annual interest is legalized loan sharking. Just in late fees, MasterCard, Visa and the rest of the thieves dealing in plastic make billions. Banks even contrive to make money off EBT (Electronic Benefit Transfer) cards that people have to use to access their benefits. Many states allow lenders to make “payday loans” with annual interest rates of over 100 percent. Those Howard Beach wise guys should be jealous. ATM fees are robbery. Why should you have to pay $3 to access your own money? Reducing or eliminating ATM fees would be widely popular. Don’t count on Democrats in Congress to do anything about it. Even worse off are poor people without bank accounts or credit cards. Banks often discourage small depositors. In New York state, outfits cashing paychecks can charge $2.07 out of every $100. In other states, they can gouge even more money from the poorest workers. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) This entry was posted in Socialist/left parties on April 5, 2017 by Wang Tang-Fu. Post navigation ← Mark Anderson: Despite Paul, Amash, and Massie the Republican Party is Not Open to Libertarianism Ralph Nader: ‘Self-Censored Questions by Career Questioners’ → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Social Networks IPR on Twitter Facebook IPR page Facebook IPR group Search for: CategoriesCategories Select Category Constitution Party  (1,855) Green Party  (3,683) Independents  (2,688) Libertarian Party  (8,218) Liberty/Free Market Parties  (132) Non-left/right parties  (1,236) open threads  (100) Proposition 14  (126) Right-wing minor parties  (960) Socialist/left parties  (1,632) Third parties, general  (1,304) Uncategorized  (216) Recent Comments Deran on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Thane Eichenauer (@ilovegrover) on Police Report: Augustus Invictus accused of domestic violence, sexual assault, kidnapping, terroristic threats Libertyjack on Police Report: Augustus Invictus accused of domestic violence, sexual assault, kidnapping, terroristic threats Fire in the Belly on Police Report: Augustus Invictus accused of domestic violence, sexual assault, kidnapping, terroristic threats Jill Pyeatt on Police Report: Augustus Invictus accused of domestic violence, sexual assault, kidnapping, terroristic threats Jill Pyeatt on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Wallace Reagan Trump on Police Report: Augustus Invictus accused of domestic violence, sexual assault, kidnapping, terroristic threats Andy on Tom Knapp: ‘Poison Pill in the LP Immigration Platform Plank’ Wallace Reagan Trump on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Anonymous on Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus Andy on Tom Knapp: ‘Poison Pill in the LP Immigration Platform Plank’ paulie on Tom Knapp: ‘Poison Pill in the LP Immigration Platform Plank’ Andy on Tom Knapp: ‘Poison Pill in the LP Immigration Platform Plank’ Wang Tang-Fu on LP.org: Two more Republican officeholders join the LP Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus | Independent Political Report on Police Report: Augustus Invictus accused of domestic violence, sexual assault, kidnapping, terroristic threats Richard Winger on LP.org: Two more Republican officeholders join the LP Just Some Random Guy on April 2017 Open Thread Andy on Tom Knapp: ‘Poison Pill in the LP Immigration Platform Plank’ Wang Tang-Fu on LP.org: Two more Republican officeholders join the LP Wang Tang-Fu on LNC seeks audio-visual services vendor for 2018 LP National Convention Recent Entries Update on rape, assault, kidnapping and witness tampering allegations against Augustus Invictus April 5, 2017 LNC seeks audio-visual services vendor for 2018 LP National Convention April 5, 2017 LSLA Conference 2017 April 5, 2017 LP.org: Two more Republican officeholders join the LP April 5, 2017 Candidates Jointly File To Declare Special Election in 197th District Null and Void April 5, 2017 Ralph Nader: ‘Self-Censored Questions by Career Questioners’ April 5, 2017 Stephen Millies at Workers World: ‘The real loan sharks’ April 5, 2017 Mark Anderson: Despite Paul, Amash, and Massie the Republican Party is Not Open to Libertarianism April 5, 2017 Tennessee Legislature punts ballot access reform to 2018 April 5, 2017 Tom Knapp: ‘Poison Pill in the LP Immigration Platform Plank’ April 5, 2017 April 2017 Open Thread April 5, 2017 Larry Sharpe: Libertarian Generation April 4, 2017 Police Report: Augustus Invictus accused of domestic violence, sexual assault, kidnapping, terroristic threats April 3, 2017 Illinois Libertarian candidates win federal lawsuit against law making it illegal for medical marijuana groups to contribute to candidates April 3, 2017 LP.org blog: In Oxnard, Starr keeps fighting April 3, 2017 Darryl W. Perry: ‘The tyranny of occupational licensing’ April 3, 2017 Ginger Jentzen at Socialist Alternative: ‘Minneapolis Elections: Big Business and DFL establishment join forces’ April 3, 2017 William Saturn: ‘The Politics of Fun’ April 3, 2017 Rocky De La Fuente Keeps His Georgia Ballot Access Case Alive April 3, 2017 Libertarian Vindicator: Donald Trump’s First 100 Days Report Card From A Libertarian Perspective April 3, 2017 Contributors' Blogs California Libertarian Report Free Virginia Green Party Watch Hammer of Truth Kn@ppster Liberty Point On The Wilder Side Saturn's Repository The NAP Pledge Uncovered Politics News Sources American Third Party Report Ballot Access News Free And Equal Freedom Gulch Green Party Watch Liberation News Liberty for America Opposition News People's World The Green Papers The Militant Workers World World Socialist Website Other Blogs Lew Rockwell Libertarian Solution Nader Blog Reason Hit & Run Socialist Webzine The North Star The Punk Patriot The Think3 Institute Other Websites Libertarian Majority Politics1 US Election Atlas Party Websites Constitution Party Green Party of the US Justice Party Libertarian Party Peace and Freedom Party Reform Party Socialist Party USA Vermont Progressive Party Readers' Blogs Ballot Access News City Church of New Orleans Free Press Publications Nick Sarwark Old Dominion Libertarian Outright Libertarians Proportional Representation Party Archives Archives Select Month April 2017  (33) March 2017  (66) February 2017  (30) January 2017  (28) December 2016  (28) November 2016  (80) October 2016  (100) September 2016  (100) August 2016  (119) July 2016  (104) June 2016  (127) May 2016  (188) April 2016  (112) March 2016  (90) February 2016  (94) January 2016  (162) December 2015  (162) November 2015  (152) October 2015  (132) September 2015  (144) August 2015  (132) July 2015  (156) June 2015  (104) May 2015  (140) April 2015  (210) March 2015  (232) February 2015  (208) January 2015  (188) December 2014  (120) November 2014  (116) October 2014  (118) September 2014  (28) August 2014  (122) July 2014  (198) June 2014  (168) May 2014  (152) April 2014  (142) March 2014  (116) February 2014  (156) January 2014  (236) December 2013  (208) November 2013  (110) October 2013  (116) September 2013  (128) August 2013  (166) July 2013  (174) June 2013  (374) May 2013  (251) April 2013  (164) March 2013  (148) February 2013  (72) January 2013  (68) December 2012  (32) November 2012  (82) October 2012  (268) September 2012  (102) August 2012  (84) July 2012  (106) June 2012  (166) May 2012  (178) April 2012  (150) March 2012  (70) February 2012  (82) January 2012  (152) December 2011  (92) November 2011  (60) October 2011  (156) September 2011  (222) August 2011  (64) July 2011  (50) June 2011  (112) May 2011  (100) April 2011  (112) March 2011  (254) February 2011  (196) January 2011  (256) December 2010  (98) November 2010  (302) October 2010  (328) September 2010  (282) August 2010  (293) July 2010  (284) June 2010  (234) May 2010  (373) April 2010  (258) March 2010  (150) February 2010  (248) January 2010  (168) December 2009  (290) November 2009  (78) October 2009  (69) September 2009  (228) August 2009  (131) July 2009  (128) June 2009  (68) May 2009  (84) April 2009  (238) March 2009  (132) February 2009  (178) January 2009  (252) December 2008  (362) November 2008  (364) October 2008  (346) September 2008  (412) August 2008  (218) July 2008  (289) June 2008  (305) May 2008  (176) Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Recent News Demolition market close to eruption, as owners hold out for higher prices Why VLCC Rates in West Africa are Firming DSME and DNV GL partner for efficient LNG carrier design Focus & Simplicity is the headline of NORDEN’s strategy – And both focus and simplicity were needed in 2016 says Chairman CMM, HHI, Wärtsila and DNV GL reveal LPGreen concept design Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Shipping News / International Shipping News / Seadrill in a Free Fall Is Fodder for Day Traders as Hope Fades Seadrill in a Free Fall Is Fodder for Day Traders as Hope Fades in International Shipping News 06/04/2017 Seadrill Ltd., once the crown jewel of billionaire John Fredriksen’s business empire, is now at the mercy of short-term speculators as the biggest funds avoid the offshore driller amid a struggle to avoid bankruptcy. “It’s trading at option value and day traders are the ones pushing the price up and down,” Anders Bergland, an analyst at Clarksons Platou Securities AS, said Tuesday, right after the company again warned shareholders and bond investors they were facing steep losses in any restructuring deal. “There are no funds buying this right now, it’s trading.” Seadrill fell 28 percent on Wednesday to 6.275 kroner, after sliding 38 percent the day before, already to a record low. The company has been working on a restructuring of the offshore-drilling industry’s biggest debt load for more than a year. With net interest-bearing debt of $8.9 billion at the end of 2016, Seadrill has been particularly exposed as oil companies slashed spending following the collapse of crude prices in 2014. ‘Train Wreck’ The risks of equity dilution and bankruptcy had been voiced by the company earlier and should in any case have been “obvious,” said Alex Brooks, an analyst in London at Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. who stopped covering Seadrill last month after following the stock on and off for nearly eight years. “We seem to see this over and over again: shareholders are willing to trade stocks on hope value right up until the moment the train wreck becomes obvious,” he said in an email. “It’s astonishing, and probably reflects rather badly on people like me who are unable to get our message out.” Seadrill has lost 97 percent of its value since the middle of 2014, contributing to a more than 40 percent drop in Fredriksen’s net worth, which is currently estimated by the Bloomberg Billionaire Index at about $9.7 billion. The biggest sellers of the shares last year included Barclays Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The company said on Tuesday it got further extensions on bank loans totaling $2.9 billion, allowing it to again postpone the deadline for a restructuring deal by three months to the end of July. Warning shareholders they faced “minimal recovery” of their positions, Seadrill said a comprehensive agreement with creditors would “likely involve schemes of arrangement or chapter 11 proceedings,” eventualities that had previously been mentioned by the company in case a deal was not reached. The announcement was “largely expected,” even if Seadrill shares rallied more than 20 percent in the week that preceded it, said Sondre Stormyr of Danske Bank AB. “The most surprising thing to us recently is that the stock bounced back a bit, implying a flawed representation of the restructuring power between equity, bondholders and potential new money investors,” he said in an email. “This is now sharply correcting, which is fair.” Fredriksen, a Norwegian-born Cypriot who acts as Seadrill’s chairman and owns about 24 percent of the company, said last week the company was getting closer to a restructuring agreement, though it was a “big job.” He repeated that in an interview with Dagens Naeringsliv on Tuesday, adding Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection was only one option among others and that how much capital he puts into the company will depend on the solution. Source: Bloomberg 2017-04-06 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Previous: Hamburg Süd is one of the most reliable shipping companies in the world Next: Ecoslops Looking To Expand In Various Locations As It Nearly Doubles Revenues And Reports A Strong Decrease In Operating Losses Related News Demolition market close to eruption, as owners hold out for higher prices 06/04/2017 Why VLCC Rates in West Africa are Firming 06/04/2017 DSME and DNV GL partner for efficient LNG carrier design 06/04/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos April 5 Energy Commentary: Todd Colvin 05/04/2017 Port of Los Angeles Live Stream 05/04/2017 50 ans de conteneurisation / 50 years of containerization 05/04/2017 A Helicopter Ride Offshore | 360 Video 05/04/2017 Lazaro Cardenas Sub 05/04/2017 Time Lapse: Cranes in the West Basin 05/04/2017 April 4 Energy Commentary; Bob Iaccino 04/04/2017 カミ丸6 一般貨物船 日本興運 M/V KAMI MARU NO.6 2017-JAN 04/04/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EMCORE Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Expect EMCORE Co. (EMKR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.06 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Will Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share -$0.24 EPS Expected for Red Lion Hotels Co. (RLH) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Will Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Genel Energy PLC (GENL) Asanko Gold Inc (AKG) Stock Rating Upgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Emcor Group Inc Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (EME) NB Global Floating Rate Income Fund Ltd (NBLS) Plans Dividend Increase – GBX 0.90 Per Share Insider Buying: Currency Exchange International Corp (CXI) Director Buys 1,500 Shares of Stock Alan Glazer Sells 10,000 Shares of Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Stock Alfred John Jr. Knapp Purchases 50,000 Shares of VAALCO Energy, Inc. (EGY) Stock CI Financial Corp (CIX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Washington Real Estate Investment Trust (WRE) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.06 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Stage Stores (SSI) Stock Price Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Stage Stores (SSI) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Likely to Effect Spirit AeroSystems Holdings (SPR) Share Price Positive Media Coverage Likely to Effect Spirit AeroSystems Holdings (SPR) Share Price American States Water Co (AWR) Insider Denise L. Kruger Sells 1,250 Shares Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) VP Christopher T. Jones Sells 240 Shares Zacks: Brokerages Expect EMCORE Co. (EMKR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.06 Per Share April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect EMCORE Co. (NASDAQ:EMKR) to report earnings per share of $0.06 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Three analysts have provided estimates for EMCORE’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is $0.08 and the lowest is $0.05. The business is expected to report its next quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that EMCORE will report full-year earnings of $0.34 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.30 to $0.42. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the firm will report earnings of $0.39 per share. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that follow EMCORE. EMCORE (NASDAQ:EMKR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.13 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $30.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $29.03 million. EMCORE had a return on equity of 3.84% and a net margin of 9.06%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 34.2% on a year-over-year basis. Several research analysts have weighed in on EMKR shares. Lake Street Capital boosted their price objective on EMCORE from $9.00 to $12.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Zacks Investment Research cut EMCORE from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Dougherty & Co boosted their price objective on EMCORE from $10.50 to $12.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. TheStreet raised EMCORE from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $11.50 price objective on shares of EMCORE in a research report on Sunday, February 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $11.31. EMCORE (NASDAQ:EMKR) traded down 1.18% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $8.40. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 398,259 shares. EMCORE has a one year low of $4.90 and a one year high of $10.50. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $9.14 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.80. The stock has a market cap of $223.31 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.63 and a beta of 0.73. In other news, CEO Jeffrey Rittichier sold 38,220 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.15, for a total transaction of $311,493.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 196,157 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,598,679.55. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 0.77% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY boosted its position in shares of EMCORE by 86.9% in the third quarter. Paradigm Capital Management Inc. NY now owns 2,227,670 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,698,000 after buying an additional 1,035,986 shares in the last quarter. Systematic Financial Management LP purchased a new position in shares of EMCORE during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,868,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of EMCORE by 6.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 392,534 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,237,000 after buying an additional 24,718 shares in the last quarter. Cortina Asset Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of EMCORE during the fourth quarter worth approximately $6,439,000. Finally, Oberweis Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of EMCORE during the fourth quarter worth approximately $290,000. 66.52% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Brokerages Expect EMCORE Co. (EMKR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.06 Per Share” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/zacks-brokerages-expect-emcore-co-emkr-will-announce-earnings-of-0-06-per-share.html. About EMCORE EMCORE Corporation is engaged in designing and manufacturing indium phosphide (InP) optical chips, components, subsystems and systems for the broadband and specialty fiber optics market. The Company focuses on linear fiber optic transmission technology. The Company operates through Fiber Optics segment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on EMCORE (EMKR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for EMCORE Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EMCORE Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact

WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Citigroup Is Priced to Buy “The current valuation is a very attractive entry point on an absolute basis and relative to peers,” argues a Keefe, Bruyette & Woods analyst. By Teresa Rivas Biography April 5, 2017 1:35 p.m. ET Keefe, Bruyette & Woods is banking on higher earnings from Citigroup (ticker: C). On Wednesday, analyst Brian Kleinhanzl and his team upgraded Citi stock to Outperform from Market Perform, and raised their price target to $69 from $56 as part of their first-quarter earnings preview for big banks. Kleinhanzl writes that he has “a sight line to higher returns via greater capital return, and our conviction on higher capital... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Throwing Some Cold Water on the iPhone Hype Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. How to Trade Amazon at a Bargain Price Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. LBO or Not, Staples Stock Looks Very Undervalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Citigroup Is Priced to Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Can Twitter Predict Under Armour’s Future? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Is Snap Losing Its Identity? 2 Is Chipotle Back In the Game? 3 A Hunger for Savings Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan, Cisco Sink DJIA on Wednesday By Paul Ausick April 5, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 5, 2017: Markets opened higher Wednesday after a strong report on private-sector payrolls from ADP. The afternoon release of the FOMC minutes took a little of the steam out of stocks, sending the Nasdaq Composite below the break-even point and the other two major indexes slipped to a loss very late in the day. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $51.15 a barrel, up just 12 cents on the day. June gold dropped 0.8% on the day to settle at $1,248.50. Equities were headed for a lower close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.07% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.18%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded down 0.44%. All three major indexes traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Wednesday was JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) which traded down 1.19% at $86.27. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 10% below the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The big bank had no specific news. Cisco Systems Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) traded down 1.08% at $33.05. The stock’s 52-week range is $25.81 to $34.53. Volume was about 40% below the daily average of around 20 million. The company had no specific news. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) traded down 0.68% at $173.33. The stock’s 52-week range is $142.50 to $182.79. Volume was about 35% above the daily average of around 3.7 million shares. The company had no specific news. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded down 0.66% at $227.75. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $255.15. Volume was 15% above the daily average of around 3.8 million shares. The investment bank had no specific news Wednesday. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 14 are on track to close higher Wednesday and 16 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « The Market Just Doesn’t Believe in the Rite Aid Merger with Walgreens Valeant, DryShips Plunge into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools Customer Service Hall of Shame The Most Dangerous Cars in America The Richest Town in Every State Customer Service Hall of Fame Recent 32 Huge Brands Pulling Ads from ‘The O’Reilly Factor’ 32 Major Brands Pulling Ads from ‘The O’Reilly Factor’ Wednesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P500 Valeant, DryShips Plunge into Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 1 Thing You Need to Know About 3% Down Mortgages How Conagra Is Adapting to Changing Food Preferences This Simple Step Could Save You $8,280 on Your Mortgage Yum China shares surge 10% following quarterly results Yum China Q1 same-store sales rise 1% Yum China Q1 revenue $1.28 bln vs $1.3 bln Today's Strong Buy Stocks at New Highs Here's Why Police Body-Camera Maker TASER Changed Its Name Broken-Down: Why Investors are Shorting Commercial Real Estate Asian stocks waver, investors on knife edge for Trump-Xi meeting Bezos is selling $1 billion of Amazon stock a year to fund rocket venture Australian regulator sues Apple alleging iPhone 'bricking' Japanese retailer Seven & i to buy Sunoco assets for $3.3 billion Nikkei Tumbles to 4-Month Low After Fed Minutes Big miners have trouble joining technology revolution Trevor Noah Turns Iconic Civil Rights Moments Into 'Woke' Advertisements A Real Protester Gives Oregon Mayor A Pepsi. It Didn't End Well. Facebook Releases New Tools To Combat Revenge Porn Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Citigroup Is Priced to Buy “The current valuation is a very attractive entry point on an absolute basis and relative to peers,” argues a Keefe, Bruyette & Woods analyst. By Teresa Rivas Biography April 5, 2017 1:35 p.m. ET Keefe, Bruyette & Woods is banking on higher earnings from Citigroup (ticker: C). On Wednesday, analyst Brian Kleinhanzl and his team upgraded Citi stock to Outperform from Market Perform, and raised their price target to $69 from $56 as part of their first-quarter earnings preview for big banks. Kleinhanzl writes that he has “a sight line to higher returns via greater capital return, and our conviction on higher capital... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Throwing Some Cold Water on the iPhone Hype Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. How to Trade Amazon at a Bargain Price Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. LBO or Not, Staples Stock Looks Very Undervalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Citigroup Is Priced to Buy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Is Snap Losing Its Identity? 2 Is Chipotle Back In the Game? 3 A Hunger for Savings Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Care.com Inc (CRCM) General Counsel Diane Musi Sells 7,000 Shares of Stock TransDigm Group (TDG) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.34 SYNNEX Co. (SNX) SVP Simon Leung Sells 913 Shares Aduro BioTech Inc (ADRO) EVP Dirk G. Brockstedt Sells 8,000 Shares AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Insider James Todd Daniels Sells 1,400 Shares of Stock Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms Buy Rating for Inogen Inc (INGN) Quality Systems (QSII) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.50 BancorpSouth (BXS) Earning Very Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Veeco Instruments Inc. (VECO) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Zalando Se (ZLNDY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell WSFS Financial Co. (WSFS) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Advantest Corp (ATEYY) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Rosenblatt Securities Wolseley plc (WOSYY) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Tech Data Corp (TECD) CFO Charles V. Dannewitz Sells 2,024 Shares of Stock Tech Data Corp (TECD) CFO Charles V. Dannewitz Sells 2,024 Shares of Stock Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Director Vincent T. Marchesi Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Director Gili Iohan Sells 5,000 Shares AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Insider James Todd Daniels Sells 1,400 Shares of Stock April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) insider James Todd Daniels sold 1,400 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 31st. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.39, for a total value of $101,346.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 15,699 shares in the company, valued at $1,136,450.61. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) traded down 0.51% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $72.24. The stock had a trading volume of 2,736,336 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $71.97 and a 200 day moving average of $70.80. AFLAC Incorporated has a 52-week low of $62.59 and a 52-week high of $74.50. The firm has a market capitalization of $29.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.25 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. The business had revenue of $6 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.56 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.41 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Insider James Todd Daniels Sells 1,400 Shares of Stock” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/aflac-incorporated-afl-insider-james-todd-daniels-sells-1400-shares-of-stock.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of AFLAC by 7.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 21,353,746 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,486,224,000 after buying an additional 1,433,277 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new position in AFLAC during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,454,272,000. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in AFLAC by 1.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 11,644,992 shares of the company’s stock valued at $836,926,000 after buying an additional 220,924 shares in the last quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB raised its position in AFLAC by 2.0% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 6,796,905 shares of the company’s stock valued at $488,494,000 after buying an additional 131,005 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in AFLAC by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 5,056,892 shares of the company’s stock valued at $363,439,000 after buying an additional 228,531 shares in the last quarter. 62.45% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on AFL shares. Citigroup Inc started coverage on AFLAC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 price target on the stock. Evercore ISI raised AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised AFLAC from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and increased their price target for the company from $71.71 to $75.00 in a report on Monday, February 27th. Royal Bank of Canada cut AFLAC from a “sector perform” rating to an “underperform” rating and lowered their price target for the company from $74.00 to $65.00 in a report on Friday, December 9th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. AFLAC has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $72.08. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Markets pull back as Fed fears trump good jobs news Markets pull back as Fed fears trump good jobs news Posted on Wednesday, April 5, 2017 by CNN in Business News More Americans are finding work. That’s great news, and stocks soared Wednesday morning, thanks to it. But the Federal Reserve threw some cold water on the bulls by the end of the day. The Dow surged nearly 200 points Wednesday after payroll processor ADP issued a strong jobs report about the private sector. That’s raising hopes that the official government figures that will come out Friday morning will also show healthy job gains. But the market pulled back and gave up nearly all of its gains by the end of the day after minutes from the Federal Reserve showed that some members of the central bank felt that stocks were “quite high.” ADP said that 263,000 jobs were added in March, well ahead of forecasts for about 175,000. Both ADP and the government reported solid jobs gains for February. So investors appear to be banking that the momentum in the labor market will continue. Despite Wednesday’s topsy-turvy trading, the market appears to be back on solid footing after a recent dip following President Trump’s failure to push forward on a deal to repeal and replace Obamacare. But investors have expressed hope that Trump will be able to get a tax reform plan approved and possibly a big economic stimulus plan aimed at rebuilding road, bridges and other infrastructure. Bank stocks rallied early Wednesday as well, after Trump reiterated plans Tuesday to try to undo parts of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon also said in his annual shareholder letter Tuesday that regulations are holding the economy back. The recent stock rally has helped push tech stocks like Apple, Amazon and Microsoft to all-time highs. The Nasdaq, which is home to these three as well as Facebook and Google parent Alphabet, again hit a new record earlier Wednesday. The Nasdaq is now up almost 10% so far this year and is approaching the 6,000 milestone. And CNNMoney’s Fear & Greed Index, which measures seven indicators of market sentiment, has bounced back from the Fear levels that it hit just a week ago. It’s now in Neutral mode and has inched closer to Greed. A great jobs number Friday might push the index back to Greed — and lift stocks even higher. But a solid jobs report might also make the Fed more likely to step up its pace of rate hikes. And Wall Street would not like that. Netflix ditches star rating system for 'thumbs up, thumbs down' More than 30 advertisers have left Bill O'Reilly. Can Fox News stand by him? Related Posts Mandatory FAA drone registration starts December 21 House Republican: President Trump, fire CFPB Director Richard Cordray Millennials: Here’s where it’s cheaper to rent than buy Trump promises more coal and steel jobs. China is cutting 500,000 Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Latest News Dow 20,648 -41.09 -0.20% Nasdaq 5,864 -34.13 -0.58% S&P 500 2,353 -7.21 -0.31% 3:07 A.M. ET ECB's Draghi: Forces currently weighing on domestic price pressures should continue to wane 3:06 A.M. ET ECB's Draghi: Central bank's monetary policy stance is still appropriate 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.6% lower at 12,151.45 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 0.6% lower at 5,061.45 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.8% lower at 7,273.74 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.6% lower at 377.79 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Why cheaper index funds translate into lower future returns 2:59 A.M. ET Updated Why investors are fretting over the Trump-Xi meeting 2:43 A.M. ET Unilever to exit spreads, launch €5 bln buyback 2:41 A.M. ET German manufacturing orders bounce back 2:20 A.M. ET Shell agrees gas supply deals in Australia 2:18 A.M. ET Danone gets U.S. court OK for WhiteWave buy 2:17 A.M. ET PPG still eyeing $28 billion Akzo Nobel bid 2:11 A.M. ET India services expansion at 5-month high in March 1:08 A.M. ET China March Caixin Services PMI expands slowly 1:07 A.M. ET Oil prices pull back in step with global market jitters, U.S. supply rise 4/05 Pepper, Banco Popular cancel finance partnership 4/05 Updated The stock market just blew its biggest lead since February 2016 4/05 Nikkei drops to 4-month low as Asian markets pull back 4/05 Updated Panera Bread’s $7.5 billion takeover may trigger a wave of restaurant deals Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release North American Financial 15 Split Corp. Announces Overnight Offering By Published: Apr 5, 2017 3:19 p.m. ET Share TORONTO, ONTARIO, Apr 05, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- A high quality portfolio consisting of 15 North American Financial Services Companies TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 5, 2017) - North American Financial 15 Split Corp. (the "Company") is pleased to announce it has filed a preliminary short form prospectus in each of the provinces of Canada with respect to an offering of Preferred Shares and Class A Shares of the Company. The offering will be co-led by National Bank Financial Inc., CIBC, Scotia Capital Inc., RBC Capital Markets and will also include BMO Capital Markets, GMP Securities L.P., Canaccord Genuity Corp., Raymond James, Desjardins Securities Inc., Echelon Wealth Partners, Industrial Alliance Securities Inc., Mackie Research Capital Corporation and Manulife Securities Incorporated. The Preferred Shares will be offered at a price of $10.00 per Preferred Share to yield 5.25% and the Class A Shares will be offered at a price of $9.10 per Class A Share to yield 13.19%. The closing price on the TSX of each of the Preferred Shares and the Class A Shares on April 4, 2017 was $10.19 and $9.25, respectively.  Since inception of the Company, the aggregate dividends paid on the Preferred Shares have been $6.50 per share and the aggregate dividends paid on the Class A Shares have been $10.45 per share, for a combined total of $16.95. All distributions to date have been made in tax advantage eligible Canadian dividends or capital gains dividends. The net proceeds of the offering will be used by the Company to invest in an actively managed, high quality portfolio consisting of 15 financial services companies made up of Canadian and U.S. issuers as follows:                                                                       
Bank of Montreal                   National Bank of Canada                    Bank of America Corp.
The Bank of Nova Scotia            Manulife Financial Corporation             Citigroup Inc.
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Sun Life Financial Services of Canada Inc. Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Royal Bank of Canada               Great-West Lifeco Inc.                     JP Morgan Chase & Co.
The Toronto-Dominion Bank          CI Financial Corp.                         Wells Fargo & Co.

 The Company's investment objectives are: Preferred Shares: to provide holders of the Preferred Shares with fixed, cumulative preferential monthly cash dividends currently in the amount of 5.25% annually, to be set by the Board of Directors annually subject to a minimum of 5.25% until 2019; and on or about the termination date, currently December 1, 2019 (subject to further 5 year extensions thereafter), to pay the holders of the Preferred Shares $10.00 per Preferred Share. Class A Shares: to provide holders of the Class A Shares with regular monthly cash dividends in an amount to be determined by the Board of the Directors; and to permit holders to participate in all growth in the net asset value of the Company above $10 per Unit, by paying holders on or about the termination date of December 1, 2019 (subject to further 5 year extensions thereafter) such amounts as remain in the Company after paying $10 per Preferred Share. The sales period of this overnight offering will end at 9:00 a.m. EST on April 6, 2017. A preliminary short form prospectus containing important information relating to the Preferred Shares and the Class A Shares has been filed with securities commissions or similar authorities in all provinces of Canada. The preliminary short form prospectus is still subject to completion or amendment. Copies of the preliminary short form prospectus may be obtained from your registered financial advisor using the contact information for such advisor, or from representatives of the underwriters listed above. There will not be any sale or any acceptance of an offer to buy the Preferred Shares or the Class A Shares until a receipt for the final short form prospectus has been issued. North American Financial 15 Split Corp. Investor Relations 416-304-4443 Toll free at 1-877-4-Quadra (1-877-478-2372) www.financial15.com © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular The stock market just blew its biggest lead since February 2016 Payless ShoeSource bankruptcy is the latest blow for retail bondholders Stocks swing to lower close after Fed releases March minutes Think you want to retire early? Ask yourself these 10 questions first Here's how drones will change the future of warfare MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital Product Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FTD Companies Inc (FTD) Downgraded to “D+” at TheStreet Intelligent Systems Co. (INS) Upgraded by TheStreet to C Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Unlikely to Effect Toyota Motor Corp (TM) Share Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact T-Mobile US (TMUS) Share Price AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages AutoNation, Inc. (AN) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages The Ultimate Software Group (ULTI) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Sprint Corp (S) to Post FY2017 Earnings of ($0.27) Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Triangle Securities Wealth Management Boosts Position in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Moreno Evelyn V Continues to Hold Stake in Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Cohen Lawrence B Has $4,541,000 Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Position Reduced by Moreno Evelyn V Sirius Minerals PLC’s (SXX) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Consort Medical plc (CSRT) Given “Buy” Rating at Stifel Nicolaus Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) Stake Maintained by Cohen Lawrence B NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Shares Sold by Cohen Lawrence B Cohen Lawrence B Lowers Position in Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact Time Warner (TWX) Share Price Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Lifted to B- at TheStreet April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet TheStreet upgraded shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) from a c rating to a b- rating in a research note released on Friday. A number of other brokerages have also commented on CPLP. Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and issued a $5.00 target price on shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Zacks Investment Research lowered Capital Product Partners L.P. from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Monday, January 2nd. Evercore ISI upgraded Capital Product Partners L.P. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $5.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co upgraded Capital Product Partners L.P. from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and set a $5.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Capital Product Partners L.P. presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $4.40. Shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) traded down 0.57% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $3.48. 261,684 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Capital Product Partners L.P. has a 52-week low of $2.41 and a 52-week high of $4.05. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $3.36 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.24. The firm has a market capitalization of $424.89 million, a P/E ratio of 10.36 and a beta of 1.67. Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.08 by $0.01. The business earned $62.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $60.53 million. Capital Product Partners L.P. had a return on equity of 5.53% and a net margin of 20.49%. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Capital Product Partners L.P. will post $0.34 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Lifted to B- at TheStreet” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/capital-product-partners-l-p-cplp-lifted-to-b-at-thestreet.html. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its stake in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 90.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 823,778 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,620,000 after buying an additional 390,227 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 7,341.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 468,275 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,527,000 after buying an additional 461,982 shares during the period. WFG Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 55,879.3% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 384,578 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,254,000 after buying an additional 383,891 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC bought a new stake in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. during the fourth quarter worth $872,000. Finally, Arrow Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. by 8.9% in the third quarter. Arrow Investment Advisors LLC now owns 238,692 shares of the company’s stock worth $778,000 after buying an additional 19,550 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 17.32% of the company’s stock. About Capital Product Partners L.P. Capital Product Partners L.P. is an international owner of tanker, container and drybulk vessels. The Company’s fleet consisted of 36 high specification vessels with an average age of approximately 7.4 years, as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, its fleet consisted of four Suezmax crude oil tankers, 21 medium range product tankers, 10 post-panamax container carrier vessels and one Capesize bulk carrier. Receive News & Ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street today Business Insider Apr. 5, 2017, 1:51 PM 865 facebook linkedin twitter email print A woman stands in front of the logo of Snap Inc. on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) while waiting for Snap Inc. to post their IPO, in New York City Thomson Reuters Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours.   Imagine the following scenario. A Wall Street investment bank has just led the biggest tech initial public offering in years but makes a mistake in the first research note it publishes on the stock. The error means the bank overstated the forecasted earnings over a five-year stretch by nearly $5 billion. Yet when the bank issues a correction and updates its earnings models, its price target on the shares remains the same. How does that happen? The answer says a lot about the weaknesses in Wall Street analyst research and the closely watched price targets published by big banks. Jeffrey Lacker, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond, on Tuesday resigned after apparently admitting he was the source of a leak of secret , market-sensitive information about key discussions on interest rate policy.  Business Insider's Pedro da Costa once asked Fed chair Janet Yellen about the investigation in to the leaks. The question echoed much longer than he expected. And the sudden resignation of Lacker came with a huge hint that there's more to come, according to da Costa.  In finance news, machine learning is now used in Wall Street dealmaking, and bankers should probably be worried. Someone made a $100 million trade with JPMorgan on their cell phone. And the world's biggest asset manager has slashed the fees it pays to Wall Street. In markets news, ADP private payrolls crush expectations. The largest part of the US economy slowed in March amid uncertainty about Trump's policies. And the stock market doesn't think Trump will deliver on one of his biggest economic promises. Here's Jeff Gundlach's full presentation on expensive stocks and the end of the Trump trade . In deal news, the owner of Krispy Kreme and Keurig is buying Panera Bread for $7.5 billion, and Warren Buffett's favorite banker is investing in the deal. Boeing and JetBlue just invested in a tiny electric-jet startup that could revolutionize air travel. Money is pouring in to a hot new area of science that could change the way we think about aging. A senator found Medicare blowing hundreds of millions on a drug private insurers wouldn't touch — and nothing happened. And one of the most controversial drug companies in America is out of the industry's lobby. Lastly, here's what it's like to eat a $295-per-person, 3-hour dinner at Eleven Madison Park, the best restaurant in the world.  Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past 24 hours. There's one important reason this time is different for the Fed - Not all Federal Reserve interest-rate moves are created equal: Some reverberate around the world, and others, like March's highly telegraphed increase, pass through markets with barely a whimper. A JPMorgan asset manager overseeing $350 billion thinks Europe is an unexploited opportunity for investors - Mainland Europe represents an underexploited and potentially lucrative opportunity for investors, according to the head of equities at JPMorgan Asset Management. Tesla is now bigger than Ford despite selling a fraction of the cars — and a threat is looming over the future - Tesla is having a big week. Walgreens sees a surprise drop in sales - Drugstore chain operator Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc, reported a surprise drop in quarterly sales, citing challenging market conditions in continental Europe, and as a strong dollar reduced the value of sales outside the United States. How Apple product pricing compares to its closest competitors, in one chart - One of the loudest rumors about the redesigned iPhone expected to launch this fall is that it could cost $1,000 or more. The death of brick-and-mortar retail could hit these 9 companies hard in 2017 - The death spiral of traditional brick-and-mortar stores is having a ripple effect throughout the retail industry.  The 13 best US stocks you can buy right now, according to Credit Suisse - Credit Suisse just published a list of its top US stock picks. SEE ALSO: The 27 most important finance books ever written Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street today What you need to know on Wall Street today Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Top News Opinion Entertainment Taiwan Living Learn English E-Newsletter App International Edition Thursday April 6, 2017 About Us Subscribe Advertise Contact Us Business Company Focus Africa Middle East Europe Americas Asia Global Markets CEO Talks Tesla on the rise as Wall Street snubs Detroit AFP  Thursday, April 6, 2017, 12:03 am TWN SHARE CLOSE Blogger   Google+ Live Journal   Plurk Stumble Upon     Tweet A- A+ 中文 NEW YORK -- Tesla Motors has moved to within striking distance of becoming the largest U.S. automaker by market capitalization, a testament to Wall Street's growing ardor for Silicon Valley at Detroit's expense. The company officially surpassed number two U.S. carmaker Ford on Monday after reporting better-than-expected first quarter sales during the same news cycle, in which general U.S. auto sales disappointed for March. Shares of Tesla rose 1.74 percent at closing Tuesday to US$303.70 per share, lifting its market capitalization to US$49.4 billion, US$4 billion more than Ford's and around US$1.9 billion below that of top U.S. automaker General Motors. Tesla still makes and sells a fraction of the cars of those established giants, meaning that its rise on Wall Street is due to expectations that its pioneering work on electric cars will ultimately carry the day. Tesla's most important offering on the mass sales front is the Model 3, which is still under development and aimed at the middle market with a far more affordable price than Tesla's first two autos, the Model S and Model X. Founder Elon Musk celebrated the company's surging stock price on Twitter, mocking skeptics with the barb "Stormy weather in Shortville," a reference to "short sellers" who have lost money betting the stock would fall. Still, the significance of Tesla's latest surge on Wall Street should not be exaggerated, JPMorgan Chase suggested in an investor note Tuesday. Tesla's "modestly stronger trend to Model S & X deliveries does not necessarily read across directly to a smoother launch for the Model 3, which we believe drives valuation for that stock," it said. Other questions surrounding the company include scrutiny of its autopilot technology and the wisdom of its 2016 acquisition of SolarCity, panned by many Wall Street analysts when it was first announced. 1|2|Next Page>> PREVIOUS ARTICLE Warren Buffet becomes face of Coke in China NEXT ARTICLE European stock markets diverge before US data and Fed minutes Facebook Twitter Google+ Write a Comment Terms Enter your comments - 3000 characters max Type in image code  Receive our promos  Respond to this email Submit MOST POPULAR OF THIS SECTION 1 Now that the US is out, Beijing authorities may be interested in attending TPP talks 2 Reports of TSMC's US plant rattle Taiwan 3 TSMC still considering plans for 3nm chip production 4 Why analysts believed TSMC was looking elsewhere 5 Wanda ends bid for US producer 6 Brazil investment plan under discussion: Taiwanese IC company 7 China's Premier Li arrives in New Zealand for talks 8 Wistron shares soar on earnings, Apple orders 9 American Airlines buys stake in China Southern Airlines 10 Debt, low wages signal rise of youth poverty: job bank Subscribe  |   Advertise  |   RSS Feed  |   About Us  |   Career  |   Contact Us Sitemap  |   Top Stories  |   Taiwan  |   China  |   Business  |   Asia  |   World  |   Sports  |   Life  |   Arts & Leisure  |   Health  |   Editorial  |   Commentary Travel  |   Movies  |   TV Listings  |   Classifieds  |   Bookstore  |   Getting Around  |   Weather  |   Guide Post  |   Student Post  |   Terms of Use  |   Sitemap   Copyright © 1999 – 2017 The China Post. Breaking news from Taiwan, China and the world. News X Top Stories Taiwan China Business Asia World Sports Life Health Opinion X Editorial Commentary Entertainment X Movies & TV Arts & Leisure Discover Taiwan Travel Taiwain Living X Dream Catcher Eye On Taiwan Consumer Highlights TV Listings Classifieds Bookstore Supplement Chinese Fables Getting Around Weather Learn English X Guide Post Bilingual News Student Post
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital Product Partners L.P. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Nordson Co. (NDSN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Corus Entertainment Inc. (CJR.B) Given Sector Perform Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Deutsche Boerse Ag’s (DBOEY) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at HSBC Holdings plc Mizuho Cuts Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Price Target to $64.00 Evotec AG (EVTCY) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Centennial Resource Development Inc (CDEV) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Tudor Pickering PGT Innovations Inc (PGTI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Navigator Holdings Ltd (NVGS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Gabelli Weighs in on VMware, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (VMW) Amazon.com’s (AMZN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Now Covered by Analysts at Berenberg Bank Lions Gate Entertainment Co. Class A Voting Shares (LGF.A) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity Syngenta AG (SYT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell FY2018 EPS Estimates for Lululemon Athletica inc. Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings (LULU) Bill Barrett Co. Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of ($0.94) Per Share (BBG) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Lululemon Athletica inc. Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings (LULU) DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Given “Outperform” Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Capital Product Partners L.P. (CPLP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jefferies Group LLC reiterated their buy rating on shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) in a research note released on Friday. Jefferies Group LLC currently has a $5.00 price target on the stock. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on CPLP. Wells Fargo & Co upgraded shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. from a market perform rating to an outperform rating and set a $5.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Evercore ISI upgraded shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $5.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Capital Product Partners L.P. from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $4.40. Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) opened at 3.50 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $427.33 million, a PE ratio of 10.42 and a beta of 1.67. The company’s 50-day moving average is $3.36 and its 200-day moving average is $3.24. Capital Product Partners L.P. has a 12 month low of $2.41 and a 12 month high of $4.05. Capital Product Partners L.P. (NASDAQ:CPLP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $0.09 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.01. Capital Product Partners L.P. had a net margin of 20.49% and a return on equity of 5.53%. The business had revenue of $62.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $60.53 million. Equities research analysts forecast that Capital Product Partners L.P. will post $0.34 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/capital-product-partners-l-p-cplp-earns-buy-rating-from-jefferies-group-llc.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Two Sigma Investments LP boosted its position in Capital Product Partners L.P. by 90.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 823,778 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,620,000 after buying an additional 390,227 shares during the last quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP boosted its position in Capital Product Partners L.P. by 209.9% in the fourth quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 104,912 shares of the company’s stock worth $334,000 after buying an additional 71,054 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Capital Product Partners L.P. by 7,341.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 468,275 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,527,000 after buying an additional 461,982 shares during the last quarter. TCW Group Inc. boosted its position in Capital Product Partners L.P. by 74.6% in the fourth quarter. TCW Group Inc. now owns 229,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $730,000 after buying an additional 98,100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, WFG Advisors LP boosted its position in Capital Product Partners L.P. by 55,879.3% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 384,578 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,254,000 after buying an additional 383,891 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 17.32% of the company’s stock. About Capital Product Partners L.P. Capital Product Partners L.P. is an international owner of tanker, container and drybulk vessels. The Company’s fleet consisted of 36 high specification vessels with an average age of approximately 7.4 years, as of December 31, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, its fleet consisted of four Suezmax crude oil tankers, 21 medium range product tankers, 10 post-panamax container carrier vessels and one Capesize bulk carrier. Receive News & Ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital Product Partners L.P. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://blogs.barrons.com/focusonfunds/2017/04/05/banks-1q-earnings-preview-curb-your-enthusiasm-a-bit/ Focus on Funds Banks 1Q Earnings Preview: Curb Your Enthusiasm, A Bit By Crystal Kim April 5, 2017 12:44 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Bank stocks surged following the election, but have been swooning lately. In the past month, the financial sector has been the worst-performing of the S&P 500 and has declined 4.5%. Today, bank stocks are surging ahead of first quarter earnings releases. The Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLF) has climbed 0.61% while the SPDR S&P Bank ETF (KBE) has risen 0.21%. Regional banks are getting a small boost. SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF (KRE) has gained 0.04%. Optimism around bank stocks may be intensifying in the lead-up to earnings releases, but investors may be getting ahead of themselves, yet again. "As we head into quarterly results, our expectations have been lowered, but we remain optimistic near-term that bank fundamentals will continue improving--led mostly by higher rates." writes KBW's Brian Kleinhanzl. While Kleinhanzl expects regulatory changes to "eventually" benefit universal banks, the firm has only changed expectations for capital return within the CCAR process. "Our estimates reflect an improving rate environment and higher capital return, and that is enough for us to remain constructive on the space broadly," he says. The analyst is raising first-quarter earnings estimates for Bank of New York Mellon (BK), State Street (STT), and Wells Fargo (WFC). He is lowering estimates for Bank of America (BAC), Citigroup (C), Goldman Sachs (GS), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Morgan Stanley (MS). He explains: We are raising 1Q17 estimates for BK, STT, and WFC. The main driver of our upward estimate revisions are better market returns for STT and BK and a higher margin for WFC. At the same time, we are lowering 1Q17 estimates for BAC, C, GS, JPM, and MS largely due to lower expectations for trading revenues relative to our previous forecast (Exhibit 1). We have also revised 2017 and 2018 estimates and we are establishing 2019 estimates for all companies under coverage at this time. ...At this point, for 1Q17 we are below consensus the most for STT and C, and we are most above consensus for GS and MS. We want to point out that our net interest margin (NIM) expectation for Wells Fargo is above consensus, yet we are in line from an earnings perspective. Thus, we believe if Wells beats due to a better NIM, then the stock should react well at earnings. Kleinhanzl sees Bank of New York Mellon earning $0.78, about 2 cents higher from his old estimate but below consensus expectations for $0.80. His estimate for State Street is $1.06, up 7 cents from his previous estimate, but 4.8% below consensus of $1.11. He expects Wells Fargo to earn $0.96, a nickel above the old target, but in-line with consensus. Text Size Regular Medium Large EARNINGS PREVIEW FINANCIAL SELECT SECTOR SPDR ETF SPDR S&P BANK ETF SPDR S&P REGIONAL BANKING ETF Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS Goldman Sachs: 'Constructive' Outlook on Crude NEXT Is the Gold/Platinum Ratio A Glittering Signal for Stocks? Most Popular Throwing Some Cold Water on the iPhone Hype How to Trade Amazon at a Bargain Price LBO or Not, Staples Stock Looks Very Undervalued Citigroup Is Priced to Buy Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron's Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bill Barrett Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bill Barrett Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2018 EPS Estimates for Lululemon Athletica inc. Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings (LULU) Bill Barrett Co. Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of ($0.94) Per Share (BBG) FY2018 EPS Estimates for Lululemon Athletica inc. Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings (LULU) DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Given “Outperform” Rating at Royal Bank of Canada AVEO Pharmaceuticals (AVEO) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.38 C R Bard (BCR) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” At Home Group Inc (HOME) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Guggenheim Begins Coverage on Fiserv Inc (FISV) Hezy Shaked Sells 10,000 Shares of Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Stock Insider Selling: Alamo Group, Inc. (ALG) EVP Sells $151,880.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Insider Acquires C$99,202.00 in Stock Greenbrier Companies Inc (GBX) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.25 EPS McCormick & Company, (MKC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of -0.12 Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Likely to Impact Starbucks (SBUX) Share Price Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Likely to Effect Diamond Offshore Drilling (DO) Share Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Likely to Effect Kirkland's (KIRK) Share Price Recon Capital Series Trust Recon Capital FTSE 100 ETF (UK) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.11 FBR & Co Increases Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Price Target to $16.50 Rollins, Inc. (ROL) Given $32.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Bill Barrett Co. Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of ($0.94) Per Share (BBG) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Bill Barrett Co. (NYSE:BBG) – Stock analysts at Seaport Global Securities issued their FY2018 earnings estimates for shares of Bill Barrett in a note issued to investors on Friday. Seaport Global Securities analyst M. Kelly anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings of ($0.94) per share for the year. Bill Barrett (NYSE:BBG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 2nd. The energy company reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.13) by $0.06. The business earned $51.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $66.47 million. Bill Barrett had a negative return on equity of 4.43% and a negative net margin of 81.86%. Bill Barrett’s quarterly revenue was up 10.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.07 earnings per share. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/bill-barrett-co-expected-to-earn-fy2018-earnings-of-0-94-per-share-bbg.html. A number of other equities analysts have also commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Bill Barrett from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating and set a $8.00 price target on shares of Bill Barrett in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. National Securities initiated coverage on Bill Barrett in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They set a “buy” rating and a $9.00 price target for the company. KLR Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $10.00 price target (up from $9.00) on shares of Bill Barrett in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Wunderlich lowered Bill Barrett from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $10.00 to $8.00 in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $8.42. Shares of Bill Barrett (NYSE:BBG) traded down 4.16% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $4.38. The stock had a trading volume of 1,442,003 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $4.92 and its 200 day moving average is $6.03. Bill Barrett has a 52-week low of $4.04 and a 52-week high of $9.38. The company’s market cap is $325.85 million. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. UBS Oconnor LLC bought a new stake in shares of Bill Barrett during the third quarter worth about $1,836,000. Systematic Financial Management LP acquired a new stake in shares of Bill Barrett during the fourth quarter valued at $1,620,000. Wasatch Advisors Inc. increased its stake in shares of Bill Barrett by 52.5% in the third quarter. Wasatch Advisors Inc. now owns 1,915,451 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $10,650,000 after buying an additional 659,607 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Bill Barrett by 0.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,796,655 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $26,670,000 after buying an additional 34,905 shares during the last quarter. Finally, GLG LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Bill Barrett during the fourth quarter valued at $433,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.00% of the company’s stock. About Bill Barrett Bill Barrett Corporation is an independent energy company that develops, acquires and explores for oil and natural gas resources. The Company’s assets and operations are located in the Rocky Mountain region of the United States. The Company develops oil and natural gas in the Rocky Mountain region of the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Bill Barrett Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bill Barrett Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe What Advertisers Are Worried About After the O'Reilly Controversy by Gerry Smith @gerryfsmith More stories by Gerry Smith and Joe Mayes @Joe_Mayes More stories by Joe Mayes April 5, 2017, 11:58 AM EDT Controversies at Fox News, YouTube highlight ‘brand safety’ ‘Every one of our top 50 customers has sat down with us’ Bill O’Reilly is no stranger to controversy. The Fox News host, who built a following with a combative style and sometimes coarse put-downs, has also made news by settling sexual harassment lawsuits as far back as 2004. Yet revelations of more O’Reilly settlements this past weekend sparked a stampede of advertisers pulling spots from his show. Why now? Call it heightened awareness among advertisers of “brand safety.” A recent uproar over ads being placed next to hateful videos on YouTube highlights the shift. While apparently not noticing for years, many advertisers are reviewing where their ads appear to ensure they’re not associated with objectionable content. “Every one of our top 50 customers has sat down with us in the last two months,” said Wayne Gattinella, CEO of DoubleVerify, which vets online ads for companies and whose clients include Centrica Plc’s British Gas. “We’re seeing a record number of ads that we’re now blocking as a result of a category of ‘inflammatory politics.’” Other factors are feeding the newfound sensitivity. Politics in the U.S. and Europe has become more polarized, adding pressure to brands associated with cable-news controversy. And media has become focused on personalities -- whether it’s YouTube star PewDiePie or O’Reilly -- whose unfiltered statements made advertisers uncomfortable. When disputes arise, social media makes it easy for activists to pressure brands into taking action. Fanning Flames “It’s about the speed at which social media has allowed the backlash to generate and to really rage out of control,” said Ross Barnes, chief technology officer at The&Partnership, a collection of media agencies that is minority-owned by WPP Plc, the world’s largest advertising company. “It’s just a whirlwind. You can’t predict where that’s going to go or the scale it’s going to reach.” This week at least five automakers -- Mitsubishi Motors Corp., Hyundai Motor Co., BMW of North America, Jaguar Land Rover North America and Mercedes-Benz -- said they’re withdrawing advertising from “The O’Reilly Factor” following allegations against its host that were reported in the New York Times. A plethora of global brands, including PepsiCo Inc., Starbucks Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. pulled spots from YouTube in recent weeks, amid concerns that their marketing was appearing next to hateful and extremist content. JPMorgan Chase recently shrunk its ad placements to 5,000 websites from 400,000 because it wanted to reduce the chances its ads will be next to offensive content or fake news. While advertisers may have been unaware that their ads appeared next to terrorism videos on YouTube, it’s hard for them to plead ignorance with O’Reilly, said Brian Wieser, an analyst at Pivotal Research. “The O’Reilly Factor” is a tempting buy for advertisers: He’s built a loyal following of consumers as the most popular host on the most-watched cable-news network in the world’s biggest marketplace, the U.S. “Bill O’Reilly is one of the most popular personalities in all of television,” Wieser said. “Any advertiser who was surprised hasn’t put much thought into their media planning.” Kangaroo Skin The creator of the Twitter account Sleeping Giants took screen shots last fall of ads appearing on Breitbart News in a successful campaign to get brands like Kellogg Co. to leave the website, which has been accused of espousing racist and anti-Semitic views. Breitbart, in turn, started a campaign to get readers to stop buying Kellog’s cereals. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Sensitivities can lie on both sides of the political spectrum, so companies must be careful either way. After Budweiser beer aired a Super Bowl ad that celebrated the immigrant roots of its German-born creator, Adolphus Busch, some supporters of U.S. President Donald Trump called for a boycott of the AB InBev Worldwide Inc. brand. Ethical Consumer lists 48 active boycotts for progressive causes, from Adidas (using kangaroo skin) to West Country Dairy Products in the U.K. (badger cull). The pressure can bear some unexpected fruit. The U.K. activist group Stop Funding Hate scored a victory of sorts last month in its campaign against British tabloids over articles it considers anti-immigrant. But Co-Operative Group, which operates grocery stores and bank branches, stopped short of pulling its ads as requested. Instead, the company met with executives at two newspaper publishers, News Corp.’s Sun and Daily Mail & General Trust Plc, to ask them to change their editorial stance -- a move that raises questions about press freedoms. Stop Funding Hate said it welcomed the spirit of the Co-Op statement but made clear it hadn’t asked the advertiser to demand editorial changes. “We’re having interesting discussions with our clients,” said Barnes, of The&Partnership. The topics range from whether companies want their brands to appear in certain publications to whether they want business from customers who hold contrary views, he said. Easy Switch Those unhappy with their current media associations have many options to reach audiences on TV and online. That makes it easy to bail out for any reason. “If I was an advertiser in 2017, I’d steer my money away from hosts and cable networks who are serially being sued (and are serially settling) sexual harassment cases,” said Ian Schafer, chief executive of the creative agency Deep Focus. “Audience is a commodity. There are many other ways to reach them.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Dimon Warns ‘Something Is Wrong’ With the U.S. Young Americans Are Killing Marriage These Are the World’s 50 Best Restaurants Global Shipping Fleet Braces for Chaos of $60 Billion Fuel Shock Trump Cracks Down on H-1B Visa Program That Feeds Silicon Valley Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Today Today Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports Article Archive Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Books Magazine My Library About Us Account Advertising Authors Browse Topics Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Glossary Keyword Index Privacy Policy Site Map Terms of Use Sign In Register Subscribe Home Today Culture Education History News Travel Calendar Classifieds Directories Nations Education Free Reports Books Magazine My Library Trading Post Sign In Register Subscribe Native News Courtesy Dr0ne2bewild Shiyé Bidziil/Vimeo Energy Transfer Partners drill pad for tunneling under the Missouri River at Lake Oahe, in November 2016. DAPL Fallout Continues: Defund Movement Passes $5 Billion From individuals to cities and tribes around the country DAPL banks are feeling the pressure Mark Fogarty • April 5, 2017 The movement to defund the Dakota Access Pipeline is rapidly gathering momentum, as individuals, cities and tribes have taken more than $5 billion from banks that have financed DAPL. According to the website defunddapl.org, which is maintained by several groups involved in the water protector movement that protested DAPL near the Standing Rock Sioux reservation in North Dakota for many months, individuals have taken away $76 million in deposits from DAPL banks while institutions have defunded those banks of more than $5.3 billion. The city of Seattle remains the biggest de-funder to date, having voted to remove more than $3 billion in deposits from Wells Fargo Bank. But there has been a steady drumbeat of disinvestment in the weeks since Seattle acted early in February, according to ICMN and media reports. That includes two of the original bank funders of the pipeline. Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! DNB, Norway’s largest bank and one of the original funders of the pipeline, has sold its DAPL loans and ended its involvement in the pipeline. DNB Capital, a unit of DNB Bank, had made a financing commitment of $175 million for DAPL, and was one of 26 DAPL funders. That amount was equal to 4.7 percent of the total financing. Dutch financial giant ING recently sold a $120 million stake in the pipeline, according to news reports. ING Capital LLC was an original $75 million funder of the pipeline. Tribes have also taken funds away from the banks funding the $3.75 billion project, including the Muckleshoot Tribe in Washington state, the Mille Lacs Tribe in Minnesota and the Nez Perce Tribe in Idaho. San Francisco is another big city distancing itself from the pipeline, and New York City mayor Bill De Blasio has put DAPL banks, which include Wells Fargo, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and the Bank of Scotland and many others, on notice that the Big Apple may do the same. San Francisco’s Board of Supervisors in mid-March recommended that the city not consider DAPL banks as it decides where to bank its money. Some $1.2 billion is now in DAPL banks, according to the board, and its resolution was a first step toward defunding the DAPL banks. Two Los Angeles city councilmen introduced a resolution on March 28 to remove $40 million in city funds from Wells Fargo to protest its involvement in DAPL, which is a project of Energy Transfer Partners. In Albuquerque, the New Mexico state Democratic Party voted on March 1 to withdraw its funds from Wells Fargo. Reportedly the amount was $70,000. Perhaps the most potent threat to DAPL comes from New York City’s pension funds, which control $165 billion in retirement money. NYC Mayor Bill De Blasio on February 17 wrote to Wells and 16 other DAPL funders urging them to rethink their investments in the pipeline, implying New York City might rethink its pension fund allocations if they don’t. “I am writing to express my deep concern about your involvement, and the involvement of other banks, in financing the Dakota Access Pipeline,” the mayor wrote in a letter to Wells Fargo chief executive Timothy J. Sloan. “This project could have negative consequences for the people of Standing Rock, for the well-being of your bank and for the health of this planet. Therefore, I urge you to withdraw your financing, or failing that, to use your position as a lender to press your client to negotiate a reasonable resolution that removes the threat to the tribe’s concerns.” Other news reports say the cities of Davis and Santa Monica, California have also moved to disinvest from DAPL banks. According to defunddapl.org, the Santa Monica amount is $1 billion. Davis appears to have disinvested $124 million. Alameda, California is also said to have divested $36 million. Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Download our free report, Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain, to understand this fascinating concept. Download Today! Related Articles Group Gets Busted Growing a Whole Lot of Pot on Native American Site in California Same-Sex Marriage? Osage Nation Votes ‘Yes’ Jenni Monet Awarded for Standing Rock Coverage How did I Miss That? The Republican Era Sees Pandas Fly, While Trump Honors Andrew Jackson Derrick Watson, Only Native Hawaiian Federal Judge, Issues Travel Ban Injunction Tags Dakota Access Pipeline, DAPL, DAPL Banks, Muckleshoot Tribe, nez perce, Nez Perce Tribe, Standing Rock, Standing Rock Sioux, Standing Rock Sioux Reservation, the nez perce, the nez perce tribe, tribe. Comments are closed. Browse Topics Culture Arts & Entertainment Health & Wellness Native Recipes Pow Wows Social Issues Sports Thing About Skins History Events Genealogy People Sacred Places Traditional Societies Education Native American Students Native Education Native Studies/Tribal Colleges News Business Cartoons Environment First Nations Indigenous Peoples Native News Opinions Politics Veterans Travel Casinos & Resorts Destinations Free Reports 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College 50 Must-See Modern Native American Movies and Performances Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain Native Resorts, Spas and Casinos that Support and Reflect the Spirit of their Communities Interested in more information on Native Indian Nation? Visit Our Nations Directory Credit Card Identification Number This number is recorded as an additional security precaution. American Express 4 digit, non-embossed number printed above your account number on the front of your card. Visa 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the of the card immediately following the card account number. MasterCard 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the back of the card. × Enter Your Log In Credentials Email Password Remember Me Lost your password? Create New Password No password? Sign up × × Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Today Culture Education History News Travel Free Reports Sitting Bull, Crazy Horse, Geronimo, Tecumseh and other Heroes of Native Resistance 101 Tips for Landing Native American Scholarships and Grants for College Intergenerational Trauma: Understanding Natives’ Inherited Pain More Free Reports Calendar Classifieds Directories Books Magazine My Library Browse Topics Article Archive Keyword Index Glossary Contact Us Advertising About Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Account Authors Today Culture History Education News Travel Indian Country Media Network 5218 Patrick Road Verona, NY 13478 © 2017 Indian Country Today Media Network, all rights reserved. Total: 2.9K 2.9K 5 2 1 1 4 2.9K Share Tweet +1 Pin LinkedIn Digg Del StumbleUpon Tumblr VKontakte Print Email Flattr Reddit Share Love Weibo Pocket Xing Odnoklassniki ManageWP.org WhatsApp Meneame Blogger Amazon Yahoo Mail Gmail AOL Newsvine HackerNews Evernote MySpace Mail.ru Viadeo Line Flipboard Comments Yummly SMS Viber Telegram Subscribe Skype Facebook Messenger Kakao LiveJournal x Send this to friendYour emailRecipient emailYour message Hi, I thought you might find this interesting: DAPL Fallout Continues: Defund Movement Passes Billion URL: https://indiancountrymedianetwork.com/news/native-news/dapl-fallout-continues-defund-movement-passes-5-billion/ SendCancel
Bulls return! Stocks jump as more Americans find jobs - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Erie News Now is seeking to resolve negotiation with DirecTV Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Bulls return! Stocks jump as more Americans find jobs Posted: Wednesday, April 5, 2017 11:47 AM EDT Updated: Wednesday, April 5, 2017 3:47 PM EDT By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- More Americans are finding work. And Wall Street is loving it. The Dow surged nearly 200 points Wednesday after payroll processor ADP issued a strong jobs report about the private sector. That's raising hopes that the official government figures that will come out Friday morning will also show healthy job gains. ADP said that 263,000 jobs were added in March, well ahead of forecasts for about 175,000. Both ADP and the government reported solid jobs gains for February. So investors appear to be banking that the momentum in the labor market will continue. The market appears to be back on solid footing after a recent dip following President Trump's failure to push forward on a deal to repeal and replace Obamacare. But investors have expressed hope that Trump will be able to get a tax reform plan approved and possibly a big economic stimulus plan aimed at rebuilding road, bridges and other infrastructure. Bank stocks rallied as well, one day after Trump reiterated plans to try to undo parts of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon also said in his annual shareholder letter Tuesday that regulations are holding the economy back. A rebound in oil prices is helping the market too. Crude prices have shot back up to just under $52 a barrel, thanks in part to hopes that OPEC production cuts will relieve some of the supply glut on the market. Oil services firms Halliburton, Baker Hughes and Transocean were among the bigger gainers in the S&P 500 Wednesday, while oil giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron helped lift the Dow. All 30 Dow stocks were in positive territory as of late morning -- and 448 companies in the S&P 500 were trading higher. The recent stock rally has helped push tech stocks like Apple, Amazon and Microsoft to all-time highs. The Nasdaq, which is home to these three as well as Facebook and Google parent Alphabet, again hit a new record Wednesday. The Nasdaq is now up 10% and is approaching the 6,000 milestone. And CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index, which measures seven indicators of market sentiment, has bounced back from the Fear levels that it hit just a week ago. It's now in Neutral mode and has inched closer to Greed. A great jobs number Friday might push the index back to Greed -- and lift stocks even higher. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Education Food and Water Safety Agriculture Infectious Diseases Public Health Respiratory Diseases and Disorders Pharmaceuticals All Journal News Technology Physics Cybersecurity U.S. Politics Influenza West Nile Virus Ebola Zika Virus U.S. Supreme Court Tsunami U.S. National Security Terrorism  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Expert Directory Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions American Psychological Association (APA) University of Portsmouth Human Computation Institute NYU Langone Medical Center Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania University of Manitoba Arizona State University (ASU) American Academy of Neurology (AAN) About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   < Previous Article Return to Article List Next Article > UT Austin Business School Announces 2017 Hall of Fame Inductees Article ID: 672255 Released: 3-Apr-2017 8:00 AM EDT Source Newsroom: University of Texas at Austin (UT Austin) Add to Favorites more news from this source Share Credit: McCombs School of Business (L-R) Farlow, Holley, Maclin, Susser MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Education, Local - Texas KEYWORDS Hall Of Fame, business leaders Newswise — AUSTIN, Texas — The McCombs School of Business at The University of Texas at Austin will be honoring four distinguished alumni at its Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony on Thursday, Nov. 9, 2017. This year’s inductees include Kathleen Farlow, MPA ’83; Charles M. Holley, Jr., BBA ’79; S. Todd Maclin, BBA ’78; and Sam L. Susser, BBA ’85. “I am proud to have such outstanding alumni that remain dedicated and involved with the school,” said Jay Hartzell, dean of the McCombs school. “Kathleen, Charles, Todd, and Sam have given so much of themselves to higher education, the efforts of the McCombs school and the university. They are role models for both current and future generations of McCombs students.” 2017 McCombs School of Business Hall of Fame Inductees: Kathleen Farlow is a Central Texas managing partner with Deloitte, and she serves as Deloitte’s lead relationship partner for UT Austin. She has been a longtime member of the Accounting Department Advisory Council and is a member and former chair of the McCombs School of Business Dean’s Advisory Council. Farlow is active in the United Way as a member of Houston’s Alexis de Tocqueville Society and serves as chairman of the board for United Way of Greater Austin. She is also as a member of the board of directors for Ballet Austin. Charles M. Holley, Jr., retired in 2016 from a 21-year career with Walmart, where he most recently served as executive vice president and chief financial officer (CFO). He currently serves as a senior advisor and CFO in residence for Deloitte and is a member of the board for Amgen, Inc., a biotechnology company. Holley has been actively involved with the McCombs School and the university as a member of the Chancellor’s Council, UT’s Development Board, and the McCombs School of Business Advisory Council. Throughout his career, he has led several financial organizations, including Financial Executives International, the CFO Board Academy, and the Conference Board of Financial Executives. Holley also a former member of the board of directors for Cancer Challenge of Northwest Arkansas and the board of trustees for the National First Tee Foundation. S. Todd Maclin is principal of Maclin Management Co. and former chairman of commercial and consumer banking for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Maclin is actively involved with the UT Austin community as director of the Development Board, a member of the McCombs School Advisory Council, and as a member of the executive committee of the Chancellor’s Council. He also serves on the board of directors for the Texas Exes Alumni Association, the board of visitors for The University of Texas Southwestern Health System, and on the board of the Southwestern Medical Foundation. Sam L. Susser is president of Susser Holdings II, LP. He is a member of the McCombs School Advisory Council, the Advisory Board of the Schusterman Center for Judaic Studies, the Chancellor’s Council Executive Committee, the Advisory Board of the UT Marine Science Institute, the government relations co-chair of the UT MD Anderson board of visitors, and co-chair of the Kay Bailey Hutchison Center for Energy, Law, and Business. Susser is actively involved in his community, serving as a trustee of the Driscoll Foundation and chairman of the Driscoll Children’s Hospital Governing Board in south Texas. He was recently appointed by Governor Abbott to the University Research Initiatives Advisory Board. The McCombs School of Business Hall of Fame was established in 1983 to honor former students, faculty, and dedicated supporters. Induction into the Hall of Fame is the highest honor given by the McCombs School. These individuals have made outstanding contributions to the business community and advanced humanity through their outstanding civic, philanthropic, and educational work. Inductees are nominated by a selection committee of board leaders, faculty members from each of the school’s departments, and the dean. For more information, contact: Samantha Harris, Samantha.Harris@mccombs.utexas.edu, Red McCombs School of Business, 512-471-6746 Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 0.3796 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Bulls return! Stocks jump as more Americans find jobs Bulls return! Stocks jump as more Americans find jobs Posted on Wednesday, April 5, 2017 by CNN in Business News More Americans are finding work. And Wall Street is loving it. The Dow surged nearly 200 points Wednesday after payroll processor ADP issued a strong jobs report about the private sector. That’s raising hopes that the official government figures that will come out Friday morning will also show healthy job gains. ADP said that 263,000 jobs were added in March, well ahead of forecasts for about 175,000. Both ADP and the government reported solid jobs gains for February. So investors appear to be banking that the momentum in the labor market will continue. The market appears to be back on solid footing after a recent dip following President Trump’s failure to push forward on a deal to repeal and replace Obamacare. But investors have expressed hope that Trump will be able to get a tax reform plan approved and possibly a big economic stimulus plan aimed at rebuilding road, bridges and other infrastructure. Bank stocks rallied as well, one day after Trump reiterated plans to try to undo parts of the Dodd-Frank financial reform law. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon also said in his annual shareholder letter Tuesday that regulations are holding the economy back. A rebound in oil prices is helping the market too. Crude prices have shot back up to just under $52 a barrel, thanks in part to hopes that OPEC production cuts will relieve some of the supply glut on the market. Oil services firms Halliburton, Baker Hughes and Transocean were among the bigger gainers in the S&P 500 Wednesday, while oil giants Exxon Mobil and Chevron helped lift the Dow. All 30 Dow stocks were in positive territory as of late morning — and 448 companies in the S&P 500 were trading higher. The recent stock rally has helped push tech stocks like Apple, Amazon and Microsoft to all-time highs. The Nasdaq, which is home to these three as well as Facebook and Google parent Alphabet, again hit a new record Wednesday. The Nasdaq is now up 10% and is approaching the 6,000 milestone. And CNNMoney’s Fear & Greed Index, which measures seven indicators of market sentiment, has bounced back from the Fear levels that it hit just a week ago. It’s now in Neutral mode and has inched closer to Greed. A great jobs number Friday might push the index back to Greed — and lift stocks even higher. EBay founder commits $100 million to combat 'fake news' Facebook launches tools to combat revenge porn Related Posts Qatar Airways claims record for world’s longest flight Background checks: What employers can find out about you CNB Bank Promotes Ogden to Assistant Vice President, Compliance Staples and Office Depot call off merger Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Tsakos Energy Navigation April 05, 2017 10:52 ET TEN Ltd. Announces Closing of Public Offering of Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares, including Full Exercise of Underwriters' Option to Purchase Additional Shares ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Apr 5, 2017) - TEN Ltd. ("TEN") (NYSE: TNP), a leading diversified crude, product and LNG tanker operator, today announced the closing of its successful public offering of 4,600,000 Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares ("Series E Preferred Shares"), including 600,000 Series E Preferred Shares issued upon the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares. The public offering price was $25.00 per share. The gross proceeds of the offering were $115.0 million. TEN intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include vessel acquisitions and/or strategic investments. TEN has filed an application to list the Series E Preferred Shares on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley, UBS Investment Bank, J.P. Morgan, Citigroup and Stifel acted as joint bookrunners for the offering. BNP PARIBAS and DVB Capital Markets acted as co-managers for the offering. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, telephone: 1-866-718-1649, email: prospectus@morganstanley.com; UBS Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Specialist, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, 10019, telephone: (888) 827-7275; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, telephone: 1-212-834-4533; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: + 1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free) or Stifel at One South Street, 15th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, Attn: Syndicate Department, or telephone: 1-855-300-7136, or e-mail: syndprospectus@stifel.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. ABOUT TSAKOS ENERGY NAVIGATION TEN, founded in 1993, is one of the first and most established public shipping companies in the world today. TEN's pro-forma fleet, including four Aframax tankers under construction, consists of 65 double-hull vessels, constituting a mix of crude tankers, product tankers and LNG carriers, totaling 7.2 million dwt. Of these, 45 vessels trade in crude, 15 in products, three are shuttle tankers and two are LNG carriers. Visit our company website at: http://www.tenn.gr ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted by such forward-looking statements. TEN undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Information For further information please contact: TEN: Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. George Saroglou COO +30210 94 07 710 gsaroglou@tenn.gr Investor Relations/Media: Capital Link, Inc. Nicolas Bornozis Paul Lampoutis +212 661 7566 ten@capitallink.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Tsakos Energy Navigation From this industry Transportation and Logistics From this sub-industry Maritime See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Magazines Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Video Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 37° Overcast North Andover, MA (01845) Today Periods of rain. High 43F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall around a half an inch.. Tonight Rain early. Decreasing clouds late. Low 41F. SE winds at 15 to 25 mph, decreasing to 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch. Updated: April 6, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Magazines Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Video New Hampshire featured Housing cases like Hill's a rarity in NH towns By Allison DeAngelis adeangelis@eagletribune.com 1 hr ago Superior Court dismisses Green suit against Timberlane, Superintendent Metzler A place to play Plan to ratify postponed elections fails   Jon Ryan's Pubs opens for business in Methuen Region prepares for potential flooding  Police, hotels talk about crackdown on prostitution Neighbors didn't know 20 Irving St. was condemned April Fool's storm adds to local budget woes Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Local Sports Sports in a Minute: Sosa impressing Royals +4 By David Willis dwillis@eagletribune.com 35 min ago MVC Baseball Preview Experienced Lawrence is loaded with pitching Cavaliers expose Celtics' weaknesses in blowout win MASON ON SOX BLOG: Chris Sale lives up to the hype in his Red Sox debut North Andover Hall of Fame tickets on sale LA Olympic campaign inundated with likes ... from Pakistan READY FOR LIFTOFF: Talented freshmen bolster Pinkerton lacrosse heading into new season NH Softball Preview (Subject label) Lancers could challenge defending champ Salem Commonwealth Motors Captains Corner: Haverhill girls lacrosse Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News Apr 2, 2017 Reunions Club News Reunions Reunions Club News Vining Graduation Reunions Club News Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Our View: Education key in reducing teen pregnancies Apr 4, 2017 Click here for story Soundoff Soundoff Our View: Some cheers, some jeers for local newsmakers Soundoff Click here for story Soundoff Click here for story Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices Close 1 of 5 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo J.P Morgan Chase has several building on Northeastern Boulevard in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo On Call International at 11 Manor Parkway in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo Extreme Networks at 9 Northeastern Boulevard in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo Business spaces available for lease on Manor Parkway in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo Business space available for lease on Manor Parkway in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 featured NH's tax credit zones provide mixed results  New businesses largely lured from Massachusetts By Allison DeAngelis adeangelis@eagletribune.com AllisonDeAngelis Apr 2, 2017 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo J.P Morgan Chase has several building on Northeastern Boulevard in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo On Call International at 11 Manor Parkway in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo Extreme Networks at 9 Northeastern Boulevard in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo Business spaces available for lease on Manor Parkway in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 Tim Jean TIM JEAN/Staff photo Business space available for lease on Manor Parkway in Salem, NH. 3/31/17 SALEM, N.H. — Despite mixed results in southern New Hampshire, the town of Salem is continuing its commitment to the state's Economic Revitalization Zone program. Earlier this month, the board of selectmen approved Salem's fifth Economic Revitalization Zone. The site, located along the state border between Garabedian Drive and South Broadway, had been considered for a zone designation six years ago before being reconsidered and approved on March 6.  The state program provides short-term tax credit for projects in underutilized or vacant commercial areas that improve infrastructure and create jobs. New business tenants in the zones can earn as much as $40,000 annually over five years in tax credits.  It is one of the few incentive programs to bring businesses to the Granite State and doesn't cost municipalities anything, Salem's Community Development Director Andre Garron said. As of November 2016, there were more than 195 economic revitalization zones statewide.  The zones can help New Hampshire take advantage of its proximity to greater Boston and bring businesses north, according to Senior Business Development Manager for the state Michael Bergeron. A lot of the businesses taking or looking to take advantage of the tax credits originate in Massachusetts, he added.  But, the zones have had mixed success in border towns like Salem, Derry, Londonderry, and Windham, which are well-poised to attract Bay State businesses, given their proximity to I-93.  Since the first Economic Revitalization Zone was approved in Salem in 2011, six companies have taken advantage of the tax credits in the town. One company — On Call International — was already located in Salem and used the tax credits to facilitate a move to a larger facility on Manor Parkway. Four of the others were coaxed north from the Merrimack Valley.  "A lot of companies from Massachusetts love the location, whether they're retail, consumer or industrial businesses. Salem is well-positioned to attract those types of companies," Bergeron said.  It is unclear how many jobs the state program has brought to towns like Salem. Officials from the New Hampshire Division of Economic Development said they could not legally release the number of employees each business brought with their move, as the information filed with them was in confidential tax documents.  Businesses receiving Economic Revitalization Zone tax credits can apply for a greater tax advantage if they create more jobs. Only On Call and one company in the now-defunct Plaistow revitalization zone have grown their workforce and applied for additional tax credits.  No companies have taken advantage of the program in Derry since their two zones were approved in 2010, nor have Windham's six zones brought in any business since their approval in 2015.  In two of Salem's preexisting zones, at least 10 business complexes continue to advertise vacancies. That will only increase once JPMorgan Chase & Co. begins moving employees out of their Northeastern Boulevard offices sometime next year.  The tax credits are not a foolproof method of bolstering the state economy, officials acknowledge.  "The (Economic Revitalization Zones) are not the only reason why a company will move to our state. It's one of several factors," Bergeron said, adding that he didn't have any idea why businesses weren't utilizing zones in southern New Hampshire.  Four companies have moved into Londonderry's three zones over the last few years, and one had moved into Plaistow's zone, which the town decided against renewing last year. Plaistow officials did not respond to the question of why they decided not to renew the cost-free zone.  No new companies applied for revitalization zone tax credits in Salem in 2015 or 2016, but there are indications that the newly established zone near the state border could drum up business.  While neither Bergeron nor Garron could state which companies were eyeing parcels near the former Wastewater Treatment Plant. Bergeron said that technology manufacturers and corporations were among those interested.  Though there are vacant buildings scattered around town, Garron says Salem's economic future is looking bright.  "I look at Salem, and it doesn't hurt for development," he said.  Tags Tax Credit Commerce Economics Industry Company Plaistow New Hampshire Michael Bergeron Salem Manufacturer We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. AllisonDeAngelis Follow AllisonDeAngelis Close Get email notifications on AllisonDeAngelis daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever AllisonDeAngelis posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow AllisonDeAngelis Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today ADVERTISERS Events The Eagle-Tribune Student-Athlete Banquet Join us for our first annual student-athlete scholarship banquet where we will be announcing our choice for top student-athlete for the Merrimack Valley and honoring all nominees chosen by their schools. Sponsored by: COMMONWEALTH MOTORSBuy Tickets Featured Homes of the Week +3 1308 Ocean Boulevard, Rye By Sarah Ashley Pratt Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles No bail for teen charged in Lawrence beheading Haverhill gets another casting call Prayers at Haverhill High A perfect fit; Former 'Days of our Lives' actor has found a true home in Newburyport with his family Feds: Men from Haverhill, Lawrence ran drug operation; were caught with heroin, $200K Haverhill police ask public's help identifying robber with gun Teen accused in Lawrence beheading held without bail Snatched away: Man arrested during routine immigration interview Five immigrants arrested by ICE in Lawrence BREAKING: Court officer acquitted on rape, indecent assault charges but convicted of withholding evidence Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 5 April 2017 by Military News TEN Ltd. Announces Closing of Public Offering of Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares, including Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares ATHENS, GREECE–(Marketwired – Apr 5, 2017) – TEN Ltd. („TEN”) (NYSE: TNP), a leading diversified crude, product and LNG tanker operator, today announced the closing of its successful public offering of 4,600,000 Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares („Series E Preferred Shares”), including 600,000 Series E Preferred Shares issued upon the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares. The public offering price was $25.00 per share. The gross proceeds of the offering were $115.0 million. TEN intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include vessel acquisitions and/or strategic investments. TEN has filed an application to list the Series E Preferred Shares on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley, UBS Investment Bank, J.P. Morgan, Citigroup and Stifel acted as joint bookrunners for the offering. BNP PARIBAS and DVB Capital Markets acted as co-managers for the offering. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, telephone: 1-866-718-1649, email: prospectus@morganstanley.com; UBS Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Specialist, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, 10019, telephone: (888) 827-7275; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, telephone: 1-212-834-4533; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: + 1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free) or Stifel at One South Street, 15th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, Attn: Syndicate Department, or telephone: 1-855-300-7136, or e-mail: syndprospectus@stifel.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. ABOUT TSAKOS ENERGY NAVIGATION TEN, founded in 1993, is one of the first and most established public shipping companies in the world today. TEN’s pro-forma fleet, including four Aframax tankers under construction, consists of 65 double-hull vessels, constituting a mix of crude tankers, product tankers and LNG carriers, totaling 7.2 million dwt. Of these, 45 vessels trade in crude, 15 in products, three are shuttle tankers and two are LNG carriers. Visit our company website at: http://www.tenn.gr ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted by such forward-looking statements. TEN undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsNYSE:TNP Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nectar Advanced Assessment Program Gains Momentum Next PostNext Wearable Health Solutions, Inc. (WHSI) Anticipates Increased Revenues For 2017 Search Recent Posts Le CMMI® Institute annonce une croissance record pour la cinquième année consécutive Congresswoman Sinema Honored as BIO Legislator of the Year Zayo Group, LLC Upsizes and Prices $550 Million Senior Notes Offering CenterPoint Energy, Inc. to Host Webcast of First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call on May 5, 2017 Sandstorm Gold Announces Completion of Luna Gold/JDL Gold Combination, Files Early Warning Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Renaissance Investment Group LLC Decreases Stake in Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Renaissance Investment Group LLC Sells 52 Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Lear Co. (LEA) Shares Sold by Renaissance Investment Group LLC Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Stake Maintained by First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Bath Savings Trust Co Has $243,000 Position in Stericycle Inc (SRCL) First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Has $308,000 Position in C R Bard Inc (BCR) Park National Corp OH Sells 2,149 Shares of PG&E Co. (PCG) Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Position Decreased by Pensionfund DSM Netherlands Wedbush Reiterates Outperform Rating for Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) WD-40 Company’s (WDFC) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Tudor Pickering Upgrades Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) to “Buy” Zacks Investment Research Downgrades WashingtonFirst Bankshares Inc (WFBI) to Hold Anthem Inc (ANTM) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Pensionfund DSM Netherlands Purchases New Position in Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Macquarie Group Ltd. Lowers Position in ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Pandora Media Inc (P) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) Stake Increased by Macquarie Group Ltd. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Cuts Position in CBRE Group Inc (CBG) First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division Has $261,000 Position in Exelon Co. (EXC) Renaissance Investment Group LLC Sells 52 Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Renaissance Investment Group LLC lowered its position in BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) by 0.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 9,897 shares of the company’s stock after selling 52 shares during the period. Renaissance Investment Group LLC’s holdings in BlackRock were worth $3,796,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BLK. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in BlackRock during the fourth quarter worth approximately $3,254,686,000. State Street Corp boosted its stake in BlackRock by 7.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,332,773 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,029,332,000 after buying an additional 389,812 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors boosted its stake in BlackRock by 33.3% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 4,375,014 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,585,768,000 after buying an additional 1,092,806 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in BlackRock by 2.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,414,880 shares of the company’s stock worth $875,296,000 after buying an additional 53,785 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Northern Trust Corp boosted its stake in BlackRock by 0.4% in the third quarter. Northern Trust Corp now owns 1,785,263 shares of the company’s stock worth $647,086,000 after buying an additional 6,231 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 80.82% of the company’s stock. Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) traded up 1.09% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $384.94. 106,594 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. BlackRock, Inc. has a one year low of $317.60 and a one year high of $399.46. The company’s 50-day moving average is $385.10 and its 200-day moving average is $373.95. The stock has a market cap of $62.79 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.22 and a beta of 1.72. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last issued its earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The company reported $5.14 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $5.02 by $0.12. The firm had revenue of $2.89 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.93 billion. BlackRock had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 28.44%. BlackRock’s revenue for the quarter was up .9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $4.75 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that BlackRock, Inc. will post $21.38 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 23rd. Investors of record on Monday, March 6th were given a $2.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a $10.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.63%. This is a positive change from BlackRock’s previous quarterly dividend of $2.29. BlackRock’s dividend payout ratio is currently 48.11%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/renaissance-investment-group-llc-sells-52-shares-of-blackrock-inc-blk.html. BLK has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $383.00 target price on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Morgan Stanley restated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Saturday, March 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut shares of BlackRock from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $410.00 to $403.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $406.36. In related news, CFO Gary Shedlin sold 2,417 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $375.00, for a total value of $906,375.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, COO Robert L. Goldstein sold 10,374 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $377.31, for a total value of $3,914,213.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 26,614 shares of company stock worth $10,014,028. 2.20% of the stock is owned by insiders. About BlackRock BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK). Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: The 10 Most Popular Credit Cards (Nos. 1 and 4 Are Surprisingly Not a Joke) These cards (nine of them from retailers) are popular with consumers. Rich Duprey (TMFCop) Apr 5, 2017 at 9:26AM Image source: Getty Images. Carrying credit card balances is not a smart financial move, as the interest rates card issuers charge increase exponentially the cost of whatever it is you bought. Yet according to the Federal Reserve, carry balances we do -- Americans had almost $1 trillion worth in 2016, up 6.5% from the prior year. The folks at WalletHub analyzed user search patterns and application statistics in order to identify the most popular credit cards. While most cards may be the ones you'd expect to find, a couple definitely will raise an eyebrow or two. Source: Best Buy. 1. Best Buy With consumer electronics suffering a 6% decline in sales over the past 12 months, having Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) pop up at the top of this list may raise some eyebrows, not least because the electronics retailer also saw domestic revenue decline 1.2% for the year and consumer electronics represent 34% of sales. Yet the Best Buy credit card also accounted for nearly a quarter of all the sales it made in 2016, or 23%. It did enjoy a 5% increase in comparable sales in the consumer electronics department, second only to appliances, which enjoyed a near-8% increase. So it seems consumers really weren't buying consumer electornics products all that much last year, but when they did, they went to Best Buy to do it, and apparently used its credit card to finance the purchases. However, while you can earn 5% back on purchases made with the Best Buy card, WalletHub notes all four Best Buy cards feature deferred interest, which means interest on purchases is retroactively applied to your entire original purchase amount if you're late paying your bill or don't repay the full balance by the end of the low-rate introductory period. Image source: Wal-Mart. 2. Wal-Mart Is anyone shocked that the world's biggest retailer also ranked very highly on the popularity charts for credit cards? Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) came in second, but WalletHub notes it's best for online purchases where you can earn up to 3% back while in-store purchases only garner you a 1% benefit. Wal-Mart notes its e-commerce offerings have also enjoyed strong growth, as it has invested substantial sums of money into building out the service. Including both its purchase of Jet.com and its online grocery options, Wal-Mart's e-commerce business grew 29% even as store growth expanded by less than 2%. Image source: Gap. 3. Old Navy Old Navy is Gap's (NYSE:GPS) largest retail concept and the only one that's experiencing any growth at all. Sales totaled $6.9 billion in 2016, ahead of the $5.4 billion generated by Gap stores themselves, and the only concept that saw positive comp growth for the year. Same-store sales rose 1% at Old Navy and fell everywhere else. What consumers might like about the Old Navy card is rewards can be earned at any of Gap's stores, including the namesake stores, Banana Republic, or Athleta, and it gives you some special sign-up bonuses and cash-back deals. What's not so sweet is the lack of an introductory rate and a higher-than-average APR that can really hurt if you don't pay your bill in full. Image source: Sears Holdings. 4. Sears Considering Sears Holdings (NASDAQ:SHLD) is reportedly on the brink of bankruptcy, it's surprising so many people are looking to sign up for this credit card. While it's possible they're hoping to rack up charges on going-out-of-business sales, it just may be cardholders are more interested in the retailer's Shop Your Way member loyalty program, the centerpiece of CEO Eddie Lampert's integrated plan to connect how consumers shop. The program awards points for purchases that can be used toward future purchases, and not all the purchases have to be made at Sears or Kmart. There are over 11,000 partners in the program, including ride-sharing app Uber, Burger King, movie ticket site Fandango, even grocers. The Sears MasterCard is the core credit card of the Shop Your Way Platform. Sears' credit card, however, has an even higher APR than Old Navy, according to WalletHub. It's 25.74%, and that's if you have good or excellent credit, which you need to have to get the card in the first place. Image source: Getty Images. 5. Home Depot DIY center Home Depot (NYSE:HD) has ridden the housing market boom higher, reporting a 7% increase in sales in 2016 to $95 billion, and it's expected housing will have another good year in 2017, though not as robust as it was last year. The National Association of Realtors predicts a 1.9% increase in home sales, as there will be a large number of first-time homebuyers entering the market in 2017, and that means they'll be turning to big-box stores like Home Depot to fix up, refresh, repair, and furnish their homes. Home Depot is forecasting sales and comps growth of 4.6% each this year, and likely a good portion of that will be put on its credit cards, since these are typically big-ticket purchases. Yet like we've seen with more than a few of the credit cards on this list, Home Depot charges really high rates, as much as 26.99%, so you're getting no bargain. Image source: Lowe's. 6. Lowe's Similar to Home Depot, big-box DIY rival Lowe's (NYSE:LOW) also ranked among the top 10 most popular credit cards, and for many of the same reasons. The company enjoyed a 10% increase in sales last year and a 4% rise in comps, yet 2017 might prove to be better for it as Lowe's generates more sales from appliances and fashion fixtures than does its orange competitor. Some 11% of sales come from the former category and 10% from the latter, while Home Depot generates just 7% of sales from appliances. In fact, Lowe's is the largest appliance retailer in the country, followed by Home Depot , which overtook Sears last year for second place. Best Buy comes in fourth. That could be why Lowe's credit card is a popular choice for consumers. Still, it has an APR just as high as its DIY rival, though it does give you generous 5% rewards on purchases. Image source: Banana Republic. 7. Banana Republic Another Gap concept, Banana Republic came in seventh on the list, but it's a business in a long, steady decline, with comparable sales plunging 7% in 2016 (although that's slightly better than the 10% drop it suffered the year before). Analysts say it has struggled because it lacks an identity with consumers, or has one that is otherwise forgettable. Coupled with high prices in a period where cheap, fast-fashion retailers like H&M and Century 21 rule, the retail concept has been spiraling down for some time. Like the Old Navy card, the Banana Republic credit card can earn rewards at any of Gap's four concepts, and though it has a high APR, it does offer a few benefits like the equivalent of 5% cash back that makes it understandable why it would be a popular choice even if consumers don't seem to be using it all that much at the store these days. Image source: Gap. 8. Gap Finally, Gap itself shows up on the list, and it carries with it all the advantages and drawbacks that both Old Navy and Banana Republic carry. Since it doesn't matter which store brand card you have, it may be why the most popular brand in the portfolio is also the most popular card. And with Gap also on a multiyear slide in comparable sales, its card may not move higher in the ranks any time soon. Image source: Getty Images. 9. Macy's If there's one trait that's common among the cards, it's that brick-and-mortar retailers are ailing these days, and Macy's (NYSE:M) is no different. It's closed down numerous stores and plans to close 100 over the next few years as sales shrink and move online. Yet unlike most of its rivals, Macy's actually owns a bank subsidiary, FDS Bank, that provides credit processing, collections, customer service, and marketing for all of its own credit card accounts as well as those from Department Stores National Bank, a subsidiary of Citibank.  Image source: Getty Images. 10. Chase Freedom The most notable feature about the JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) Chase Freedom card is that unlike any of the other cards in this top 10, it is not a retailer's credit card. Not surprisingly, Chase is the largest commercial credit card issuer by volume, owning over 19% of the marketplace compared to 16% at Bank of America and distant third place runner-up Wells Fargo at 10.7%. WalletHub finds that so long as you have excellent credit, which you need to qualify for the Freedom card, Chase gives consumers a bevy of benefits that makes it attractive, such as getting back $150 on your first $500 worth of purchases, 5% back on a ever-changing roster of categories, and 0% financing for 15 months. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Duprey (TMFCop)   Rich has been a Fool since 1998 and writing for the site since 2004. After 20 years of patrolling the mean streets of suburbia, he hung up his badge and gun to take up a pen full time. Having made the streets safe for Truth, Justice and Krispy Kreme donuts, he now patrols the markets looking for companies he can lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio. So follow me on Facebook and Twitter for the most important industry news in retail and consumer products and other great stories. Follow @RetlInvstrsWire Article Info Apr 5, 2017 at 9:26AM Consumer Goods Stocks Home Depot NYSE:HD $146.64 up $0.30 (0.21%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.19 down $-1.12 (-1.28%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $71.65 down $0.36 (-0.50%) Best Buy NYSE:BBY $47.97 down $0.68 (-1.40%) Gap NYSE:GPS $22.90 down $0.29 (-1.25%) Macy's NYSE:M $28.82 down $0.07 (-0.24%) Sears Holdings NASDAQ:SHLD $11.39 up $0.03 (0.26%) Lowe's NYSE:LOW $81.62 up $0.03 (0.04%) Read More What Lies Ahead for Lululemon Athletica Inc. After Its Earnings Stumble? Shake Shack Stock: Next Stop, $30? Duluth Holdings' Winning Retail Story in 4 Charts How Conagra Is Adapting to Changing Food Preferences What Happened in the Stock Market Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current The 10 Most Popular Credit Cards (Nos. 1 and 4 Are Surprisingly Not a Joke) @themotleyfool #stocks $HD, $JPM, $WMT, $BBY, $GPS, $M, $SHLD, $LOW
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Tsakos Energy Navigation April 05, 2017 10:52 ET TEN Ltd. Announces Closing of Public Offering of Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares, including Full Exercise of Underwriters' Option to Purchase Additional Shares ATHENS, GREECE--(Marketwired - Apr 5, 2017) - TEN Ltd. ("TEN") (NYSE: TNP), a leading diversified crude, product and LNG tanker operator, today announced the closing of its successful public offering of 4,600,000 Series E Fixed-to-Floating Rate Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares ("Series E Preferred Shares"), including 600,000 Series E Preferred Shares issued upon the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares. The public offering price was $25.00 per share. The gross proceeds of the offering were $115.0 million. TEN intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, which may include vessel acquisitions and/or strategic investments. TEN has filed an application to list the Series E Preferred Shares on the New York Stock Exchange. Morgan Stanley, UBS Investment Bank, J.P. Morgan, Citigroup and Stifel acted as joint bookrunners for the offering. BNP PARIBAS and DVB Capital Markets acted as co-managers for the offering. When available, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, telephone: 1-866-718-1649, email: prospectus@morganstanley.com; UBS Securities LLC, Attention: Prospectus Specialist, 1285 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York, 10019, telephone: (888) 827-7275; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179, telephone: 1-212-834-4533; Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: + 1 (800) 831-9146 (toll free) or Stifel at One South Street, 15th Floor, Baltimore, MD 21202, Attn: Syndicate Department, or telephone: 1-855-300-7136, or e-mail: syndprospectus@stifel.com. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The offering may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying base prospectus. ABOUT TSAKOS ENERGY NAVIGATION TEN, founded in 1993, is one of the first and most established public shipping companies in the world today. TEN's pro-forma fleet, including four Aframax tankers under construction, consists of 65 double-hull vessels, constituting a mix of crude tankers, product tankers and LNG carriers, totaling 7.2 million dwt. Of these, 45 vessels trade in crude, 15 in products, three are shuttle tankers and two are LNG carriers. Visit our company website at: http://www.tenn.gr ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those predicted by such forward-looking statements. TEN undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contact Information For further information please contact: TEN: Tsakos Energy Navigation Ltd. George Saroglou COO +30210 94 07 710 gsaroglou@tenn.gr Investor Relations/Media: Capital Link, Inc. Nicolas Bornozis Paul Lampoutis +212 661 7566 ten@capitallink.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Tsakos Energy Navigation From this industry Transportation and Logistics From this sub-industry Maritime See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Bannon's departure solidifies McMaster's control over the NSC Trump’s 'red line' reversal hints at Syria shift Mega-donor urged Bannon not to resign Not in defense of Bill O’Reilly Gorsuch's writings borrow from other authors Trump immigration adviser ordered to turn over briefing document Politico Morning Tax An early filing of the day's tax news Get the Morning Tax Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print The life and death of the carbon tax By Bernie Becker 04/05/17 10:00 AM EDT CARBON TAX, WE HARDLY KNEW YE: The Trump administration quashed the idea that it had any interest in a carbon tax or a value-added tax on Tuesday, following a Washington Post report that the White House was looking into those options. There already had been some chatter about the administration’s potential interest in those two policies, but a carbon tax and a VAT would have faced a lot of opposition among Republicans. The words Mitch McConnell and carbon tax really don’t mix, for instance, and House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady noted on CNBC that “both the House and Senate in recent years have weighed in pretty heavily with resistance against those ideas.” (House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows said as much to our Colin Wilhelm about a VAT.) Story Continued Below But a couple of downtown types told Morning Tax that it’s pretty natural for a new administration, especially one with relatively little D.C. experience, to kick the tires on those sorts of ideas. Senate Finance Chairman Orrin Hatch had that sort of thought as well, per the Washington Examiner’s Joseph Lawler. Still, you could probably be forgiven for thinking that President Donald Trump’s allies want his administration to whip itself into shape a little more on taxes, especially after senior officials said taxes would be an easier job than health care. “At this point I'm just assuming all of these silly rumors are meaningless. He's already got a good business tax plan that I and others helped write. Stephen Miller agrees with it, [Steven] Mnuchin agrees with it and [Steve] Bannon agrees with it. Make it simple and pass what you've got,” CNBC’s Larry Kudlow told POLITICO's Morning Money, referencing Trump’s senior policy adviser, Treasury secretary and chief strategist, respectively. For his part, Brady, asked about the lack of one person in charge of tax within the Trump administration, would only tell Colin “they have a very talented team” and “they'll have to decide who's running point for them.” IT’S WEDNESDAY — and, in a forerunner to today’s budget battles, the 95th birthday of the American Birth Control League (which eventually became Planned Parenthood) and the 84th birthday of the Civilian Conservation Corps (which became the model for an AmeriCorps program). Let us know what’s going on out there. Email: bbecker@politico.com, teckert@politico.com, bfaler@politico.com, cwilhelm@politico.com, alorenzo@politico.com. Twitter: @berniebecker3, @tobyeckert, @brian_faler, @colinwilhelm, @AaronELorenzo, @POLITICOPro and @Morning_Tax. THE DAY IN DBCFT: The House Agriculture Committee is wading into the tax reform debate this morning — and both sides of the border adjustment fight seem to believe that the agriculture sector is a key battleground. The short version as to why: The House GOP’s destination-based cash flow tax is meant to help export-heavy sectors like agriculture. Industry advocates and agriculture state lawmakers understand that, but also openly worry about potential retaliation from trading partners. With that in mind, the American Made Coalition — the organization backing the House plan — has a new statement on the topic from Blue Diamond Growers, the California company known for almonds that’s a part of the group. “Agriculture faces unique challenges and a complicated tax code is one of them. Blue Diamond Growers supports modernizing our tax code and creating a system that is fair and promotes economic growth. The House blueprint offers an opportunity to achieve these outcomes,” said Bronte Wigen, a representative for the company. The pro coalition also has a new web video, showcasing border adjustability’s fans among the economist set — featuring, among others, Martin Feldstein of Harvard and Doug Holtz-Eakin of the American Action Forum. On the anti side, Americans for Affordable Products has a release detailing all the pro-agriculture people and companies skeptical of a border adjustment — like former Senate Finance Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa), Sens. Cory Gardner (R-Colo.) and Mike Rounds (R-S.D.), and John Deere’s chief executive. Also of note: It’s no secret that there’s not a lot of support — or maybe none at all — for a border adjustment in the Senate. But as POLITICO's Heather Caygle and Josh Dawsey reported, Marc Short, Trump’s point man on the Hill, told a group of more centrist Democrats that the idea was “dead on arrival in the Senate,” as one congressman put it. MAYBE NOT DISTRUST, BUT CERTAINLY VERIFY: Brady kicked off his outreach to Democrats on tax reform on Tuesday, with perhaps the most sympathetic audience possible — the more business-friendly New Democrats. But as our Aaron Lorenzo and your Morning Tax author found, the New Dems are far from sold on what Brady’s offering, and the familiar obstacles to a bipartisan tax deal — like should a tax overhaul raise revenue — haven’t gone anywhere. “No one said: ‘Love it. You got me.’ No one said that. But if there’s going to be a friendly audience open to tax reform a la Dave Camp, it’s going to be New Dems,” said Rep. Gerry Connolly of Virginia, the New Dems’ whip, referring to the former Republican Ways and Means chairman. “But we’re far away from embracing the specifics. Far away.” THAT COULD LEAVE A MARK: Long story short — IRS structuring investigations led to the seizure of legally obtained assets around nine out of 10 times between 2012 and 2014, according to a new report from Treasury’s inspector general for tax administration. That’s in large part because Justice Department officials wanted quick resolutions, not necessarily thorough investigations, our Toby Eckert reports. The IRS changed its processes after news reports questioned its seizure policies, but Reps. Peter Roskam (R-Ill.) and Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.) are still pushing legislation to further protect taxpayers from the investigations. Roskam and other Republicans said in a statement Tuesday that the audit confirmed that the agency had been abusing its authority. Meanwhile, Nina Olson, the national taxpayer advocate — pardon the pun here — seized on a somewhat under-the-radar issue within the report. In short, Olson is worried that the IRS will only take into account a person’s constitutional rights in a seizure investigation, and not their taxpayer rights, such as the right to challenge a position held by the agency. That’s even though Congress codified the taxpayer bill of rights in 2015. Also of note on the IRS front: The agency announced today that it would begin sending letters within weeks to the taxpayers who have debts that will be handled by private collectors, as your Morning Tax author noted. The IRS said it would carefully watch to see if scammers saw the private collection program, passed by Congress in 2015, as an opportunity to expand their enterprises. And for your regular reminder: Grassley and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) have been longtime fans of that kind of program, even though Olson has said two previous attempts were failures. (Two of the four debt collectors in the program are in New York, and one is in Iowa.) TRY, TRY AGAIN: Sens. Jeanne Shaheen (D-N.H.) and Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) are out with a new bill that would mandate that the IRS give many taxpayers a simple return — one page, with the information already filled in. Some European countries already offer that service, and Warren, Shaheen and other senators rolled out a similar measure last year. But the tax prep industry here in the U.S. isn’t so enamored with the proposal, as ProPublica noted, and some Republicans have questioned giving the IRS the dual job of preparer and collector. KA. CHING. Rep. Kristi Noem (R-S.D.) is running to become Gov. Kristi Noem — and she’s leaning fully on her seat on the House Ways and Means Committee to help her get there, as Campaign Pro’s Daniel Strauss reported. Noem has filed to run for both governor and Congress again, but her team says she’s all in to be South Dakota’s chief executive. She’s also been hosting a fair number of events with her fellow Ways and Means Republicans — luckily, right as tax reform and health care are heating up. (Stay for the cameo from Cleta Mitchell, the lawyer who represented tea party groups suing the IRS.) THE WORLD ACCORDING TO DIMON: Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase’s chief executive, is out pounding the pavement for tax reform in his annual letter to shareholders, making the case that America’s high statutory corporate rate is dragging down wages for workers. Dimon also reiterated his support for expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit, which is aimed at boosting the working poor and which he says helps bring people back into the workforce. (Or as the Business Insider headline put it: “Jamie Dimon just doubled down in supporting a little-known tax that pays poor people.”) INTERNATIONAL UPDATE — ITALY, VATICAN, REUNITED: Italy on Tuesday put the Vatican on a list of countries with cooperative financial sectors — after years on the outside, Reuters reported. Pope Francis has made a point of saying he wants to clean up the Vatican’s banking industry — after, as Reuters put it, financial organizations had “criticized the Vatican for providing a tax haven for well-connected Italians by allowing them to hold accounts in the Vatican bank, formally known as the Institute for Works of Religion (IOR).” STATE NEWS — KEEP PASSING THE SALT: Seven groups representing state and local governments are out with a new letter backing the state and local tax deduction, which would almost certainly get a close look in any GOP tax overhaul. (The groups also want to keep the exemption for municipal bond interest, also key to local governments.) “We do not believe it is the intent of Congress to undermine the ability of states and local governments to meet the needs of the citizens we all serve through comprehensive tax reform,” the groups wrote. Speaking of SALT: The Los Angeles Times examines the condition of the deduction, a big deal for California. THINK D.C. IS DOING TOO WELL? Then you’ve got some new ammunition from Mayor Muriel Bowser’s latest budget — which projects that revenues will grow another $300 million in the upcoming fiscal year, The Washington Post reports. The budget would also continue to implement tax cuts enacted by the city council in 2014, though critics say Bowser’s latest proposals don’t do enough to strengthen the safety net. That said, lower- and middle-income families can expect to pay less in taxes because of more robust personal exemptions and standard deductions. QUICK LINKS — Former White House Council of Economic Advisers Chairman Jason Furman’s prescriptions for making tax reform bipartisan. — Democrats prepare another go for Trump’s tax returns. — Small-business owners protest a potential soda tax in Seattle. DID YOU KNOW? The Vatican features banks with ATMs that use Latin. « View Archives Authors: Bernie Becker bbecker@politico.com About The Author Bernie Becker is a tax reporter for POLITICO Pro, where he is primarily responsible for writing the Morning Tax tipsheet. He previously covered taxes for The Hill, and was an editorial assistant for The New York Times in Washington. A native of Martinsville, Va., Becker has degrees from the College of William and Mary and the University of Maryland. He now lives in Northwest D.C. with his wife and young daughter. His hobbies include running, reading history books, eating spicy food and watching his daughter chase his cat. Most Read Bannon ousted from National Security Council Trump immigration adviser ordered to turn over briefing document Sanders wing dealt setback in Calif. special election Bannon's departure solidifies McMaster's control over the NSC Like Middle East Wars? You’re Gonna Love President Trump Freedom Caucus warns leadership on tax reform Not in Defense of Bill O’Reilly Swalwell dares Trump: Declassify the surveillance documents Poll: Voters recoil from government shutdown Trump calls Bill O’Reilly a ‘good person’ amid harassment revelations Morning Tax - POLITICO Archive Wednesday, 4/5/17 Tuesday, 4/4/17 Monday, 4/3/17 Friday, 3/31/17 Thursday, 3/30/17 View the Full Morning Tax Archives » Politico Magazine Trump's Normality Problem By Rich Lowry Israel Deserves a Seat on the Security Council By Danny Danon Why Are So Many White Americans Dying? By Katelyn Fossett Like Middle East Wars? You’re Gonna Love President Trump By Colin H. Kahl More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Has $55,261,000 Position in United States Steel Co. (X) Beacon Financial Group Has $388,000 Position in Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Canal Insurance CO Continues to Hold Position in ConocoPhillips (COP) McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. Has $487,000 Stake in Allstate Corp (ALL) NuStar Energy L.P. (NS) Stake Increased by McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. Has $327,000 Stake in GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Strong-Buy” W. R. Grace & Co (GRA) Position Lowered by McQueen Ball & Associates Inc. Liberty Capital Management Inc. Has $484,000 Stake in SYSCO Co. (SYY) Macy's Inc (M) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Strong-Buy Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for ProMetic Life Sciences (PLI) 26,000 Shares in Fiserv Inc (FISV) Acquired by Pensionfund DSM Netherlands CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Park National Corp OH Sells 52,189 Shares of Medtronic plc. (MDT) Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Unlikely to Effect Embraer SA (ERJ) Stock Price Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Receives “Sell” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Zacks Investment Research Downgrades AC Immune Ltd (ACIU) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Alliance Holdings GP, L.P. (AHGP) to Hold Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Getting Very Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 0.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 794,930 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,226 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC’s holdings in AFLAC were worth $55,327,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in AFL. Pegasus Partners Ltd. increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 16.4% in the fourth quarter. Pegasus Partners Ltd. now owns 9,822 shares of the company’s stock worth $684,000 after buying an additional 1,387 shares in the last quarter. Auxier Asset Management increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 11.6% in the fourth quarter. Auxier Asset Management now owns 77,920 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,423,000 after buying an additional 8,100 shares in the last quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC increased its position in shares of AFLAC by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Vident Investment Advisory LLC now owns 32,923 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,291,000 after buying an additional 363 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of AFLAC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,454,272,000. Finally, Sowell Financial Services LLC acquired a new position in shares of AFLAC during the fourth quarter worth approximately $265,000. Institutional investors own 62.45% of the company’s stock. AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) opened at 72.61 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $71.97 and a 200-day moving average price of $70.80. AFLAC Incorporated has a 12-month low of $62.59 and a 12-month high of $74.50. The company has a market cap of $29.15 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.31 and a beta of 1.01. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. The company earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a return on equity of 13.10% and a net margin of 11.79%. AFLAC’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.56 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.41 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Position in AFLAC Incorporated (AFL)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/teachers-advisors-llc-raises-position-in-aflac-incorporated-afl.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday. Zacks Investment Research downgraded AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “underperform” rating and set a $62.00 target price (down previously from $65.00) on shares of AFLAC in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on AFLAC in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 target price for the company. Finally, Evercore ISI upgraded AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $72.08. In related news, Director Karole Lloyd bought 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $68.42 per share, for a total transaction of $136,840.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 4,441 shares in the company, valued at $303,853.22. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider James Todd Daniels sold 1,400 shares of AFLAC stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.39, for a total value of $101,346.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 15,699 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,136,450.61. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333. Company insiders own 3.90% of the company’s stock. About AFLAC Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AFLAC Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberty Capital Management Inc. Has $164,000 Stake in Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Position Reduced by Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC Universal Insurance Holdings (UVE) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.48 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Uroplasty (UPI) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Unit (UNT) Share Price Cowen and Company Lowers Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Price Target to $35.00 CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) Earns Buy Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) Research Coverage Started at Wells Fargo & Co Research Analysts Offer Predictions for T-Mobile US Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (TMUS) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Lincoln National Co. Raised by Analyst (LNC) WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Research Coverage Started at Deutsche Bank AG Invesco Dynamic Credit Opportunities Fd (VTA) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact Vanda Pharmaceuticals (VNDA) Share Price Vinacapital Vietnam Opportunity Fund Ld (VOF) Receives Buy Rating from Liberum Capital ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €22.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Vinacapital Vietnam Opportunity Fund Ld (VOF) Receives Buy Rating from Liberum Capital ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €22.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Consolidated Water Co. (CWCO) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.15 Corcept Therapeutics (CORT) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Air Products & Chemicals (APD) Getting Very Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Position Reduced by Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC decreased its position in AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) by 4.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 38,282 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,970 shares during the period. Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC’s holdings in AFLAC were worth $2,772,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.4% in the third quarter. Lbmc Investment Advisors LLC now owns 3,041 shares of the company’s stock worth $219,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. ETRADE Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. ETRADE Capital Management LLC now owns 3,840 shares of the company’s stock worth $276,000 after buying an additional 18 shares during the period. FTB Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. FTB Advisors Inc. now owns 4,841 shares of the company’s stock worth $345,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC raised its position in shares of AFLAC by 0.5% in the third quarter. BerganKDV Wealth Management LLC now owns 11,285 shares of the company’s stock worth $811,000 after buying an additional 56 shares during the period. Finally, Sawtooth Solutions LLC raised its position in shares of AFLAC by 1.6% in the third quarter. Sawtooth Solutions LLC now owns 3,665 shares of the company’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 56 shares during the period. 62.45% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL) opened at 72.83 on Wednesday. AFLAC Incorporated has a 1-year low of $62.59 and a 1-year high of $74.50. The firm has a market cap of $29.24 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.34 and a beta of 1.01. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $71.97 and its 200-day moving average is $70.80. AFLAC (NYSE:AFL) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 31st. The company reported $1.46 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.63 by $0.17. The company earned $6 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.65 billion. AFLAC had a net margin of 11.79% and a return on equity of 13.10%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 12.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $1.56 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that AFLAC Incorporated will post $6.41 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “AFLAC Incorporated (AFL) Position Reduced by Franklin Street Advisors Inc. NC” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/aflac-incorporated-afl-position-reduced-by-franklin-street-advisors-inc-nc.html. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on shares of AFLAC from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on shares of AFLAC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $73.00 target price on the stock. Evercore ISI raised shares of AFLAC from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of AFLAC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada dropped their target price on shares of AFLAC from $65.00 to $62.00 and set an “underperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. AFLAC has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $72.08. In related news, Director Karole Lloyd acquired 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The stock was bought at an average price of $68.42 per share, with a total value of $136,840.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 4,441 shares in the company, valued at approximately $303,853.22. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Hiroshi Yamauchi sold 19,850 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.00, for a total value of $1,409,350.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 93,594 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,645,174. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 52,630 shares of company stock valued at $3,760,333. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. AFLAC Company Profile Aflac Incorporated is a business holding company. The Company is involved in supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (Aflac). The Company’s insurance business consists of two segments: Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AFL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for AFLAC Incorporated (NYSE:AFL). Receive News & Ratings for AFLAC Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AFLAC Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Recent News Demolition market close to eruption, as owners hold out for higher prices Why VLCC Rates in West Africa are Firming DSME and DNV GL partner for efficient LNG carrier design Focus & Simplicity is the headline of NORDEN’s strategy – And both focus and simplicity were needed in 2016 says Chairman CMM, HHI, Wärtsila and DNV GL reveal LPGreen concept design Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Shipping News / International Shipping News / Seadrill in a Free Fall Seen Left to Day Traders as Hope Fades Seadrill in a Free Fall Seen Left to Day Traders as Hope Fades in International Shipping News 05/04/2017 Seadrill Ltd., once the crown jewel of billionaire John Fredriksen’s business empire, is at the mercy of short-term speculators as the biggest funds shun the offshore driller amid a struggle to avoid bankruptcy. “It’s trading at option value and day traders are the ones pushing the price up and down,” Anders Bergland, an analyst at Clarksons Platou Securities AS, said Tuesday, right after the company again warned shareholders and bond investors they were facing steep losses in any restructuring deal. “There are no funds buying this right now, it’s trading.” Seadrill fell as much as 29 percent on Wednesday after closing 38 percent down the day before, already at a record low. The stock traded 25 percent lower at 6.51 kroner as of 12:47 p.m. in Oslo. The company has been working on a restructuring of the offshore-drilling industry’s biggest debt load for more than a year. With net interest-bearing debt of $8.9 billion at the end of 2016, Seadrill has been particularly exposed as oil companies slashed spending following the collapse of crude prices in 2014. ‘Train Wreck’ The risks of equity dilution and bankruptcy had been voiced by the company earlier and should in any case have been “obvious,” said Alex Brooks, an analyst in London at Canaccord Genuity Group Inc. who stopped covering Seadrill last month after following the stock on and off for nearly eight years. “We seem to see this over and over again: shareholders are willing to trade stocks on hope value right up until the moment the train wreck becomes obvious,” he said in an email. “It’s astonishing, and probably reflects rather badly on people like me who are unable to get our message out.” Seadrill has lost 97 percent of its value since the middle of 2014, contributing to a more than 40 percent drop in Fredriksen’s net worth, which is currently estimated by the Bloomberg Billionaire Index at about $9.7 billion. The biggest sellers of the shares last year included Barclays Plc, JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and Deutsche Bank AG, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. The company said on Tuesday it got further extensions on bank loans totaling $2.9 billion, allowing it to again postpone the deadline for a restructuring deal by three months to the end of July. Warning shareholders they faced “minimal recovery” of their positions, Seadrill said a comprehensive agreement with creditors would “likely involve schemes of arrangement or chapter 11 proceedings,” eventualities that had previously been mentioned by the company in case a deal was not reached. Fredriksen, a Norwegian-born Cypriot who acts as Seadrill’s chairman and owns about 24 percent of the company, said last week the company was getting closer to a restructuring agreement, though it was a “big job.” He repeated that in an interview with Dagens Naeringsliv on Tuesday, adding Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection was only one option among others and that how much capital he puts into the company will depend on the solution. Source: Bloomberg 2017-04-05 hellenicshippingnews. tweet Share Previous: TT Club: Tools of the container trade Next: Stolt-Nielsen: Slight improvement in rates expected in 1Q Related News Demolition market close to eruption, as owners hold out for higher prices 06/04/2017 Why VLCC Rates in West Africa are Firming 06/04/2017 DSME and DNV GL partner for efficient LNG carrier design 06/04/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos April 5 Energy Commentary: Todd Colvin 05/04/2017 Port of Los Angeles Live Stream 05/04/2017 50 ans de conteneurisation / 50 years of containerization 05/04/2017 A Helicopter Ride Offshore | 360 Video 05/04/2017 Lazaro Cardenas Sub 05/04/2017 Time Lapse: Cranes in the West Basin 05/04/2017 April 4 Energy Commentary; Bob Iaccino 04/04/2017 カミ丸6 一般貨物船 日本興運 M/V KAMI MARU NO.6 2017-JAN 04/04/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Economy Policies Finance Photo News Thu, April 6, 2017 | 16:08 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Trend Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English Finance Global financial firms leaving Korea Posted : 2017-04-05 16:59 Updated : 2017-04-05 17:45 By Nam Hyun-woo A growing number of global financial firms have left Korea or have downsized their businesses here possibly because they no longer see the country's market as lucrative, industry sources said Wednesday. The Korean branch of global asset management firm Fidelity International has reportedly decided to put an end to its fund management businesses recently. Many of its employees have already left the company while some others were moved to Fidelity's other regional affiliates in Hong Kong and Singapore. Its sales department would be kept for the sales of the firm's funds products managed directly by Fidelity headquarters. An official at Fidelity International Korea said: "It is true that there is an ongoing debate about the firm's domestic fund management team, but the company has not been informed about further developments related to the issue." The move came after the Korean branch posted losses in the second to fourth quarters last year. According to the Korea Financial Investment Association, it saw 729 million won ($650,000) in losses during the second quarter and the amount increased to 1.4 billion won in the third quarter and 1.52 billion won in the fourth. Other global asset management firms in Korea struggled last year. Lazard Korea Asset Management saw the size of its funds under management decline by 60 percent in 2016 from a year earlier. They have been faltering here for years. After Goldman Sachs withdrew its asset management unit in Korea in 2012, its peers including JPMorgan Asset Management Korea have downsized their workforces to improve their balance sheets. Among the foreign brokerages active here, Deutsche Securities Korea is rumored to be planning an exit. Though the firm is flatly denying the allegation, such rumors are growing possibly due to its poor performance last year. Fear is also growing in the banking sector, where global lenders' Korean branches saw a contraction in their net profits. According to the Financial Supervisory Service, the combined net profit of 37 branches of foreign banks operating in Korea stood at 764.9 billion won in 2016, down 31.8 percent from a year earlier. The disappointing results are attributable to the dropping interest profit, which decreased 26.2 percent last year. Against this backdrop, watchers worry about an exodus of foreign banks' Korean branches. Last October, BBVA shut its branch in Seoul. Earlier in the year, Goldman Sachs gave up its banking license in Korea and Barclays closed its Seoul office. Their exits seemingly stem from not only their aggravated profitability here but also the introduction of BASEL III banking guidelines, which require banks to substantially strengthen their capital ratios. namhw@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter [Crime Scene] Graduate student used school lab to cook meth Activist sues Korean, Chinese authorities over air pollution Korea Tour Cards flying off shelves Man jailed for hiring thugs to punish daughter's bullies US may deploy Zumwalt stealth destroyer here [Crime Scene] Police arrest man over alleged sexual assault of Japanese tourist in Seoul Illegal 'ghost marriages' still linger in China Japanese envoy becomes laughing stock in Korea Another ex-comfort woman dies Chinese tourists shun Korea over missile battery Foal Eagle exercise Hazy Seoul No sale to Chinese Fine dust blanket Random candidacy Ostensible friends Worries over Taegeukgi Surprise! VX nerve agent used in assassination of Kim: police Dongwha Group Chairman awarded Park's impeachment About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
Financial News News JP Morgan taps Morgan Stanley for top healthcare banker Morgan Stanley's chairman of M&A in Emea is returning to the bank he first joined in 1992 iStockPhoto By Fareed Sahloul April 5, 2017 Updated: 1:23 p.m. GMT JP Morgan has hired rival Morgan Stanley's co-head of healthcare investment banking, according to an internal memo seen by FN. Michele Colocci is rejoining the bank as co-head of of industry coverage for corporates in Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and global co-head of healthcare investment banking. He will share the first of those roles with Harry Hampson and the other with Jeff Stute, according to the memo signed by JP Morgan's head of banking for Emea, Viswas Raghavan. Colocci will report to Raghavan. At Morgan Stanley he was also most recently chairman of M&A in Emea. He began his career at Bain & Co before joining the M&A team at JP Morgan in Europe in 1992, according to the memo. Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Oliver Wyman: Bankers should be happier than fund managers 2. BlackRock’s ‘robot’ stock-pickers are more of a tweak than a game-changer 3. Deal or no deal, there’s more than Brexit on bankers’ minds 4. A history of makeovers leaves Citigroup chasing growth 5. Fund management’s top dealmaker holds steady in gathering storm Top Stories Meet the 29-year-old out to solve Mifid II’s research puzzle Jamie Dimon on tactics, $10bn tech bills and ‘too big to fail’ A decade after RBS, ABN Amro preps a UK banking push JP Morgan’s Pinto: ‘We’ll tackle disruption on our own terms’ Tony Blair’s democratic insurrection against Brexit © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NGL Energy Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NGL Energy Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $2,045,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $66,392,000 Stake in Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Guggenheim Capital LLC Raises Stake in United Fire Group, Inc. (UFCS) Guggenheim Capital LLC Cuts Position in Vascular Solutions, Inc. (VASC) Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Vereit Inc (VER) Position Raised by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts MITIE Group PLC (MITFY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Shiseido Co. LTD. (SSDOY) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research South State Co. (SSB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research N+1 Singer Reiterates “Buy” Rating for First Derivatives plc (FDP) Momo Inc (MOMO) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Shares Sold by Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Two Sigma Investments LP Buys 2,372 Shares of Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Two Sigma Investments LP Invests $379,000 in Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Rush Enterprises, Inc. (RUSHA) Receives $29.33 Consensus PT from Analysts Insider Selling: BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) EVP Sells $346,793.50 in Stock The Carlyle Group LP (CG) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet NGL Energy Partners LP (NYSE:NGL) has been given an average rating of “Buy” by the nine research firms that are presently covering the firm. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have given a hold recommendation and five have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month target price among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $20.57. A number of equities analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of NGL Energy Partners from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. raised shares of NGL Energy Partners from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $24.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday, January 12th. FBR & Co cut their price target on shares of NGL Energy Partners from $29.00 to $28.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Stifel Nicolaus downgraded shares of NGL Energy Partners from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $22.00 to $21.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, TheStreet raised shares of NGL Energy Partners from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/05/ngl-energy-partners-lp-ngl-given-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-by-analysts.html. NGL Energy Partners (NYSE:NGL) opened at 22.80 on Wednesday. NGL Energy Partners has a 12-month low of $7.30 and a 12-month high of $25.80. The company’s market capitalization is $2.51 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $22.43 and a 200 day moving average of $20.69. NGL Energy Partners (NYSE:NGL) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported ($0.07) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.48. NGL Energy Partners had a positive return on equity of 9.99% and a negative net margin of 0.85%. The firm earned $3.41 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.09 billion. Analysts expect that NGL Energy Partners will post $1.74 EPS for the current fiscal year. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Alps Advisors Inc. increased its stake in NGL Energy Partners by 3.8% in the third quarter. Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 6,122,006 shares of the company’s stock valued at $115,339,000 after buying an additional 226,076 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in NGL Energy Partners by 21.5% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 3,544,782 shares of the company’s stock valued at $66,784,000 after buying an additional 627,232 shares during the period. Advisory Research Inc. increased its stake in NGL Energy Partners by 0.8% in the fourth quarter. Advisory Research Inc. now owns 1,942,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,801,000 after buying an additional 14,507 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in NGL Energy Partners by 6.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,730,042 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,594,000 after buying an additional 101,938 shares during the period. Finally, Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its stake in NGL Energy Partners by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 1,474,686 shares of the company’s stock valued at $30,968,000 after buying an additional 18,863 shares during the period. 68.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About NGL Energy Partners NGL Energy Partners LP owns and operates a vertically integrated energy business. The Company’s segments are crude oil logistics, water solutions, liquids, retail propane, refined products and renewables, and corporate and other. Its crude oil logistics segment includes owned and leased crude oil storage terminals, and owned and leased pipeline injection stations. Receive News & Ratings for NGL Energy Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NGL Energy Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
