ARN - Australian Reseller News News All News Government Products Round Table yARN 5 for 15 Tech Technologies 3D Printing Apps Cloud Computing Datacentre Mobile Solutions MSP Networking PC and Components Products/Reviews Security Social Networking Storage Software Tech Hive Telecommunications Unified Communications Virtualisation Windows 8 Central Markets Green Channel Market Watch Retail Services SMB Market Events View all events Resources Resources ARN Library Microsites Webinars Videos Contacts Brand Posts e-Mags Email the Editor Jobs Media Releases Slideshows Subscribe to print Subscribe online Subscribe to IDG Publications Ad Specifications Directories Distributor Directory Find distributors by name | vendor | location Vendor Directory Find vendors by name | category Contact Sign in/Subscribe Existing Member Forgot password? Join ARN Sign up to gain exclusive access to email subscriptions, event invitations, competitions, giveaways, and much more. Sign up now Menu ARN Five arrested in JPMorgan US hacking case Five arrested in JPMorgan US hacking case Bloomberg sources claim a recent set of arrests are related to the 2014 JPMorgan computer compromise affecting 83 million people Joab Jackson (IDG News Service) 22 July, 2015 08:43 - - - - print email Comments U.S law enforcement officials have arrested five individuals who reportedly were involved in the high-profile 2014 computer hacking of JPMorgan. Three of the individuals were arrested for stock manipulation while the other two were arrested for running an illegal Bitcoin exchange, according to the FBI. Grand jury indictments unsealed Tuesday for each don't mention the JPMorgan attacks, but sources told both the Wall Street Journal and Bloomberg that all five individuals are people of interest in the FBI's investigation of the JPMorgan attack. The perpetrators of that attack stole the login credentials of a JPMorgan employee and used it to access 90 of the company's servers. They subsequently stole details including names, email addresses and phone numbers for about 76 million households and seven million businesses. No financial information was compromised, according to JPMorgan, though the attackers accessed multiple systems. The attackers also penetrated the systems of other banks, according to reports. Initially, JPMorgan suspected the Russian government was involved, though subsequent investigations had ruled out the possibility. Of the arrests Tuesday, in the stock manipulation case Israeli citizens Gery Shalon and Ziv Orenstein were apprehended, along with U.S. citizen Joshua Samuel Aaron, the FBI said. Their scheme was a classic pump-and-dump operation, involving artificially raising the value of low-volume stocks and then selling them at an inflated price to unwary buyers attracted through spam e-mail, according to court documents. The operation took place in 2011 and 2012. Separately, Yuri Lebedev and Anthony Murgio were also arrested for operating an unlicensed Bitcoin exchange, Coin.mx, which traded over $1.8 million worth of Bitcoin on behalf of tens of thousands of clients, in violation of federal anti-money-laundering laws. Joab Jackson covers enterprise software and general technology breaking news for The IDG News Service. Follow Joab on Twitter at @Joab_Jackson. Joab's e-mail address is Joab_Jackson@idg.com Expanding sales and opportunities for data solutions More from Dicker Data Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Join the ARN newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. Tags CriminalU.S. Department of JusticesecuritylegalJPMorgan Read next Kill switch slowly stops the spread of deadly ransomware Canberra beckons as cash cow for Australia’s IT contractors Channel comes together as ARN launches inaugural After Hours in Melbourne ARN Distributor Directory Find distributors by name - vendor - location ARN Vendor Directory Find vendors by name - category Slideshows Channel comes together as ARN launches inaugural After Hours in Melbourne Partners, vendors and distributors came together for ARN's inaugural launch of After Hours in Melbourne, designed to further unite the Australian channel through a series of invite-only social events in Victoria. Photos by Raymond Korn.​ Channel comes together as ARN launches inaugural After Hours in Melbourne Ingram Micro kicks off Ingram Experience 2017 roadshow in Melbourne Ingram Micro’s national partner event, Ingram Experience, kicked off in Melbourne this week, bringing together resellers and vendors from the Australian ICT industry. Providing the opportunity for partners to get hands on with the latest technology solutions and services, the event also offered insights on how to drive focus, growth and profitability within business. Photos by Raymond Korn. Ingram Micro kicks off Ingram Experience 2017 roadshow in Melbourne Inside the AWS Summit in Sydney As the dust settles on the 2017 AWS Summit in Sydney, ARN looks back an action packed two-day event, covering global keynote presentations, 80 breakout sessions on the latest technology solutions, and channel focused tracks involving local cloud stories and insights. Inside the AWS Summit in Sydney Related Whitepapers Selling Managed Services 6 Tips To Reinvent Your Sales Pitch The Ultimate Guide to As-A-Service ConnectWise Success Story - How one Australian Company Built Efficiencies Around their All-Star Team Case Study | Protecting customers' data with all-in-one solution from Solarwinds MSP Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Optus outlines $10M mobile infrastructure upgrade plan in Western QLD   Copyright 2017 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites: PC World | GoodGearGuide | Computerworld Australia | CIO Australia | CMO Australia | CSO Online | Techworld | CIO Executive Council Links: Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] | Advertising | Books | Downloads Latest News May 13 Kill switch slowly stops the spread of deadly ransomware May 13 ​Australia on the edge as ransomware attacks ravage the world May 13 HP rolls out patch to fix keylogging bug in certain laptops May 12 Canberra beckons as cash cow for Australia’s IT contractors More News ​Australia on the edge as ransomware attacks ravage the world Canberra beckons as cash cow for Australia’s IT contractors ARN Events 16 May Emerging Leaders 2017 08 Jun Creating ROIs with a Security Strategy 30 Jul EDGE 2017 Industry Events 16 May Sydney Synology Solution Day 2017 18 May Brisbane Synology Solution Day 2017 25 May ManageEngine Seminar: Bring IT together View all events Featured Emerging Leaders 2017 Emerging Leaders 2017 EDGE 2017 EDGE 2017 ARN ICT Industry Awards ARN ICT Industry Awards Women in ICT Awards Women in ICT Awards
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CME Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Raises Position in Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Holds Position in Intuit Inc. (INTU) Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Cuts Position in Flowserve Corp (FLS) Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Acquires 738 Shares of Knowles Corp (KN) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Lowers Position in American Financial Group Inc (AFG) FTB Advisors Inc. Increases Stake in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Shares Sold by FTB Advisors Inc. Discover Financial Services (DFS) is Copeland Capital Management LLC’s 8th Largest Position CME Group Inc (CME) Stake Cut by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Stag Industrial Inc (STAG) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $70.83 Million Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Michael Kors Holdings (KORS) Share Price Aoxin Tianli Group (ABAC) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.44 Cadiz (CDZI) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows STADA ARZNEIMITTEL NPV(REGD) (VINKULIERT) (STDAF) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Enable Midstream Partners (ENBL) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Bonterra Energy Corp Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $1.36 Per Share (BNE) Callidus Software Inc. (CALD) Position Held by Flinton Capital Management LLC Advisors Asset Management Inc. Sells 7,854 Shares of Cincinnati Financial Co. (CINF) Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $655,000 Position in Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $360,000 Position in Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) CME Group Inc (CME) Stake Cut by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co cut its stake in CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME) by 3.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 2,650 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 100 shares during the period. FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co’s holdings in CME Group were worth $315,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp boosted its stake in CME Group by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 17,986,325 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,084,930,000 after buying an additional 977,421 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in CME Group by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,226,868 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $833,618,000 after buying an additional 371,705 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in CME Group by 1.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,064,945 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $738,427,000 after buying an additional 88,456 shares in the last quarter. Edgewood Management LLC boosted its stake in CME Group by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Edgewood Management LLC now owns 5,716,596 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $659,409,000 after buying an additional 81,244 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Thornburg Investment Management Inc. boosted its stake in CME Group by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. now owns 4,718,894 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $544,324,000 after buying an additional 117,800 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.06% of the company’s stock. Shares of CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME) traded down 0.53% during trading on Friday, reaching $116.17. 1,140,479 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $117.87 and its 200 day moving average is $117.39. The company has a market capitalization of $39.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.15 and a beta of 0.88. CME Group Inc has a 1-year low of $92.29 and a 1-year high of $127.60. CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $1.22 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.20 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $929 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $932.06 million. CME Group had a net margin of 42.67% and a return on equity of 7.28%. CME Group’s revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.15 earnings per share. Equities analysts anticipate that CME Group Inc will post $4.88 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “CME Group Inc (CME) Stake Cut by FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/cme-group-inc-cme-stake-cut-by-fukoku-mutual-life-insurance-co.html. Several analysts have issued reports on CME shares. Deutsche Bank AG lowered their target price on shares of CME Group from $137.00 to $134.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of CME Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $128.00 price objective on shares of CME Group in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of CME Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada lowered their price objective on shares of CME Group from $133.00 to $130.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, May 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $111.59. In other news, Director Ronald A. Pankau sold 500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $122.11, for a total value of $61,055.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 3,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $427,385. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Dennis Suskind sold 1,099 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $115.29, for a total transaction of $126,703.71. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $576,450. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 13,030 shares of company stock worth $1,581,964. 0.61% of the stock is owned by insiders. About CME Group CME Group Inc, through its exchanges, provides products across all asset classes, including futures and options based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural products and metals. The Company’s segment primarily consists of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc (CME), Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc (CBOT), New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc (NYMEX) and Commodity Exchange, Inc (COMEX) exchanges. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CME? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME). Receive News & Ratings for CME Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund (JGCI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 18th Analysts Anticipate Mercer International Inc. (MERC) to Announce $0.35 EPS $0.58 EPS Expected for Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) This Quarter Clorox Co (CLX) Shares Sold by Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $45.958 Million Stake in Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Linscomb & Williams Inc. Maintains Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Wells Fargo & Company MN Sells 122,261 Shares of D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $48.449 Million Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Arrow Financial Corp Sells 1,025 Shares of Biogen Inc (BIIB) Greenleaf Trust Has $286,000 Position in Baxter International Inc (BAX) FY2017 EPS Estimates for DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Reduced by Analyst Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share Houlihan Lokey (HLI) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 Pool Co. (POOL) Stake Raised by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Galmed Pharmaceuticals (GLMD) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.13 Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Purchases 1,560 Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Maintained by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Increases Stake in Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Beaumont Financial Partners LLC Buys New Position in General Dynamics Co. (GD) JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund (JGCI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 18th May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund (LON:JGCI) announced a dividend on Wednesday, May 10th. Investors of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a dividend of GBX 1.13 ($0.01) per share on Wednesday, June 14th. This represents a dividend yield of 1.15%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. The official announcement can be accessed at this link. Shares of JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund (LON:JGCI) traded down 0.39% during midday trading on Friday, hitting GBX 96.75. The company had a trading volume of 139,639 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 0.99 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 0.98. JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund has a 12 month low of GBX 85.36 and a 12 month high of GBX 97.74. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/jpmorgan-global-equity-income-fund-jgci-to-go-ex-dividend-on-may-18th.html. About JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund JPMorgan Global Convertibles Income Fund Limited is a closed-ended investment company. The Company is engaged in investing in a portfolio of high-yielding convertible securities. The investment objective of the Company is to provide investors with a dividend income combined with the potential for long term growth, from investing in a diversified portfolio of convertible securities. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Market Weather × Top Stories Arbor Brewing acquired as brewers build statewide brands J.P. Morgan Chase's investment in Detroit is good news for small businesses — and a growth opportunity for the bank Mergers, acquisitions and new contracts across metro Detroit Don't let licensing keep ex-prisoners from working What cities can learn from Detroit's resurgence Men for others Costs, lack of interest put damper on apprenticeship programs Life after Pfizer: A decade later, Michigan pharmaceutical companies have found paths to growth Executives: Venture capital, tax credits needed for bioscience growth New medical society president on history, infant mortality, Obamacare Special Report Special report: The QLine × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries May 14, 2017 Updated J.P. Morgan Chase's investment in Detroit is good news for small businesses — and a growth opportunity for the bank By Chad Livengood What started as J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon's desire to help Detroit as the city was going through a historic municipal bankruptcy three years ago has morphed into a business opportunity for the nation's largest bank. Dimon came to town in 2014 to lavish the bankrupt city with a $100 million pledge in loans and grants for small business capital, economic development initiatives and real estate projects. Last Wednesday, Dimon dispatched a team of his bank's executives to… Subscribe now to keep reading Subscribe now for just $5 and get digital access for 5 weeks. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Manage your Crain's emails Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Data & Lists Crain's Special Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE May 14, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Market Weather × Top Stories Arbor Brewing acquired as brewers build statewide brands J.P. Morgan Chase's investment in Detroit is good news for small businesses — and a growth opportunity for the bank Mergers, acquisitions and new contracts across metro Detroit Don't let licensing keep ex-prisoners from working What cities can learn from Detroit's resurgence Men for others Costs, lack of interest put damper on apprenticeship programs Life after Pfizer: A decade later, Michigan pharmaceutical companies have found paths to growth Executives: Venture capital, tax credits needed for bioscience growth New medical society president on history, infant mortality, Obamacare Special Report Special report: The QLine × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries May 14, 2017 Updated What cities can learn from Detroit's resurgence By Peter Scher The Motor City, once one of America's most prosperous cities and an engine of economic growth, turned in a matter of decades into one of its most distressed. The city often conjured up images of dilapidated homes, abandoned lots and communities struggling with high unemployment and high crime. For too long, Detroit was viewed as a ghost town, a warning of what can happen when too many of a city's critical, interconnected elements go wrong. About three and a half years ago, while Detroit was… Subscribe now to keep reading Subscribe now for just $5 and get digital access for 5 weeks. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Manage your Crain's emails Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Data & Lists Crain's Special Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE May 14, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Home Staff Privacy Policy About/Contact Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health Daily Ratings & News for Outfront Media Inc Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Outfront Media Inc with our free daily email newsletter: Follow @TranscriptDaily Recent Posts U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (PRTS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Zacks Investment Research Lowers Old National Bancorp (ONB) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Lowers On Deck Capital Inc (ONDK) to Hold Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Tesco Co. (TESO) Increased by Capital One Financial Corp. Teekay Tankers (TNK) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.69 Media General (MEG) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Ophthotech Corp (OPHT) Receiving Very Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Empresa Distribuidora y Cmrz Nrt SA (EDN) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.69 Very Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Chuy's Holdings (CHUY) Stock Price $254.89 Million in Sales Expected for West Marine, Inc. (WMAR) This Quarter Traders Buy Shares of Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) on Weakness Following Insider Selling USA Technologies, Inc. (USAT) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $27.43 Million Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Shares Bought by Capital Investment Advisors LLC OvaScience Inc (OVAS) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Coastline Trust Co Sells 250 Shares of Honeywell International Inc. (HON) OvaScience Inc (OVAS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Sky Investment Group LLC Sells 130 Shares of Celgene Co. (CELG) Howland Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Telemus Capital LLC Decreases Position in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Posted by Lauren Steadman on May 13th, 2017 // No Comments Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday, May 1st. According to Zacks, “Outfront Media is slated to report first-quarter 2017 results on May 3. Though, the shares of the company outperformed the Zacks categorized REIT – Equity Trust – Other industry over the past six months, in the last 30 days, both its first-quarter and full year 2017 estimates moved down. In March, the company announced that over 1000 brands have utilized Outfront Mobile Network. The mobile ad delivery solution provided by the company offers marketers additional data analytics features and helps in drawing more audiences. Moreover, the company’s huge geographic diversity, efforts to convert from traditional static billboard displays to digital billboard displays and low-cost out-of-home (OOH) platform augur well for long-term growth. However, cut-throat competition and rise in the interest rate remain concerns. Also, dependence on the prospects of advertisers and national economy also add to its woes.” Several other research firms also recently weighed in on OUT. TheStreet upgraded Outfront Media from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Wedbush increased their price target on Outfront Media from $36.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Outfront Media from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $26.00 to $28.00 in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $27.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Outfront Media currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $29.57. Shares of Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) opened at 23.06 on Monday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $25.69 and a 200-day moving average of $25.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.20 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.28 and a beta of 1.28. Outfront Media has a 12 month low of $20.72 and a 12 month high of $27.89. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.19. The firm had revenue of $397.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $392.43 million. Outfront Media had a negative return on equity of 0.79% and a negative net margin of 0.63%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.55 EPS. Analysts predict that Outfront Media will post $0.83 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be paid a dividend of $0.36 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 6.24%. Outfront Media’s payout ratio is -1,942.58%. WARNING: This report was published by Transcript Daily and is owned by of Transcript Daily. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/05/13/outfront-media-inc-out-rating-lowered-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research-updated.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 5.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,256,628 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $351,964,000 after buying an additional 669,391 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 8.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 11,150,528 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $296,046,000 after buying an additional 855,888 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 6,693.0% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 7,335,438 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $194,756,000 after buying an additional 7,227,453 shares in the last quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 20.7% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 5,461,930 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $135,838,000 after buying an additional 937,140 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Route One Investment Company L.P. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 12.2% in the fourth quarter. Route One Investment Company L.P. now owns 5,174,370 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $128,687,000 after buying an additional 564,319 shares in the last quarter. About Outfront Media OUTFRONT Media Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT), which provides advertising space (displays) on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments are U.S. Media and Other. The U.S. Media segment includes U.S. Billboard and Transit. The Other segment includes International and Sports Marketing. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Outfront Media (OUT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  «  PREVIOUS UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Reduces Position in United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI)  »  NEXT ARC Resources Ltd (ARX) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Latest News Deutsche Telekom AG Given a €19.00 Price Target at Nord/LB RWE AG Given a €16.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Telekom AG Given a €16.45 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein Henkel AG & Co KGaA Given a €135.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH ING Groep NV Given a €18.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Airbus SE Given a €88.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health © 2006-2017 Transcript Daily
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/13/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 243% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/13/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Very Interesting Chart About Bank Stocks The chart shows how the best banks separate themselves from the pack. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 13, 2017 at 7:27AM At Wells Fargo's (NYSE:WFC) investor day on Thursday, the bank shared an interesting chart that clearly delineates between the nation's best-run banks and the rest. The chart shows the relationship between bank profitability, measured by return on equity, and the volatility of a bank's earnings over the past five years. It looks specifically at Wells Fargo and five of its peers: U.S. Bancorp (NYSE:USB), JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), PNC Financial (NYSE:PNC), Citigroup (NYSE:C), and Bank of America (NYSE:BAC). Data source: Wells Fargo. The chart reveals two interesting things. The first is that there's a cluster of banks that have both stable earnings and comparatively high returns on equity. U.S. Bancorp is at the top, followed by Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase, and PNC Financial. All of these banks are considered among the best-run financial institutions in the country, though Wells Fargo has certainly lost much of its luster in the wake of its fake-account scandal. These banks also tend to have the highest valued stocks, measured by the price-to-book value ratio. This makes sense given the logical correlation between the profitability and valuation of banks that I've discussed previously. The second interesting thing, though it's a corollary of the first, is that the two banks on the chart that have the lowest returns on equity also have the most volatile earnings. These are Bank of America and Citigroup. Image source: The Motley Fool. It isn't a coincidence that these two banks were hit hardest by the financial crisis. Citigroup came within a hair's breadth of failure in 2008, and spent the next five-plus years retreating and retrenching from its former strategy of securitizing and selling derivatives and securities backed by toxic subprime mortgages. And Bank of America was in a similar situation, though its troubles were largely inherited via its acquisition of Countrywide Financial. Since then, Bank of America has spent upwards of $200 billion on crisis-related costs, though the North Carolina-based bank has more recently turned the corner. All of this matters because the size and consistency of a bank's earnings plays a role not only in the annual stress tests, which are administered each year by the Federal Reserve and dictate how much capital a bank can return to its shareholders, but also in a bank's credit rating. At Moody's, which is one of the three main ratings agencies, 15% of a bank's credit rating relates directly to profitability, as I dig into here. In short, when it comes to picking bank stocks, it isn't only how much a bank earns that matters; it's also about the consistency of earnings. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America, US Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 13, 2017 at 7:27AM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $61.07 up $0.37 (0.61%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $24.00 down $0.07 (-0.29%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.92 down $0.24 (-0.28%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $53.02 down $0.72 (-1.34%) PNC Financial Services NYSE:PNC $120.81 down $0.93 (-0.76%) US Bancorp NYSE:USB $51.41 down $0.23 (-0.45%) Read More This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report Bank of America Wants to Buy Back a Lot of Stock Bank of America Stock: These 2 Charts Are Good News for Shareholders Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Very Interesting Chart About Bank Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM, $WFC, $PNC, $USB
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Darling Ingredients Inc (DAR) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Investors Buy Shares of 3M Co (MMM) on Weakness on Insider Selling Traders Buy Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) on Weakness After Insider Selling Uni-Pixel Inc (UNXL) Hits New 52-Week Low After Earnings Miss Cormark Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Titanium Transportation Group Inc (TTR) TESARO Inc Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($3.10) Per Share (TSRO) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Xencor Inc (XNCR) Issued By Wedbush Lake Street Capital Weighs in on RiceBran Technologies’ Q1 2017 Earnings (RIBT) XOMA Co. Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.38 Per Share (XOMA) Brokerages Expect Cimpress NV (CMPR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $558.99 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc (CPS) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $884.98 Million Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $287.49 Million State Street Corp (STT) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $2.84 Billion Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc (Q) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.96 Billion Analysts Anticipate Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $438.3 Million $618.32 Million in Sales Expected for AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) This Quarter Brokerages Expect Kellogg Company (K) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $3.15 Billion $433.5 Million in Sales Expected for Coherent, Inc. (COHR) This Quarter Analysts Anticipate Ball Co. (BLL) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.85 Billion Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $282.89 Million Traders Buy Shares of Morgan Stanley (MS) on Weakness After Insider Selling May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Investors purchased shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) on weakness during trading hours on Friday following insider selling activity. $54.91 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $28.32 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $26.59 million into the stock. Of all companies tracked, Morgan Stanley had the 30th highest net in-flow for the day. Morgan Stanley traded down ($0.14) for the day and closed at $42.73Specifically, CFO Paul C. Wirth sold 12,481 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $46.04, for a total value of $574,625.24. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 203,557 shares in the company, valued at $9,371,764.28. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Chairman James P. Gorman sold 212,365 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.93, for a total value of $9,116,829.45. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now owns 1,389,378 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $59,645,997.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.35% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on MS shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $42.49 to $47.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Instinet reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $49.00 price objective on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Rafferty Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price objective on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Morgan Stanley from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $48.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating, nineteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $42.16. The stock has a market cap of $79.04 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.68 and a beta of 1.80. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $42.61 and its 200-day moving average is $42.33. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.10. The business had revenue of $9.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $9.29 billion. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 8.48% and a net margin of 15.76%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 25.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.55 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Morgan Stanley will post $3.47 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Monday, May 1st will be issued a $0.20 dividend. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.87%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. Morgan Stanley’s payout ratio is 27.40%. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Ballentine Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the third quarter worth about $215,000. Quantitative Investment Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Morgan Stanley during the third quarter worth about $6,982,000. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 6.8% in the third quarter. Essex Investment Management Co. LLC now owns 300,138 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $9,622,000 after buying an additional 18,988 shares during the last quarter. NEXT Financial Group Inc boosted its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 24.9% in the third quarter. NEXT Financial Group Inc now owns 15,664 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $502,000 after buying an additional 3,124 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mutual of America Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Morgan Stanley by 17.3% in the third quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC now owns 206,515 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,621,000 after buying an additional 30,478 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 85.87% of the company’s stock. WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/traders-buy-shares-of-morgan-stanley-ms-on-weakness-after-insider-selling.html. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Expect Astronics Co. (ATRO) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $160.51 Million $157.71 Million in Sales Expected for Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $42.2 Million Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts $75.41 Million in Sales Expected for Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) This Quarter Interfor Corp (IFP) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Telekom Austria AG (TKAGY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.12 Per Share L'Oreal SA (LRLCY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Sky Plc (SKYAY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Summit Materials Inc (SUM) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Tegna Inc (TGNA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Receives $17.88 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Axon Enterprise Inc (AAXN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts HubSpot Inc (HUBS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Rosetta Genomics Ltd. (ROSG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.14 Per Share Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $542.92 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $4.45 Billion Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $42.2 Million May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts predict that Novocure Ltd (NASDAQ:NVCR) will announce sales of $42.2 million for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for Novocure’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $36.6 million to $46.3 million. Novocure posted sales of $17.92 million in the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year over year growth rate of 135.5%. The company is expected to issue its next earnings report on Thursday, July 27th. On average, analysts expect that Novocure will report full-year sales of $42.2 million for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $160 million to $203.37 million. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the business will report sales of $257.9 million per share, with estimates ranging from $240.9 million to $274.9 million. Zacks Investment Research’s sales calculations are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that that provide coverage for Novocure. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.04. Novocure had a negative return on equity of 69.89% and a negative net margin of 219.29%. The business had revenue of $34.88 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $39.46 million. Several brokerages have recently issued reports on NVCR. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Novocure from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price target on Novocure from $10.00 to $11.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Aegis reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price target on shares of Novocure in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $16.43. In related news, Director Gert L. Perlhagen bought 125,000 shares of Novocure stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $6.93 per share, for a total transaction of $866,250.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 6,125,000 shares in the company, valued at $42,446,250. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Yoram Palti sold 8,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.29, for a total transaction of $98,320.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 71,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $882,729.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 92,000 shares of company stock valued at $1,031,520. 33.90% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. River & Mercantile Asset Management LLP bought a new stake in Novocure during the first quarter valued at $937,000. American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in Novocure by 7.1% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 31,191 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $253,000 after buying an additional 2,065 shares during the last quarter. Wedbush Securities Inc. bought a new stake in Novocure during the first quarter valued at $381,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Novocure by 1.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 173,523 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $1,406,000 after buying an additional 2,480 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Creative Planning boosted its stake in Novocure by 32.1% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 16,857 shares of the medical equipment provider’s stock valued at $137,000 after buying an additional 4,100 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 21.98% of the company’s stock. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded down 0.42% on Friday, hitting $11.80. The company had a trading volume of 262,507 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $10.53 and its 200 day moving average price is $8.34. The stock’s market cap is $1.04 billion. Novocure has a 12-month low of $5.95 and a 12-month high of $14.30. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $42.2 Million” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/zacks-analysts-anticipate-novocure-ltd-nvcr-will-announce-quarterly-sales-of-42-2-million.html. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Novocure (NVCR) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance L'Oreal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for L'Oreal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News L'Oreal SA (LRLCY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Sky Plc (SKYAY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Summit Materials Inc (SUM) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Tegna Inc (TGNA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Umpqua Holdings Corp (UMPQ) Receives $17.88 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Axon Enterprise Inc (AAXN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts HubSpot Inc (HUBS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Rosetta Genomics Ltd. (ROSG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.14 Per Share Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $542.92 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $4.45 Billion Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Impax Laboratories Inc (IPXL) to Announce $0.13 EPS MiX Telematics Ltd – (MIXT) Receives $8.42 Average Target Price from Analysts Zacks: Analysts Expect Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Will Post Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Xperi Co. (XPER) Will Post Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Kadant Inc. (KAI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $111.88 Million Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.87 Per Share Prologis Inc (PLD) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $627.17 Million McDermott International (MDR) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.15 L'Oreal SA (LRLCY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of L'Oreal SA (OTCMKTS:LRLCY) have been given an average rating of “Hold” by the six brokerages that are covering the company. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, two have given a hold recommendation and three have issued a buy recommendation on the company. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of L'Oreal SA in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. L'Oreal SA (OTCMKTS:LRLCY) traded up 1.034% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $41.525. 39,523 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $39.44 and its 200-day moving average price is $36.95. The stock has a market capitalization of $116.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.604 and a beta of 0.67. L'Oreal SA has a 1-year low of $33.38 and a 1-year high of $41.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “L'Oreal SA (LRLCY) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/loreal-sa-lrlcy-receives-average-rating-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. L'Oreal SA Company Profile L’Oreal SA is a holding company. The Company operates through two operational divisions: Cosmetics Division and Body Shop Division. The Cosmetics Division is organized into four divisions: Professional Products, Consumer Products, L’Oreal Luxe and Active Cosmetics. The Professional Products Division products are used and sold in hair salons and beauty institutes. Receive News & Ratings for L'Oreal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for L'Oreal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Voya Financial Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Voya Financial Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate Kadant Inc. (KAI) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $111.88 Million Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.87 Per Share Prologis Inc (PLD) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $627.17 Million McDermott International (MDR) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.15 Marine Products Corp. (MPX) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Share Price ONE Gas (OGS) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.13 Novozymes A/S – (NVZMY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Receives $180.00 Average Price Target from Analysts Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Receives C$84.67 Consensus Price Target from Analysts American States Water (AWR) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.23 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Earthstone Energy (ESTE) Share Price General Cable (BGC) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.21 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cray (CRAY) Share Price Financial Institutions (FISI) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Medgenics (MDGN) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Zacks: Analysts Expect Applied Genetic Technologies Corp (AGTC) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $9.06 Million $0.86 Earnings Per Share Expected for OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) This Quarter Bonanza Creek Energy Inc (BCEI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages $258.3 Million in Sales Expected for La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) This Quarter Voya Financial Inc (VOYA) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.87 Per Share May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Voya Financial Inc (NYSE:VOYA) to report earnings per share (EPS) of $0.87 for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Fourteen analysts have made estimates for Voya Financial’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.82 to $0.96. Voya Financial reported earnings of $0.79 per share during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year over year growth rate of 10.1%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next earnings results on Wednesday, August 2nd. On average, analysts expect that Voya Financial will report full year earnings of $3.55 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $3.41 to $3.80. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the firm will report earnings of $4.45 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $4.25 to $4.60. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow Voya Financial. Voya Financial (NYSE:VOYA) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The asset manager reported $0.81 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.74 by $0.07. Voya Financial had a negative net margin of 4.20% and a positive return on equity of 3.39%. The business had revenue of $303.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $293.84 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.55 earnings per share. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their price objective on Voya Financial from $39.00 to $38.00 and set an “underweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Citigroup Inc set a $51.00 price objective on Voya Financial and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price objective on shares of Voya Financial in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Morgan Stanley increased their price objective on Voya Financial from $50.00 to $52.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, BTIG Research reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price objective on shares of Voya Financial in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $42.36. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/voya-financial-inc-voya-expected-to-announce-earnings-of-0-87-per-share.html. Voya Financial (NYSE:VOYA) traded down 1.45% on Monday, hitting $36.01. 1,189,697 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $37.13 and its 200-day moving average price is $38.40. The company’s market cap is $6.70 billion. Voya Financial has a one year low of $22.75 and a one year high of $42.96. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be given a $0.01 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 26th. This represents a $0.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.11%. Voya Financial’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -1.77%. In other news, insider Alain M. Karaoglan bought 824 shares of Voya Financial stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 31st. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $36.17 per share, with a total value of $29,804.08. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 35,643 shares in the company, valued at $1,289,207.31. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Kevin D. Silva sold 4,039 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.29, for a total value of $150,614.31. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 23,825 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $888,434.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 77,158 shares of company stock valued at $3,025,452. 0.17% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of Voya Financial by 3,875.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 10,651,213 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $404,319,000 after buying an additional 10,383,288 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Voya Financial by 549.1% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,418,219 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $167,716,000 after buying an additional 3,737,596 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Voya Financial during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $126,038,000. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Voya Financial during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $80,341,000. Finally, Pzena Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Voya Financial by 12.5% in the third quarter. Pzena Investment Management LLC now owns 17,077,755 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $492,181,000 after buying an additional 1,902,326 shares during the period. 98.37% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Voya Financial Voya Financial, Inc is a retirement, investment and insurance company. The Company operates through five segments: Retirement, Investment Management, Annuities, Individual Life and Employee Benefits. The Retirement segment is a provider of retirement services and products in the United States. The Investment Management segment offers domestic and international fixed income, equity, multi-asset and alternatives products and solutions. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Voya Financial (VOYA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Voya Financial Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Voya Financial Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Galapagos NV (GLPG) Target Price at $72.67 Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receives $48.00 Average Price Target from Analysts $0.36 Earnings Per Share Expected for Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) This Quarter Analysts Expect Sabre Corp (SABR) Will Post Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Brokerages Set Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT at $963.81 Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Heska Corp (HSKA) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Otter Tail (OTTR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Ball (BLL) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07 Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Nordic American Tanker (NAT) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 Carlisle Companies (CSL) Given News Impact Score of 0.11 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Bemis Company (BMS) Stock Price TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.22 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact HollyFrontier Corp (HFC) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Kohl's Co. (KSS) Share Price Brokerages Set Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT at $963.81 May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the forty-nine brokerages that are covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and forty-two have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $968.66. A number of analysts have recently issued reports on GOOG shares. Pacific Crest started coverage on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, January 20th. They set an “overweight” rating on the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $1,040.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, March 13th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, April 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $1,005.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday, March 27th. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded up 0.17% on Monday, hitting $932.22. 1,050,601 shares of the company were exchanged. Alphabet has a 52 week low of $663.28 and a 52 week high of $937.50. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $861.22 and a 200-day moving average price of $815.67. The stock has a market capitalization of $644.86 billion, a P/E ratio of 31.50 and a beta of 0.94. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The information services provider reported $7.73 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $7.38 by $0.35. The firm had revenue of $24.75 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.18 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $7.50 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Alphabet will post $33.88 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokerages Set Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT at $963.81” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/brokerages-set-alphabet-inc-goog-pt-at-963-81.html. In other Alphabet news, VP James Grier Campbell sold 231 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $830.56, for a total transaction of $191,859.36. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction on Monday, February 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $826.85, for a total transaction of $1,653,700.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 6,800 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,622,580. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 35,078 shares of company stock valued at $30,075,101 over the last ninety days. 13.92% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC increased its stake in Alphabet by 0.7% in the first quarter. Mark Sheptoff Financial Planning LLC now owns 136 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 1 shares during the period. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new stake in Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at $115,000. Founders Capital Management acquired a new stake in Alphabet during the first quarter valued at $116,000. Quantbot Technologies LP increased its stake in Alphabet by 550.0% in the first quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP now owns 143 shares of the information services provider’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 121 shares during the period. Finally, Jacobus Wealth Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Alphabet during the first quarter valued at $119,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 34.74% of the company’s stock. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Titan International Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Titan International Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $248.29 Million Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $96.14 Million Analysts Expect Comstock Resources Inc (CRK) Will Announce Earnings of -$1.58 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Titan International Inc (TWI) to Announce $0.09 Earnings Per Share $1.76 Billion in Sales Expected for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) This Quarter Capital Senior Living (CSU) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Cerecor (CERC) Getting Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Entegra Financial Corp (ENFC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Semafo Inc. (SMF) Receives C$5.60 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Amaya (AYA) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Avalon Rare Metals Inc (US listing) (AVL) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Superior Drilling Products (SDPI) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Agilent Technologies (A) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.22 Abengoa SA (ABGB) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Position Boosted by LS Investment Advisors LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $830,000 Position in HCP, Inc. (HCP) LS Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 953 Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) LS Investment Advisors LLC Buys 4,827 Shares of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $29.346 Million Stake in KeyCorp (KEY) American Assets Investment Management LLC Invests $1.157 Million in HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Titan International Inc (TWI) to Announce $0.09 Earnings Per Share May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect that Titan International Inc (NYSE:TWI) will report earnings per share of $0.09 for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Three analysts have issued estimates for Titan International’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.07 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.11. Titan International posted earnings per share of ($0.04) in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 325%. The firm is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report on Thursday, August 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Titan International will report full year earnings of ($0.10) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.15) to $0.00. For the next year, analysts expect that the business will report earnings of $0.42 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.15 to $0.60. Zacks’ earnings per share calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that follow Titan International. Titan International (NYSE:TWI) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The industrial products company reported ($0.18) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.09) by $0.09. Titan International had a negative net margin of 6.86% and a negative return on equity of 12.49%. The firm had revenue of $357.50 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $332.14 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($0.33) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.1% compared to the same quarter last year. TWI has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. William Blair upgraded Titan International from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Titan International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Feltl & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of Titan International in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Jefferies Group LLC restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $14.00 price target (up previously from $11.50) on shares of Titan International in a report on Friday, April 14th. Finally, Sidoti upgraded Titan International from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Titan International has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $14.33. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of TWI. Shell Asset Management Co. purchased a new stake in shares of Titan International during the third quarter worth about $1,224,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 33.3% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 16,935 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $171,000 after buying an additional 4,227 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 1.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 482,323 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $4,881,000 after buying an additional 5,535 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 18.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 209,672 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,122,000 after buying an additional 33,376 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Titan International by 240.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 74,527 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $754,000 after buying an additional 52,620 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 81.79% of the company’s stock. Shares of Titan International (NYSE:TWI) traded down 4.17% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $10.33. 354,433 shares of the company were exchanged. Titan International has a 52-week low of $5.76 and a 52-week high of $14.23. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $10.17 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.30. The stock’s market capitalization is $616.26 million. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a $0.005 dividend. This represents a $0.02 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.19%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Titan International’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -1.23%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/zacks-brokerages-expect-titan-international-inc-twi-to-announce-0-09-earnings-per-share.html. About Titan International Titan International, Inc is a wheel, tire, and undercarriage industrial manufacturer and supplier. The Company’s segments are agricultural, earthmoving/construction, and consumer. The Company produces a range of products to meet the specifications of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and aftermarket customers in the agricultural, earthmoving/construction, and consumer markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Titan International (TWI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Titan International Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Titan International Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Navigant Consulting, Inc. (NCI) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $248.29 Million Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $96.14 Million Analysts Expect Comstock Resources Inc (CRK) Will Announce Earnings of -$1.58 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Titan International Inc (TWI) to Announce $0.09 Earnings Per Share $1.76 Billion in Sales Expected for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) This Quarter Capital Senior Living (CSU) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Cerecor (CERC) Getting Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Entegra Financial Corp (ENFC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Semafo Inc. (SMF) Receives C$5.60 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Amaya (AYA) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Avalon Rare Metals Inc (US listing) (AVL) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Superior Drilling Products (SDPI) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Agilent Technologies (A) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.22 Abengoa SA (ABGB) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.16 PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Position Boosted by LS Investment Advisors LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $830,000 Position in HCP, Inc. (HCP) LS Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 953 Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) LS Investment Advisors LLC Buys 4,827 Shares of Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $29.346 Million Stake in KeyCorp (KEY) American Assets Investment Management LLC Invests $1.157 Million in HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) $1.76 Billion in Sales Expected for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) This Quarter May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts expect that American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) will post sales of $1.76 billion for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Five analysts have issued estimates for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings’ earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $1.8 billion and the lowest estimate coming in at $1.68 billion. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings reported sales of $1.03 billion during the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year over year growth rate of 70.9%. The firm is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings report on Friday, August 4th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that American Axle & Manufact. Holdings will report full-year sales of $1.76 billion for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $6.04 billion to $6.1 billion. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the firm will post sales of $6.92 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $6.84 billion to $7 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are an average based on a survey of research firms that that provide coverage for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The auto parts company reported $1.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.15. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings had a return on equity of 54.01% and a net margin of 6.10%. The company had revenue of $1.05 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.06 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.78 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.2% compared to the same quarter last year. AXL has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Citigroup Inc downgraded American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $21.00 to $24.00 in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $23.00 price objective on shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, FBR & Co reiterated an “underperform” rating on shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $20.38. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “$1.76 Billion in Sales Expected for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) This Quarter” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/1-76-billion-in-sales-expected-for-american-axle-manufact-holdings-inc-axl-this-quarter.html. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) traded down 2.49% on Wednesday, hitting $17.25. The stock had a trading volume of 851,301 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $17.50 and its 200-day moving average price is $18.26. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings has a 1-year low of $12.61 and a 1-year high of $21.25. The firm has a market cap of $1.92 billion, a P/E ratio of 5.28 and a beta of 1.37. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in AXL. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 108,522.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 9,678,267 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $181,758,000 after buying an additional 9,669,357 shares during the period. Thrivent Financial For Lutherans boosted its stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 383.0% in the first quarter. Thrivent Financial For Lutherans now owns 3,132,490 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $58,828,000 after buying an additional 2,483,880 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $26,961,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 10.9% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 10,690,855 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $200,775,000 after buying an additional 1,047,734 shares during the period. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 19.4% in the first quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 4,004,262 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $75,200,000 after buying an additional 651,814 shares during the period. 98.33% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About American Axle & Manufact. Holdings American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc (AAM) manufactures, engineers, designs and validates driveline and drivetrain systems and related components and chassis modules for light trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover vehicles, passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Its driveline and drivetrain systems include components that transfer power from the transmission and deliver it to the drive wheels. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (AXL) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tutor Perini Corp (TPC) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.58 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $95.37 Million Heska Corp (HSKA) Position Lowered by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Lowers Position in Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $992,000 Stake in The Western Union Company (WU) US Bancorp DE Sells 12,276 Shares of Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) US Bancorp DE Sells 20,116 Shares of Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) Altfest L J & Co. Inc. Buys New Position in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) POSCO (PKX) Position Raised by US Bancorp DE US Bancorp DE Lowers Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) CA, Inc. (CA) Shares Sold by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board US Bancorp DE Purchases 3,422 Shares of Sasol Limited (SSL) Solaris Asset Management LLC Reduces Position in Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $13,207,000 Position in Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) US Bancorp DE Has $3.185 Million Position in CDK Global Inc (CDK) Expedia Inc (EXPE) Short Interest Update Five Star Senior Living (FVE) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.37 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (OLBK) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.17 Entercom Communications Corp. (ETM) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Stock Price Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $95.37 Million May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts expect that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) will post sales of $95.37 million for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Three analysts have provided estimates for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s earnings. The highest sales estimate is $99.73 million and the lowest is $91.68 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. reported sales of $92.74 million in the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year-over-year growth rate of 2.8%. The company is scheduled to issue its next quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, July 25th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will report full-year sales of $95.37 million for the current year, with estimates ranging from $382.12 million to $420.43 million. For the next year, analysts forecast that the business will report sales of $414.89 million per share, with estimates ranging from $400.89 million to $431.27 million. Zacks’ sales averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that follow Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.37 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $89.26 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $97.98 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative net margin of 6.65% and a negative return on equity of 3.62%. The business’s revenue was down 12.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.43 earnings per share. A number of equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Barclays PLC reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. cut shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have assigned a hold rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $18.80. Shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) traded down 4.36% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $11.40. 2,340,759 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 1-year low of $11.36 and a 1-year high of $25.67. The stock’s market capitalization is $795.05 million. The company’s 50 day moving average is $14.19 and its 200 day moving average is $17.15. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a $0.21 dividend. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 7.37%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -133.33%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/zacks-analysts-anticipate-pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-will-announce-quarterly-sales-of-95-37-million.html. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of PEI. US Bancorp DE boosted its stake in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 364.1% in the third quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,854 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 3,808 shares during the period. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. boosted its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 56.0% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 8,358 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $159,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the last quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc purchased a new stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the third quarter valued at about $200,000. Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware purchased a new stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. during the first quarter valued at about $132,000. Finally, Independent Order of Foresters boosted its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 108.7% in the fourth quarter. Independent Order of Foresters now owns 9,291 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 4,840 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.69% of the company’s stock. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Company Profile Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News FY2017 EPS Estimates for Outfront Media Inc Lowered by Analyst (OUT) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Wesdome Gold Mines Ltd Decreased by M Partners (WDO) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Crescent Point Energy Corp Raised by National Bank Financial (CPG) TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Price Target Raised to $87.00 at Morgan Stanley Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Bruker Co. (BRKR) Stake Reduced by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Entravision Communication (EVC) Position Held by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Russell Investments Group Ltd. Has $35.933 Million Position in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Berkshire Hills Bancorp (BHLB) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Christopher A. Seams Sells 4,998 Shares of Xperi Co. (XPER) Stock Stock Traders Purchase Large Volume of KBR Call Options (KBR) BlackRock Enhanced Capital and Income Fd (CII) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Webster Financial Co. (WBS) Director John Joseph Crawford Sells 2,753 Shares Donna T. Rutland Sells 3,373 Shares of First Bancshares Inc (FBMS) Stock Insider Buying: CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) Director Buys 4,000 Shares of Stock Ocwen Financial Corp Sees Unusually Large Options Volume (OCN) Lindblad Expeditions Holdings (LIND) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Richard Mark Colterjohn Buys 100,000 Shares of AuRico Metals Inc. (AMI) Stock Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Director Lillian C. Giornelli Sells 17,800 Shares FY2017 EPS Estimates for Outfront Media Inc Lowered by Analyst (OUT) May 13th, 2017 - By Jessica Moore - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) – Equities researchers at Wedbush cut their FY2017 earnings estimates for Outfront Media in a research note issued to investors on Monday, Zacks Investment Research reports. Wedbush analyst J. Dix now expects that the financial services provider will earn $2.16 per share for the year, down from their previous estimate of $2.17. Wedbush currently has a “Outperform” rating and a $42.00 price target on the stock. Wedbush also issued estimates for Outfront Media’s FY2018 earnings at $2.29 EPS. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Outfront Media from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $26.00 to $28.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $29.57. Get Outfront Media Inc alerts: ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by The Cerbat Gem and is the property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/13/outfront-media-inc-out-to-post-fy2017-earnings-of-2-16-per-share-wedbush-forecasts-updated.html. Shares of Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) traded down 0.47% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $23.06. 708,408 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.20 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.28 and a beta of 1.28. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $25.69 and a 200 day moving average price of $25.31. Outfront Media has a 12-month low of $20.72 and a 12-month high of $27.89. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.19. Outfront Media had a negative net margin of 0.63% and a negative return on equity of 0.79%. The company had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $392.43 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.55 earnings per share. Outfront Media’s quarterly revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a $0.36 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 6.24%. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -1,942.58%. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 3.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,630,187 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $85,854,000 after buying an additional 118,237 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 84.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 219,688 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,196,000 after buying an additional 100,449 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 7.2% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 125,288 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,963,000 after buying an additional 8,459 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 6.6% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 662,639 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $15,671,000 after buying an additional 41,232 shares during the period. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 145.4% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 317,969 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $7,520,000 after buying an additional 188,397 shares during the period. Outfront Media Company Profile OUTFRONT Media Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT), which provides advertising space (displays) on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments are U.S. Media and Other. The U.S. Media segment includes U.S. Billboard and Transit. The Other segment includes International and Sports Marketing. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Outfront Media (OUT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Stock Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coty Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $115.97 Million in Sales Expected for Matador Resources Co (MTDR) This Quarter $2.22 Billion in Sales Expected for Coty Inc (COTY) This Quarter $32.43 Million in Sales Expected for Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) This Quarter Analysts Expect OFS Capital Corp (OFS) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $8.53 Million Chesapeake Granite Wash Trust (chkr) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.10 on June 1st HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) to Issue Dividend of $0.10 on July 5th Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renassnc Fd (GER) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Western Asset Global Corp Defind Opp Fnd (GDO) Earning Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Planet Fitness (PLNT) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.38 John Hancock Patriot Premium Div Fund II (PDT) Earning Extremely Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) to Hold First Quadrant L P CA Has $195,000 Position in Evertec Inc (EVTC) Unique Fabricating Inc (UFAB) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Mycio Wealth Partners LLC Invests $294,000 in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) First Quadrant L P CA Has $182,000 Stake in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Position Held by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Has $335,000 Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Moody's Co. (MCO) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shares Sold by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc (EBIO) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest $2.22 Billion in Sales Expected for Coty Inc (COTY) This Quarter May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts expect Coty Inc (NYSE:COTY) to announce sales of $2.22 billion for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Five analysts have issued estimates for Coty’s earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $2.18 billion and the highest estimate coming in at $2.25 billion. Coty posted sales of $1.08 billion during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 105.6%. The business is expected to announce its next earnings report on Tuesday, August 15th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Coty will report full-year sales of $2.22 billion for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $7.44 billion to $7.61 billion. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will report sales of $8.86 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $8.64 billion to $9.11 billion. Zacks Investment Research’s sales averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow Coty. Coty (NYSE:COTY) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.04. Coty had a negative net margin of 0.20% and a positive return on equity of 13.87%. The company had revenue of $2.03 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.94 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.09 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 99.8% on a year-over-year basis. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on COTY shares. B. Riley reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $18.50 price target on shares of Coty in a report on Friday, February 10th. Piper Jaffray Companies lowered their price target on shares of Coty from $23.00 to $22.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Coty from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, April 13th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $24.00 price target on shares of Coty in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Coty in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “underweight” rating and a $16.00 price target on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $23.73. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/2-22-billion-in-sales-expected-for-coty-inc-coty-this-quarter.html. In related news, CEO Camillo Pane purchased 72,350 shares of Coty stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $19.54 per share, for a total transaction of $1,413,719.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 251,577 shares in the company, valued at $4,915,814.58. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Cosmetics B.V. Jab purchased 4,090,000 shares of Coty stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were bought at an average price of $18.56 per share, for a total transaction of $75,910,400.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 272,568,041 shares in the company, valued at $5,058,862,840.96. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders bought a total of 4,207,807 shares of company stock worth $78,169,678 in the last 90 days. 16.10% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Coty (NYSE:COTY) opened at 19.58 on Friday. Coty has a 52-week low of $16.95 and a 52-week high of $30.13. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $18.04 and a 200-day moving average of $19.00. The company’s market capitalization is $14.63 billion. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be paid a $0.125 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 26th. This represents a $0.50 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.55%. Coty’s dividend payout ratio is presently -118.18%. Coty Company Profile Coty Inc is a beauty company. The Company operates through four segments: Fragrances, Color Cosmetics, Skin & Body Care and Brazil Acquisition. Its fragrance products include a range of men’s and women’s products. Its fragrance brands include Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Davidoff, Chloe, Balenciaga, Beyonce, Bottega Veneta, Miu Miu and Roberto Cavalli. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Coty (COTY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Coty Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders Monday, 8 May 2017 (5 days ago) NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--As previously announced, the JPMorgan Chase & Co. annual meeting of shareholders will be held at the JPMorgan Chase Delaware Technology Center in Wilmington, Delaware on Tuesday, May 16 at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern). A live audio webcast of the event will be available at www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. The general public can also listen to the meeting by dialing (866) 541-2724 in the U.S. and Canada or (706) 634-7246 for inter » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news Dollar General Announces Webcast of its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and First Quarter Earnings Conference CallGOODLETTSVILLE, Tenn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dollar General Corporation (NYSE: DG) today announced the following information regarding webcasts of its 2017 annual... Business Wire 3 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •Marketwired •GlobeNewswire Buffalo Wild Wings Mails Letter to Shareholders Demonstrating History of Peer Group Outperformance and Successfully Delivering Value to ShareholdersMINNEAPOLIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Buffalo Wild Wings, Inc. (NASDAQ:BWLD) today mailed a letter to its shareholders in connection with the company’s upcoming 2017... Business Wire 6 days ago - Press Releases Raging River Exploration Inc. Announces Results on the Election of Directors*CALGARY, ALBERTA--(Marketwired - May 9, 2017) -* Raging River Exploration Inc. (the "*Company*" or "*Raging River*") *(TSX:RRX)* announces that the six (6)... Marketwired 4 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •Business Wire •GlobeNewswire You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases Elliptic’s Rapid Response to RANSOMWARE: a 4-Step Plan for Readiness, Resolution, and Identifying the Attacker FBI Agents Association Endorses Mike Rogers for Next FBI DIRECTOR President Trump Makes his First COMMENCEMENT Speech to Liberty University Grads “Redefine The Perception” - Sabhyata Celebrates MOTHER’s Day BEIJING Gas Blue Sky will acquire the entire issued share capital of Jilin Haoyuan, a gas company, at a total Consideration of HK$419 million Twitter Financial News #JPMorganChase #organChase & Co : JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Read more: https://t.co/qvRXFqfJBP $JPM 3 hours ago DEDO JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders - Technology Today https://t.co/G6VmxqHRQj 4 days ago Financial News #JPMorganChase #organChase & Co : JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Read more: https://t.co/LQnMimsKp4 $JPM 5 days ago Financial News #JPMorganChase #organChase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Read more: https://t.co/31O7t9zZ6y $JPM 5 days ago BusinessWireServices JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders https://t.co/ZrnzAY5PqP https://t.co/KTxDKK7Pkz 5 days ago BusinessWireWebcasts JPMorgan Chase 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders https://t.co/FxqQMJGjOu https://t.co/emZNuyY9IC 5 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Danica Patrick Current Topics Silk Road Eurovision Song Contest Salvador Sobral Melissa McCarthy Trump Frustrations Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Should The UK Leave Eurovision As Well As Europe? Is There A Chance THE ROCK May Run For President? Game Of Thrones Spinoffs Are Coming - And There's Some Big Writers On Board Why Has Sean Spicer Been Hiding Behind A Bush? Does Cannabis Improve Your Brain Power? Scientists Think So.. Are Facebook Memes Becoming A Security Risk? Experts Say So JK Rowling Makes Official Apology For Killing Off THIS Beloved Character Why Is Banksy's Latest Mural Causing A Stir? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Geopark Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Geopark Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Geopark Ltd (GPRK) to Hold Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Director Gary B. Abromovitz Sells 3,000 Shares Control4 Corp (CTRL) Insider Greg Bishop Sells 21,143 Shares Triumph Gold Corp (TIG) Insider Acquires C$20,200.00 in Stock Stevens Capital Management LP Takes Position in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Stevens Capital Management LP Cuts Stake in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Position Reduced by Stevens Capital Management LP Stevens Capital Management LP Purchases New Stake in Univar Inc (UNVR) Lyell Wealth Management LP Raises Position in Vantiv Inc (VNTV) UDR, Inc. (UDR) Stake Held by FCA Corp TX Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Stock Price Ebix (EBIX) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.32 CarMax (KMX) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Target Price at $25.20 Analysts Anticipate Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) to Announce $0.24 EPS Analysts Expect Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) to Announce $0.57 Earnings Per Share Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $62 Million Stake in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Geopark Ltd (GPRK) to Hold May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Geopark Ltd (NYSE:GPRK) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Friday. According to Zacks, “GeoPark Ltd is an explorer, operator and consolidator of oil and gas. The company operates primarily in Chile, Colombia, Brazil and Argentina. GeoPark Ltd is based in Hamilton, Bermuda. “ Several other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. TheStreet raised Geopark from a “d” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Geopark from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, March 13th. Geopark (NYSE:GPRK) traded up 0.41% during trading on Friday, reaching $7.34. The company had a trading volume of 98,006 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $7.19 and a 200-day moving average of $5.52. The firm’s market capitalization is $439.96 million. Geopark has a 52-week low of $2.18 and a 52-week high of $8.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/zacks-investment-research-lowers-geopark-ltd-gprk-to-hold.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in Geopark by 83.7% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 637,500 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $4,577,000 after buying an additional 290,411 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in Geopark by 201.7% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 111,318 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $799,000 after buying an additional 74,418 shares in the last quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Geopark during the first quarter valued at about $225,000. Emancipation Management LLC bought a new position in Geopark during the first quarter valued at about $1,579,000. Finally, Investec Asset Management LTD bought a new position in Geopark during the first quarter valued at about $177,000. 40.73% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Geopark (GPRK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Geopark Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Geopark Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zix Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zix Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc (FRGI) Director Brian P. Friedman Purchases 12,087 Shares Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) SVP Thomas G. Dagger Sells 8,000 Shares Halcon Resources Co. (HK) Major Shareholder Franklin Resources Inc Sells 31,341 Shares of Stock Zix Co. (ZIXI) Director Richard Spurr Sells 33,060 Shares of Stock Sprott Inc. Purchases Shares of 37,500 Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Longview Partners Guernsey LTD Lowers Stake in Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Shares Bought by Norinchukin Bank The Norinchukin Bank The Has $835,000 Position in Textron Inc. (TXT) Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Position Boosted by Norinchukin Bank The Norinchukin Bank The Has $299,000 Position in Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Position Increased by Norinchukin Bank The PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Shares Sold by Norinchukin Bank The Control4 Corp (CTRL) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Myers Industries (MYE) Earns News Impact Score of 0.27 Garmin (GRMN) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 Zacks: Brokerages Expect OvaScience Inc (OVAS) to Post -$0.44 Earnings Per Share Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect HB Fuller Co (FUL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.67 Per Share Zacks Investment Research Lowers Geopark Ltd (GPRK) to Hold Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Director Gary B. Abromovitz Sells 3,000 Shares Zix Co. (ZIXI) Director Richard Spurr Sells 33,060 Shares of Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Zix Co. (NASDAQ:ZIXI) Director Richard Spurr sold 33,060 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.62, for a total value of $185,797.20. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 60,525 shares in the company, valued at approximately $340,150.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Richard Spurr also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, May 8th, Richard Spurr sold 151,045 shares of Zix stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.53, for a total value of $835,278.85. On Thursday, May 4th, Richard Spurr sold 53,500 shares of Zix stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.53, for a total value of $295,855.00. On Tuesday, May 2nd, Richard Spurr sold 116,010 shares of Zix stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.57, for a total value of $646,175.70. Shares of Zix Co. (NASDAQ:ZIXI) traded down 0.18% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $5.47. The stock had a trading volume of 280,512 shares. The company has a market cap of $291.32 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 49.73 and a beta of 1.37. Zix Co. has a 52 week low of $3.61 and a 52 week high of $5.99. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $5.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $4.86. Zix (NASDAQ:ZIXI) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The software maker reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.06 by $0.03. Zix had a net margin of 9.70% and a return on equity of 18.95%. The business had revenue of $15.89 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.06 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 10.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Zix Co. will post $0.28 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/zix-co-zixi-director-richard-spurr-sells-33060-shares-of-stock.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Zix by 491.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 165,231 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $677,000 after buying an additional 137,287 shares in the last quarter. SECOR Capital Advisors LP raised its position in Zix by 95.8% in the third quarter. SECOR Capital Advisors LP now owns 107,668 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $441,000 after buying an additional 52,692 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Zix by 65.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 57,191 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $235,000 after buying an additional 22,560 shares in the last quarter. WFG Advisors LP raised its position in Zix by 3,694.3% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 42,117 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $2,525,000 after buying an additional 41,007 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. raised its position in Zix by 10.0% in the first quarter. Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. now owns 1,352,797 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $6,506,000 after buying an additional 122,980 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.31% of the company’s stock. Separately, Imperial Capital restated an “outperform” rating and set a $6.00 price objective (up previously from $5.50) on shares of Zix in a report on Monday, February 27th. About Zix Zix Corporation offers e-mail encryption, data loss prevention and bring-your-own-device (BYOD) security to meet business data protection and compliance needs. The Company operates through e-mail encryption and security solutions. Its Zix Email Encryption enables the secure exchange of e-mails that include sensitive information through a secure messaging service. Receive News & Ratings for Zix Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zix Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News -$0.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) This Quarter Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Stake Reduced by State of Tennessee Treasury Department 110,067 Shares in WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Acquired by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Boosts Stake in Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Sells 1,190 Shares of Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Stake Increased by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Purchases 208,461 Shares of Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Position Cut by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Has $106 Million Position in ITT Inc. (ITT) Thai Fund Inc. (TTF) Major Shareholder City Of London Investment Grou Sells 55,000 Shares of Stock DST Systems, Inc. (DST) VP Jonathan J. Boehm Sells 5,000 Shares Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Insider Steven R. Roth Sells 28,000 Shares of Stock Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Forum Energy Technologies (FET) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Stock Price Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB) Stock Price Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fluidigm Co. (FLDM) to Sell FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Purchases 112,116 Shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Armor Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 2,505 Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) -$0.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) This Quarter May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts expect Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IRWD) to report earnings of ($0.22) per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals’ earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.16) and the lowest estimate coming in at ($0.31). Ironwood Pharmaceuticals reported earnings of ($0.16) per share during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 37.5%. The firm is scheduled to issue its next earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Ironwood Pharmaceuticals will report full year earnings of ($0.83) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($1.27) to ($0.14). For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of ($0.27) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.50) to $0.12. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of analysts that cover Ironwood Pharmaceuticals. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.33) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.19) by $0.14. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals had a negative return on equity of 94.17% and a negative net margin of 34.29%. The firm had revenue of $52.16 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $69.39 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.08) EPS. The company’s revenue was down 21.0% on a year-over-year basis. A number of research firms have commented on IRWD. Cowen and Company set a $16.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Wedbush reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $13.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $21.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co began coverage on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $18.20. Shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) traded up 3.77% on Friday, hitting $18.17. 1,582,369 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $2.70 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $16.45 and its 200 day moving average is $15.90. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $10.22 and a 12-month high of $18.53. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/0-22-earnings-per-share-expected-for-ironwood-pharmaceuticals-inc-irwd-this-quarter.html. In other news, insider Halley E. Gilbert sold 37,385 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.75, for a total transaction of $626,198.75. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 37,385 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $626,198.75. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 7.17% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Chicago Equity Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at about $1,371,000. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at about $311,000. Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals by 51.4% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 57,451 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $912,000 after buying an additional 19,500 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals by 1.9% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 75,785 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $1,203,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the period. Finally, Sector Gamma AS increased its position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals by 10.8% in the third quarter. Sector Gamma AS now owns 1,960,548 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $27,801,000 after buying an additional 191,180 shares during the period. 96.01% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biotechnology company. The Company is advancing product opportunities in areas of unmet need, including irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS C), and chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC), hyperuricemia associated with uncontrolled gout, uncontrolled gastroesophageal reflux disease (uncontrolled GERD), and vascular and fibrotic diseases. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Londonmetric Property PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Expect American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Analysts Set Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Price Target at $58.43 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Receives $35.60 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages Knight Therapeutics Inc (GUD) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Workday Inc (WDAY) Stake Decreased by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Shares Sold by Pzena Investment Management LLC Traders Sell Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) on Strength After Analyst Downgrade Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 71,059 Myokardia Inc (MYOK) SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Stake Raised by Ameriprise Financial Inc. TFS Capital LLC Takes Position in Akebia Therapeutics Inc (AKBA) Konami Holdings Corp (KNM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 SP Plus Corp (SP) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.41 Paramount Group (PGRE) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.42 ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows RMP Energy Inc (RMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Stake Decreased by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Cuts Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) have earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the seven analysts that are covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 162.86 ($2.11). A number of research analysts have recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 175 ($2.26) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 155 ($2.00) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC from GBX 160 ($2.07) to GBX 170 ($2.20) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 150 ($1.94) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Peel Hunt reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 170 ($2.20) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) traded up 0.48% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 167.80. 1,837,690 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 163.57 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 152.87. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.05 billion. Londonmetric Property PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 133.90 and a 12-month high of GBX 170.00. The business also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 18th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 16th were paid a dividend of GBX 1.80 ($0.02) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 16th. In related news, insider Andrew Livingston bought 32,895 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 152 ($1.97) per share, for a total transaction of £50,000.40 ($64,666.84). TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/londonmetric-property-plc-lmp-receives-gbx-162-86-average-pt-from-brokerages.html. About Londonmetric Property PLC LondonMetric Property Plc is a property investment and development company. The Company’s segments include Retail, Distribution, Offices, Residential and Development. The Company is involved in retailer-led distribution, out of town and convenience retail. The Company’s portfolio includes distribution and retail businesses across the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Konami Holdings Corp (KNM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 SP Plus Corp (SP) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.41 Paramount Group (PGRE) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.42 ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows RMP Energy Inc (RMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Stake Decreased by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Cuts Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Dunkin Brands Group Inc (DNKN) Stake Reduced by Texas Permanent School Fund Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Cuts Stake in Energen Co. (EGN) Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 88,950 Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund Ascential PLC (ASCL) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Continues to Hold Stake in Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Caldwell & Orkin Inc. Sells 40,600 Shares of T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Camden National Bank Sells 2,316 Shares of BCE Inc. (BCE) LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Position Raised by Texas Permanent School Fund Insider Buying: Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Director Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) have trended positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. ING Groep NV earned a news sentiment score of 0.40 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news headlines about the financial services provider an impact score of 14 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment’s scoring: Should You Expect ING Groep NV (ING) To Continue Delivering An ROE Of 9.9%? (simplywall.st) ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €18.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC (hoyentv.com) Saving/Exporting Overwatch Highlights Is Still Coming, Gun Game Mode a Possibility (gizpress.com) You Can Expect More Details on Overwatch Highlight Saving “Early this Summer” (emfizz.com) ING Groep NV (ING) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS (americanbankingnews.com) A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on ING shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC assumed coverage on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ING Groep NV from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Societe Generale lowered shares of ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $17.00. Shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) traded up 0.48% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $16.76. 2,128,015 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $15.59 and its 200-day moving average price is $14.56. ING Groep NV has a 12-month low of $9.26 and a 12-month high of $17.35. The firm has a market capitalization of $66.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.26 and a beta of 1.38. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The financial services provider reported $0.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.02. ING Groep NV had a net margin of 26.72% and a return on equity of 9.73%. The firm had revenue of $4.68 billion during the quarter. Equities research analysts predict that ING Groep NV will post $0.90 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/ing-groep-nv-ing-getting-positive-news-coverage-analysis-shows.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RMP Energy Inc (RMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Stake Decreased by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Cuts Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Dunkin Brands Group Inc (DNKN) Stake Reduced by Texas Permanent School Fund Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Cuts Stake in Energen Co. (EGN) Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 88,950 Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund Ascential PLC (ASCL) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Continues to Hold Stake in Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Caldwell & Orkin Inc. Sells 40,600 Shares of T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Camden National Bank Sells 2,316 Shares of BCE Inc. (BCE) LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Position Raised by Texas Permanent School Fund Insider Buying: Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Director Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Shoe Carnival (SCVL) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Progenics Pharmaceuticals (PGNX) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Precision Drilling Corp (PDS) Stock Price Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) has received an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twelve brokerages that are currently covering the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and ten have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is €5.80 ($6.30). A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Nord/LB set a €6.00 ($6.52) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday. S&P Global set a €6.00 ($6.52) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €6.50 ($7.07) target price on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €6.10 ($6.63) target price on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €4.80 ($5.22) target price on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. WARNING: “Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/nokia-oyj-nokia-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Nokia Oyj Company Profile Nokia Corporation is engaged in the network and Internet protocol (IP) infrastructure, software, and related services market. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Ultra Broadband Networks, IP Networks and Applications, and Nokia Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Advertise About About Advertise Contact Us Our Team Important Media Network Electric Car Reviews Audi A3 e-tron Review BMW i3 Review BMW i3 vs Mercedes B-Class Electric BMW i3 vs Nissan LEAF vs Chevy Volt BMW i3 vs Tesla Model S 70D BMW i8 vs Tesla Model S vs Cadillac ELR vs Porsche Panamera S E-Hybrid vs BMW i3 Chevy Spark EV Review 2016 Chevy Volt Review Chevy Volt Cost of Ownership Review Fiat 500e Review Mercedes B-Class Electric Drive Mitsubishi Outlander PHEV Review Nissan LEAF Long-Term Review Renault Twizy Review Renault Zoe Review Smart Electric Drive Review Smart Electric Drive vs Camaro Tesla Model S Long-Term Review Tesla Model S P85D Review Tesla Model X Review #1, by Zach Tesla Model X Review #2, by Kyle Volkswagen e-Golf Review Volkswagen e-Up! Review Volvo XC90 T8 Review Exclusives All Exclusives CleanTechnica Reports CleanTechnica Reviews CleanTechnica Videos CleanTechnica Events Cleantech Talk (Our Podcast) Long-Term Nissan LEAF Review Long-Term Tesla Model S Review 70-Page Electric Car Report (Free!) Power Solar Energy News Local Solar Discounts How To Go Solar About Solar Energy Wind Energy News About Wind Energy Energy Efficiency Lighting LED Energy Storage Smart Grid Geothermal Energy Hydroelectricy Marine Energy Biomass Transport Electric Vehicles Electric Vehicle News Electric Cars For Sale In 2016 (US) Electric Cars Are Greener Tesla Motors Bicycles Benefits Of Bicycling Biofuels Cars Boats Mass Transit / Public Transit Trains / Rail Aviation Shipping Surprise! Search → NavigationGo Solar!Electric CarsSolar Power100% Renewable Energy?RSSAdvertise Consumer Technology Published on May 13th, 2017 | by Steve Hanley 0 Capitalists Eat Their Young: Why The Culture Of Greed Is Killing Innovation — The Guardian May 13th, 2017 by Steve Hanley  “Greed,” says Gordon Gekko in the 1987 movie Wall Street, “will save the USA.” It was only a movie, of course, but looking around at an America headed by Donald Trump, the high priest of greed, it’s hard not to see the relevance of Gekko’s fictional words. An article by Ben Tarnoff, technology writer for The Guardian, argues that capitalists and the culture of greed are actually killing America. Capitalists Hate Innovation His thesis is that capitalists shy away from innovation rather than embrace it. Innovation, he says, is too risky for those who are fixated on pleasing Wall Street to tolerate. Only the public sector can afford to make the investments needed in basic scientific research that lead to true innovation. “As the economist Mariana Mazzucato has shown, nearly every major innovation since the second world war has required a big push from the public sector, for an obvious reason: the public sector can afford to take risks that the private sector can’t,” Tarnoff writes. “It’s the government’s insulation from market forces that has historically made it such a successful innovator. It doesn’t have to compete, and it’s not at the mercy of investors demanding a share of its profits. “It’s also far more generous with the fruits of its scientific labor: no private company would ever be so foolish as to constantly give away innovations it has generated at enormous expense for free, but this is exactly what the government does. The dynamic should be familiar from the financial crisis: the taxpayer absorbs the risk, and the investor reaps the reward.” Following Tarnoff’s argument to its logical conclusion suggests the process should be restructured so that the government licenses the fruits of its basic research and reaps at least some of the rewards, which could then be plowed back into more basic research without asking taxpayers to foot the entire bill. Wealth Creation Begins With Governments Tarnoff smashes the myth that corporations are wealth creators. “From energy to pharma, from the shale gas boom to lucrative lifesaving drugs, public research has everywhere laid the foundation for private profit … The advances that created what we’ve come to call tech — the development of digital computing, the invention of the internet, the formation of Silicon Valley itself — were the result of sustained and substantial government investment. “Even the iPhone, that celebrated emblem of capitalist creativity, wouldn’t exist without buckets of government cash. Its core technologies, from the touch-screen display to GPS to Siri, all trace their roots to publicly funded research.” And yet, Apple is now sitting on a quarter of a trillion dollars in cash which it has cynically parked overseas to avoid paying taxes to the organization that is the primary source of that wealth — the US government. “Contrary to popular belief, entrepreneurs typically make terrible innovators. Left to its own devices, the private sector is far more likely to impede technological progress than to advance it. That’s because real innovation is very expensive to produce: it involves pouring extravagant sums of money into research projects that may fail, or at the very least may never yield a commercially viable product. In other words, it requires a lot of risk — something that, myth-making aside, capitalist firms have little appetite for.” The Harvard Business School Disease That “popular belief” has been fostered by America’s colleges and universities, principally Harvard Business School, alma mater to such capitalist heroes as Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase, Jeffrey Immelt of General Electric, and Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook. Business journalist Duff McDonald has just published a book entitled The Golden Passport which details how HBS, as it is fondly known to its alumni, has changed over the past 40 years from a place where business leaders are taught how to create wealth and benefit society to a place where they are taught to create wealth for themselves and their privileged colleagues. Edwin Gay, the school’s first dean, said business was the “activity of making things to sell at a profit — decently.” But since then, the school’s mission has been altered to something quite different and considerably darker. “The Harvard Business School became (and remains) so intoxicated with its own importance that it blithely assumed away one of the most important questions it could ask, which was whether the capitalist system it was uniquely positioned to help improve was designed properly for the long term,” McDonald writes. “With economic inequality at a hundred-year high and meaningful progress on climate change and other social and environmental issues embarrassingly paltry, the answer to that question is obvious. It is not.” McDonald goes on to deliver this most scathing assessment of the Harvard Business School, which he say teaches its students that “we’re all whores.” The logical extension of that is, “If everybody assumes you’re a whore, you might as well grab as much money as possible while you’re still in demand.” Ouch. Neoliberalism Is Bad For Human Beings And Other Living Things At its foundation, the current worldview of capitalists is embodied in what is known as “neoliberalism.” It is the engine that has driven the rise of globalization in which capitalism has metastasized from infecting not just the United States by the entire world community. “For decades, neoliberal politicians of both parties have promoted the notion that government should not only serve business, but operate like one,” Ben Tarnoff wrote in another Guardian piece published a month after the last election. “They’ve argued that public services should be privatized, or at least model the ‘efficiency’ of the private sector. They’ve claimed that business is the highest form of human endeavor, and that the role of the state is to empower and emulate it.” Donald Trump, the larger than life exponent of corporate power, swept away any hint of social responsibility as a legitimate objective of business when he was elected last November. Trump now gets taxpayers to pay for lavish weekly vacations at Trump owned properties. He sends his minions to China to con wealthy Asians into investing in Trump real estate ventures in exchange for preferential visas. Trump is using America to shill for his far flung commercial activities and his supporters are cheering him on, failing to see that every dollar his self-aggrandizing schemes put in his pocket means one less dollar left over for them. Trump’s policies will slash government investment in basic scientific research, which will seal America’s economic fate, argues Tarnoff. He decries the venture capitalist model that seeks to fund new companies so they can cash out in 3 to 5 years and claim enormous profits. He thinks true innovation needs a much longer timeline. His hero would probably be John Goodenough, the inveterate tinkerer and researcher who has devoted his entire life to perfecting the lithium ion battery. Without research, without exploring new ways to improve the human condition, whether or not they generate profits, income inequality will continue to grow. Like a snake eating its own tail, the American economy is devouring itself in a feeding frenzy that will leave nothing behind but empty wallets and broken dreams. Capitalists Eat Their Young “Capitalism prides itself on allocating resources well,” Tarnoff concudes. “If it creates inequality, its defenders argue, at least it also creates growth. Increasingly, that’s no longer the case. In its infinite wisdom, capitalism is eating itself alive. A saner system would recognize that innovation is too precious to leave to the private sector and that capitalism, like all utopian projects, works better in theory than in practice.” Source: The Guardian   Photo credit: YouTube   Check out our new 93-page EV report. Join us for an upcoming Cleantech Revolution Tour conference! Keep up to date with all the hottest cleantech news by subscribing to our (free) cleantech daily newsletter or weekly newsletter, or keep an eye on sector-specific news by getting our (also free) solar energy newsletter, electric vehicle newsletter, or wind energy newsletter. Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to Press This! (Opens in new window) Tags: Ben Tarnoff, capitalism, Donald Trump, greed is good, Harvard Business School, innovation, neoliberalism, scientific research About the Author Steve Hanley writes about the interface between technology and sustainability from his home in Rhode Island. You can follow him on Google + and on Twitter. Related Posts New French President Invites Cleantech & Climate Leaders From USA To Ditch Donald Trump, USA (Video) → Trump Administration Is On The Wrong Side Of Energy History → Climate Solutions Caucus Brings Republicans & Democrats Together Over Climate Change → On The Wrong Side Of History … → Back to Top ↑ ▲ 51 ... Followers Follow ▲ 222 ... Fans Like ... Subscribers Subscribe ... Fans Follow ... Followers Follow ... Fan Love Advertisement Click here to sponsor CleanTechnica. Bring your brand to millions of readers every month. Cleantech Revolution Returns! Berlin+Wroclaw — June 27–29 Warsaw+Lodz — November 8–10 Advertisement Top Stories On CleanTechnica Elon Musk's Boring Machine & Electric Sled 23–50% of Electric Car Drivers Plan to Get Tesla Model 3 Next (CleanTechnica Report) REC Solar Begins Production Of Innovative High-Output TwinPeak 2 Solar Panels "Stop Tesla" = Hilarious New Chinese Electric Car Factory Will Be Able To Produce 200,000 Cars/Year Germany Breaks A Solar Record — Gets 85% Of Electricity From Renewables Advertisement Our New 93-Page EV Report! 30 Electric Car Benefits 10 Top Solar Facts Cost of Solar Panels Wind & Solar Prices Beat Fossils Advantages of Solar Power 7 Reasons Why Solar & Wind Win 50 Tips For Trolling EVs 44 Tips For Trolling Solar CleanTechnica Answer Box Search the IM Network CleanTechnica is the #1 cleantech-focused news & analysis website in the US & the world, focusing primarily on electric cars, solar energy, wind energy, & energy storage. It is part of Important Media -- a network of 20 progressive blogs working to make the world a better, greener place. The content produced by this site is for entertainment purposes only. Opinions and comments published on this site may not be sanctioned by, and do not necessarily represent the views of Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc., its owners, sponsors, affiliates, or subsidiaries. Follow @cleantechnica © 2016   Sustainable Enterprises Media, Inc. Go Solar! Electric Cars Solar Power 100% Renewable Energy? RSS Advertise Back to Top ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Staff Privacy Policy About/Contact Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health Daily Ratings & News for HCP Inc. Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor HCP Inc. with our free daily email newsletter: Follow @TranscriptDaily Recent Posts Brokerages Anticipate Benefitfocus Inc (BNFT) to Announce -$0.29 Earnings Per Share TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Receives $35.29 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) Price Target at $233.92 Brokerages Set Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. (SPR) Price Target at $59.92 Zacks: Brokerages Expect Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.92 Billion $0.86 Earnings Per Share Expected for U.S. Bancorp (USB) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect ICF International Inc (ICFI) to Announce $0.72 EPS Zacks: Brokerages Expect RPM International Inc. (RPM) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $1.5 Billion Brokerages Anticipate Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $3.87 Billion ONE Gas (OGS) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.13 Marchex (MCHX) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.17 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Infinity Pharmaceuticals (INFI) Stock Price First Community Financial Partners (FCFP) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Clorox (CLX) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.17 Brokerages Set Oil States International, Inc. (OIS) Target Price at $40.09 Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Synopsys, Inc. (SNPS) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set SRC Energy Inc (SRCI) Target Price at $10.32 Halcon Resources (HK) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.17 Brokerages Anticipate HCP, Inc. (HCP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $480.28 Million Posted by Joseph Casey on May 13th, 2017 // No Comments Wall Street analysts expect HCP, Inc. (NYSE:HCP) to post $480.28 million in sales for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Three analysts have issued estimates for HCP’s earnings. The highest sales estimate is $522.3 million and the lowest is $441.82 million. HCP reported sales of $662.18 million during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 27.5%. The company is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, August 8th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that HCP will report full year sales of $480.28 million for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $1.81 billion to $2.14 billion. For the next financial year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post sales of $2.06 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $1.84 billion to $2.2 billion. Zacks’ sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that cover HCP. HCP (NYSE:HCP) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.51 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.48 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $492.16 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $514.82 million. HCP had a net margin of 25.10% and a return on equity of 6.51%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 5.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.69 EPS. Several equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group started coverage on shares of HCP in a research note on Friday, April 21st. They set a “hold” rating and a $32.00 price objective for the company. Evercore ISI downgraded shares of HCP from an “in-line” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Mizuho downgraded shares of HCP from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the company from $34.00 to $32.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Bank of America Corp upgraded shares of HCP from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $33.25 to $35.00 in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $32.00 target price on shares of HCP in a research note on Friday. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. HCP currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $33.05. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Brokerages Anticipate HCP, Inc. (HCP) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $480.28 Million” was reported by Transcript Daily and is the sole property of of Transcript Daily. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/05/13/analysts-expect-hcp-inc-hcp-will-post-quarterly-sales-of-525-8-million-updated.html. HCP (NYSE:HCP) traded up 1.07% during trading on Friday, hitting $31.29. 3,791,754 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $31.31 and a 200-day moving average of $30.49. The company has a market capitalization of $14.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.09 and a beta of 0.27. HCP has a 12 month low of $27.61 and a 12 month high of $36.82. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 23rd. Investors of record on Monday, May 8th will be issued a $0.37 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 4th. This represents a $1.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.73%. HCP’s dividend payout ratio is presently 111.28%. In related news, CAO Scott A. Anderson sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.94, for a total value of $299,400.00. Following the sale, the chief accounting officer now directly owns 27,345 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $818,709.30. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.22% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in HCP by 1,680.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 45,980,843 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,438,282,000 after buying an additional 43,398,323 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors bought a new stake in HCP during the third quarter valued at about $193,545,000. Norges Bank bought a new stake in HCP during the fourth quarter valued at about $136,835,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in HCP by 22.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 22,920,793 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $716,963,000 after buying an additional 4,264,935 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in HCP during the fourth quarter valued at about $69,912,000. 92.37% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. HCP Company Profile HCP, Inc is a self-administered real estate investment trust. The Company invests in real estate serving the healthcare industry in the United States. The Company’s segments include senior housing triple-net (SH NNN), senior housing operating portfolio (SHOP), life science and medical office. Its senior housing facilities include independent living facilities, assisted living facilities, memory care facilities, care homes, and continuing care retirement communities. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on HCP (HCP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for HCP Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HCP Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  «  PREVIOUS $0.37 EPS Expected for Haemonetics Co. (HAE) This Quarter  »  NEXT Facebook Inc (FB) VP Colin Stretch Sells 750 Shares Latest News Deutsche Telekom AG Given a €19.00 Price Target at Nord/LB RWE AG Given a €16.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Deutsche Telekom AG Given a €16.45 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein Henkel AG & Co KGaA Given a €135.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH ING Groep NV Given a €18.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Airbus SE Given a €88.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health © 2006-2017 Transcript Daily
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Economy These Three Firms Own Corporate America Blackrock, State Street Bank, and Vanguard. By Jan Fichtner, Eelke Heemskerk, Javier Garcia-Bernardo / The Conversation May 11, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Butz.2013 / Flickr Creative Commons A fundamental change is underway in stock market investing, and the spin-off effects are poised to dramatically impact corporate America. In the past, individuals and large institutions mostly invested in actively managed mutual funds, such as Fidelity, in which fund managers pick stocks with the aim of beating the market. But since the financial crisis of 2008, investors have shifted to index funds, which replicate established stock indices, such as the S&P 500. The magnitude of the change is astounding: from 2007 to 2016, actively managed funds have recorded outflows of roughly US$1,200 billion, while index funds had inflows of over US$1,400 billion. In the first quarter of 2017, index funds brought in more than US$200 billion – the highest quarterly value on record. Democratising the market? This shift, arguably the biggest investment swing in history, is due in large part to index funds’ much lower costs. Actively managed funds analyse the market, and their managers are well paid for their labour. But the vast majority are not able to consistently beat the index. So why pay 1% to 2% in fees every year for active funds when index funds cost a tenth of that and deliver the same performance? Some observers have lauded this development as the “democratisation of investing”, because it has significantly lowered investor expenses. But other impacts of this seismic shift are far from democratising. One crucial difference between the active fund and the index fund industries is that the former is fragmented, consisting of hundreds of different asset managers both small and large. The fast-growing index sector, on the other hand, is highly concentrated. It is dominated by just three giant American asset managers: BlackRock, Vanguard and State Street – what we call the Big Three. Lower fees aside, the rise of index funds has entailed a massive concentration of corporate ownership. Together, BlackRock, Vanguard and State Street have nearly US$11 trillion in assets under management. That’s more than all sovereign wealth funds combined and over three times the global hedge fund industry. In a recently published paper, our CORPNET research project comprehensively mapped the ownership of the Big Three. We found that the Big Three, taken together, have become the largest shareholder in 40% of all publicly listed firms in the United States. Figure 1: Network of ownership by the Big Three in listed US firms. (See our paper for explanation of colours). Fichtner, Heemskerk & Garcia-Bernardo (2017) In 2015, these 1,600 American firms had combined revenues of about US$9.1 trillion, a market capitalisation of more than US$17 trillion, and employed more than 23.5 million people. In the S&P 500 – the benchmark index of America’s largest corporations – the situation is even more extreme. Together, the Big Three are the largest single shareholder in almost 90% of S&P 500 firms, including Apple, Microsoft, ExxonMobil, General Electric and Coca-Cola. This is the index in which most people invest. Figure 2: Statistics about the ownership of the Big Three in listed US firms. Fichtner, Heemskerk & Garcia-Bernardo (2017)   The power of passive investors With corporate ownership comes shareholder power. BlackRock recently argued that legally it was not the “owner” of the shares it holds but rather acts as a kind of custodian for their investors. That’s a technicality for lawyers to sort. What is undeniable is that the Big Three do exert the voting rights attached to these shares. Therefore, they have to be perceived as de facto owners by corporate executives. These companies have, in fact, publicly declared that they seek to exert influence. William McNabb, chairman and CEO of Vanguard, said in 2015 that, “In the past, some have mistakenly assumed that our predominantly passive management style suggests a passive attitude with respect to corporate governance. Nothing could be further from the truth.” When we analysed the voting behaviour of the Big Three, we found that they coordinate it through centralised corporate governance departments. This requires significant efforts because technically the shares are held by many different individual funds. Hence, just three companies wield an enormous potential power over corporate America. Interestingly, though, we found that the Big Three vote for management in about 90% of all votes at annual general meetings, while mostly voting against proposals sponsored by shareholders (such as calls for independent board chairmen). One interpretation is that BlackRock, Vanguard and State Street are reluctant to exert their power over corporate America. Others question whether the Big Three really want this voting power, as they primarily seek to minimise costs.   Corporate American monopoly What are the future consequences of the Big Three’s unprecedented common ownership position? Research is still nascent, but some economists are already arguing that this concentration of shareholder power could have negative effects on competition. Over the past decade, numerous US industries have become dominated by only a handful of companies, from aviation to banking. The Big Three – seen together – are virtually always the largest shareholder in the few competitors that remain in these sectors. This is the case for American Airlines, Delta, and United Continental, as it is for the banks JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America, and Citigroup. All of these corporations are part of the S&P 500, the index in which most people invest. Their CEOs are likely well aware that the Big Three are their firm’s dominant shareholder and would take that into account when making decisions. So, arguably, airlines have less incentive to lower prices because doing so would reduce overall returns for the Big Three, their common owner. In this way, the Big Three may be exerting a kind of emergent “structural power” over much of corporate America. Whether or not they sought to, the Big Three have accumulated extraordinary shareholder power, and they continue to do so. Index funds are a business of scale, which means that at this point competitors will find it very difficult to gain market shares. In many respects, the index fund boom is turning BlackRock, Vanguard and State Street into something resembling low-cost public utilities with a quasi-monopolistic position. Facing such a concentration of ownership and thus potential power, we can expect demands for increased regulatory scrutiny of corporate America’s new “de facto permanent governing board” to increase in coming years. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Jan Fichtner is Postdoctoral Researcher in Political Science, University of Amsterdam. Eelke Heemskerk is Associate Professor Political Science , University of Amsterdam. Javier Garcia-Bernardo is a PhD Candidate, University of Amsterdam.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Donald Trump's Financial Ties to Russian Oligarchs and Mobsters Detailed In Explosive New Documentary from the Netherlands Steven Rosenfeld / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/12/2017 - 15:20 Donald Trump Is a Walking Disaster—and He'll Likely Win Re-election in 2020 Musa Al-Gharbi / The Conversation Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/11/2017 - 05:35 Comey Furious over Trump Team's Smear Campaign — and He's Prepared to Respond: Report Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/12/2017 - 11:00 There Has Been a Nuclear Accident in America, and Experts Say the Exposure Risk Is Real Amy Goodman / Democracy Now! Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/11/2017 - 08:57 Donald Trump's Big Mouth May Have Just Gotten Him Impeached Jefferson Morley / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/12/2017 - 09:11 A Coup in Real Time? Historian Says Comey Firing Is Trump's 'Open Admission of Collusion With Russia' Chauncey DeVega / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/11/2017 - 09:13 Samantha Bee Read Ivanka Trump's Appalling New Book So You Don't Have To Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/11/2017 - 04:36 Noam Chomsky: How the Corporate Media Is Undermining One of the World's Key Left-Wing Leaders Anushka Asthana / The Guardian Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/11/2017 - 11:45 Paul Krugman: The Republican Party Is Just as Treasonous as Trump Jacob Sugarman / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/12/2017 - 08:12 Donald Trump's America Is Showing the Telltale Signs of a Failing State PRI's The World Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/11/2017 - 06:47 Today's Top Stories Video Donald Trump's Financial Ties to Russian Oligarchs and Mobsters Detailed In Explosive New Documentary from the Netherlands The Right Wing Robert Reich: Are There 22 Patriotic House Republicans? The Right Wing Comey, Chaos … Crisis? Trump Enters New Territory After Most Explosive Week Yet News & Politics Trump Has Presented America with Not Only a Constitutional Crisis, But a Total Civic Implosion Election 2016 Trump Turns to Private Lawyers to Downplay His Russian Business Ties, Showing He Shuts Up When Threatened Belief Study Finds Link Between Brain Damage and Religious Fundamentalism Media Trump Says He Invented an Economy Theory That Was Actually in Use Before He Was Born The Right Wing Dead Man Lying Drugs The Evidence Is Overwhelming: Cannabis Is an Exit Drug for Major Addictions, Not a Gateway to New Ones Economy The Financial Crisis That Spawned Austerity, Corporatized the Democratic Party and Gave the World Donald Trump News & Politics Veteran Journalist Who Covered Watergate Says Trump's Russia Scandal Is Even Worse — Here's Why News & Politics Historian of Fascism: Why Trump Firing FBI Director Comey Amid Russia Probe is So Worrisome Food Growing Evidence Points to a Specific Diet That Can Starve Cancer Cells of Their Prime Fuels Media Is John Oliver a Hypocrite on Taxes? Local Peace Economy Progressive Senators Are Going Big for Employee Ownership of the Businesses They Work at Education Who Are the Out-Of-Town Billionaires Wading into a City School Board Race? News & Politics Luxury Airport Terminal in Los Angeles Features Screen That Lets the Rich Watch Everyone Else Suffer at the Main Terminal News & Politics Bill O'Reilly Has a Thoroughly Bonkers New Conspiracy Theory About Why He Was Fired from Fox News Drugs Jeff Sessions Escalates Drug War and Urges Prosecutors to Seek Harsh Sentencing News & Politics Corporations Are Showering D.C. with Huge Amounts of Lobbying Dough , $840 Million in the First 3 Months of 2017 Environment Trump Has Displayed a Blatant Disregard for Science, Ethics and Human Rights Based on His Fracking Policies FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Ivanka Trump's Advocacy for Healthy, Pesticide-Free Food Apparently Extends Only to Her Own Children US Beef Exports to China Will Resume. Who Remembers Why They Stopped? Trump Is Audaciously Trying to Privatize Native American Land ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amdocs Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Hasbro (HAS) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Amdocs Limited (DOX) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact Kilroy Realty Corp (KRC) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Colliers International Group (FSRV) Stock Price DDR Corp (DDR) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Analysts Set Galapagos NV (GLPG) Target Price at $72.67 Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receives $48.00 Average Price Target from Analysts $0.36 Earnings Per Share Expected for Alcentra Capital Corp (ABDC) This Quarter Analysts Expect Sabre Corp (SABR) Will Post Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Brokerages Set Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT at $963.81 Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Heska Corp (HSKA) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Otter Tail (OTTR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Ball (BLL) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07 Cabot Microelectronics (CCMP) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Nordic American Tanker (NAT) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Amdocs Limited (DOX) Share Price May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) have been trending positive on Saturday, according to AlphaOne. AlphaOne, a unit of Accern, ranks the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Amdocs Limited earned a daily sentiment score of 0.29 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave media stories about the technology company an impact score of 72 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news articles that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Amdocs Limited (DOX) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Amdocs Limited’s (DOX) Buy Rating Reiterated at Citigroup Inc (americanbankingnews.com) Amdocs Limited (DOX) Earns “Neutral” Rating from Robert W. Baird (americanbankingnews.com) Amdocs steady growth continues (globes.co.il) Notable Wednesday Option Activity: PANW, PHH, DOX (marketnewsvideo.com) Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) traded down 0.53% during trading on Friday, hitting $63.25. The stock had a trading volume of 464,190 shares. The stock has a market cap of $9.28 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.36 and a beta of 0.64. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $61.46 and a 200-day moving average of $59.96. Amdocs Limited has a 12 month low of $54.12 and a 12 month high of $64.32. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The technology company reported $0.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $966 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $960.58 million. Amdocs Limited had a net margin of 10.83% and a return on equity of 14.57%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.92 earnings per share. Equities analysts predict that Amdocs Limited will post $3.77 earnings per share for the current year. Several research firms recently issued reports on DOX. Zacks Investment Research cut Amdocs Limited from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Robert W. Baird upped their price objective on Amdocs Limited from $62.00 to $66.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $70.00 price objective (up from $65.00) on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $68.00 price objective on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research report on Tuesday. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Amdocs Limited currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $66.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/favorable-media-coverage-likely-to-affect-amdocs-limited-dox-share-price.html. Amdocs Limited Company Profile Amdocs Limited is a provider of software and services for communications, entertainment and media industry service providers. The Company develops, implements and manages software and services associated with business support systems (BSS), operational support systems (OSS) and network operations to enable service providers to introduce new products and services, process orders, monetize data, support new business models and enhance their understanding of their customers. Receive News & Ratings for Amdocs Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Southwest Airlines Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital One National Association Has $8.644 Million Stake in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 4,865 Shares of Stepan Company (SCL) LSV Asset Management Decreases Stake in Wesco Aircraft Holdings Inc (WAIR) Deluxe Co. (DLX) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC LSV Asset Management Reduces Stake in MainSource Financial Group Inc. (MSFG) CSRA Inc (CSRA) Position Reduced by LSV Asset Management Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Microchip Technology Inc. (MCHP) Raised by Analyst Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for PennantPark Investment Corp. Cut by SunTrust Banks (PNNT) Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Lowe's Companies, Inc. Lifted by Analyst (LOW) Analysts Set Expectations for Miragen Therapeutics, Inc.’s Q1 2018 Earnings (MGEN) Sunrun (RUN) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.04 Oxford Industries (OXM) Given Media Impact Score of -0.20 Recro Pharma (REPH) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Neuberger Berman Real Estate Sec Inc Fd (NRO) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Cuts Stake in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Msci Inc (MSCI) Shares Sold by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Reduces Stake in Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Position Held by Tyers Asset Management LLC Inter Pipeline Ltd (IPL) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 18th Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $334,000 Position in FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) Capital One National Association Has $8.644 Million Stake in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital One National Association cut its stake in Southwest Airlines Co (NYSE:LUV) by 0.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 160,795 shares of the airline’s stock after selling 1,134 shares during the period. Capital One National Association’s holdings in Southwest Airlines were worth $8,644,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. State Street Corp increased its position in Southwest Airlines by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 23,126,598 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $1,152,643,000 after buying an additional 141,834 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Southwest Airlines by 6.3% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 6,230,147 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $334,934,000 after buying an additional 367,801 shares during the period. APG Asset Management N.V. increased its position in Southwest Airlines by 10.1% in the first quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 4,037,493 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $217,056,000 after buying an additional 370,954 shares during the period. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC increased its position in Southwest Airlines by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. Barrow Hanley Mewhinney & Strauss LLC now owns 3,414,303 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $170,169,000 after buying an additional 50,958 shares during the period. Finally, Putnam Investments LLC increased its position in Southwest Airlines by 180.6% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 2,739,400 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $136,532,000 after buying an additional 1,763,174 shares during the period. 76.70% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Southwest Airlines Co (NYSE:LUV) traded down 1.50% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $57.22. 3,069,609 shares of the stock traded hands. Southwest Airlines Co has a 12 month low of $35.42 and a 12 month high of $59.68. The company’s 50 day moving average is $55.43 and its 200 day moving average is $51.58. The company has a market cap of $34.60 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.16 and a beta of 0.88. Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The airline reported $0.61 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $4.88 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.91 billion. Southwest Airlines had a net margin of 10.97% and a return on equity of 29.79%. Southwest Airlines’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.88 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Southwest Airlines Co will post $3.82 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Capital One National Association Has $8.644 Million Stake in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/capital-one-national-association-has-8-644-million-stake-in-southwest-airlines-co-luv.html. Several research analysts recently commented on LUV shares. Imperial Capital raised their price objective on shares of Southwest Airlines from $59.00 to $63.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Morgan Stanley reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Southwest Airlines in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Cowen and Company increased their target price on shares of Southwest Airlines from $58.00 to $62.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Vetr cut shares of Southwest Airlines from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $58.14 target price on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Southwest Airlines from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $55.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $55.25. In related news, EVP Robert E. Jordan sold 13,939 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $58.23, for a total transaction of $811,667.97. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 125,403 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,302,216.69. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Mark R. Shaw sold 1,211 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $58.26, for a total transaction of $70,552.86. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 13,048 shares in the company, valued at approximately $760,176.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 72,626 shares of company stock worth $4,194,287. 0.18% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Southwest Airlines Southwest Airlines Co (Southwest) operates Southwest Airlines, a passenger airline that provides scheduled air transportation in the United States and near-international markets. The Company provides point-to-point service. The Company offers ancillary service offerings, such as Southwest’s EarlyBird Check-In and transportation of pets and unaccompanied minors, in accordance with Southwest’s respective policies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LUV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Southwest Airlines Co (NYSE:LUV). Receive News & Ratings for Southwest Airlines Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Priceline Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Priceline Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $8.924 Million Position in CA, Inc. (CA) Private Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) 3,037 Shares in Enbridge Inc (ENB) Acquired by Alpha Omega Wealth Management LLC Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. Has $1.568 Million Position in Allstate Corp (ALL) Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Has $12 Million Stake in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Position Boosted by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can JRM Investment Counsel LLC Cuts Stake in Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) CarMax, Inc (KMX) Stake Decreased by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Lowers Stake in PulteGroup, Inc. (PHM) 14,324 Shares in Cummins Inc. (CMI) Acquired by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Analysts Expect MDC Partners Inc (MDCA) to Post $0.07 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Set $45.50 Price Target for KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) J & J Snack Foods Corp (JJSF) Given $125.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Zacks: Paramount Resources Ltd (PRMRF) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Sell” by Brokerages Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Masco Corp (MAS) to Announce $0.60 EPS Park Sterling Corp (PSTB) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.14 Per Share FY2017 EPS Estimates for Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Increased by Analyst Ormat Technologies, Inc. Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $2.32 Per Share (ORA) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc (NSM) Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Sells 1,691 Shares of Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Has $12 Million Stake in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI increased its stake in Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ:PCLN) by 59.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 563 shares of the business services provider’s stock after buying an additional 211 shares during the period. Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI’s holdings in Priceline Group were worth $1,002,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in PCLN. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC boosted its stake in Priceline Group by 1.3% in the first quarter. BKD Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 151 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $269,000 after buying an additional 2 shares during the period. Cadence Bank NA boosted its stake in Priceline Group by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Cadence Bank NA now owns 154 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $226,000 after buying an additional 4 shares during the period. Puplava Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in Priceline Group by 2.7% in the first quarter. Puplava Financial Services Inc. now owns 192 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $342,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. CAPROCK Group Inc. boosted its stake in Priceline Group by 2.5% in the first quarter. CAPROCK Group Inc. now owns 207 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $368,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Finally, First Manhattan Co. boosted its stake in Priceline Group by 5.3% in the first quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 100 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. 95.28% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ:PCLN) traded up 0.25% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $1818.18. 638,719 shares of the stock were exchanged. Priceline Group Inc has a one year low of $1,148.06 and a one year high of $1,927.13. The company has a 50-day moving average of $1,802.42 and a 200 day moving average of $1,630.40. The stock has a market cap of $89.35 billion, a PE ratio of 41.05 and a beta of 1.62. Priceline Group (NASDAQ:PCLN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The business services provider reported $9.88 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $8.83 by $1.05. The business had revenue of $2.42 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.45 billion. Priceline Group had a net margin of 18.91% and a return on equity of 34.70%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 12.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $10.54 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Priceline Group Inc will post $73.63 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “Schaper Benz & Wise Investment Counsel Inc. WI Has $12 Million Stake in Priceline Group Inc (PCLN)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/schaper-benz-wise-investment-counsel-inc-wi-has-12-million-stake-in-priceline-group-inc-pcln.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on PCLN. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc restated a “positive” rating and set a $2,150.00 target price (up from $1,950.00) on shares of Priceline Group in a research report on Friday. Vetr upgraded Priceline Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $1,875.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $2,020.00 target price on Priceline Group and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their target price on Priceline Group from $1,940.00 to $2,125.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Priceline Group in a research report on Wednesday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twenty-four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $1,922.29. In related news, CEO Gillian Tans sold 122 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $1,743.00, for a total transaction of $212,646.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 6,289 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $10,961,727. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, CFO Daniel J. Finnegan sold 3,052 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $1,730.38, for a total transaction of $5,281,119.76. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 20,779 shares in the company, valued at approximately $35,955,566.02. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.42% of the company’s stock. About Priceline Group The Priceline Group Inc is a provider of travel and restaurant online reservation and related services. The Company, through its online travel companies (OTCs), connects consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services across the world. It offers consumers an array of accommodation reservations (including hotels, bed and breakfasts, hostels, apartments, vacation rentals and other properties) through its Booking.com, priceline.com and agoda.com brands. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PCLN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ:PCLN). Receive News & Ratings for Priceline Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Priceline Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Finance Co. (GFN) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.05 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Will Post Earnings of $0.60 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) to Post $0.38 EPS Analysts Anticipate Gap Inc (GPS) to Announce $0.29 EPS Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Ferro Co. (FOE) Will Post Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Exchange Income Co. Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.08 Per Share (EIF) Jennison Associates LLC Has $7.865 Million Position in Premier Inc (PINC) Jennison Associates LLC Increases Stake in EnLink Midstream Partners LP (ENLK) Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Shares Bought by Arcadia Investment Management Corp MI Brookstone Capital Management Invests $247,000 in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Grandfield & Dodd LLC Has $1.814 Million Stake in Adobe Systems Incorporated (ADBE) Markel Corp Has $8,835,000 Position in Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Decreases Position in Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng Inc (ASX) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires 103,800 Shares of Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $7.675 Million Stake in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund (JLS) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.56 Landmark Infrastructure Partners (LMRK) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 JPMorgan Global Equity Income Fund (JGCI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 18th Analysts Anticipate Mercer International Inc. (MERC) to Announce $0.35 EPS $0.58 EPS Expected for Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) to Post $0.38 EPS May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (NYSE:FTI) to report $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Fifteen analysts have provided estimates for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share’s earnings, with estimates ranging from $0.32 to $0.45. TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share posted earnings per share of $0.22 in the same quarter last year, which indicates a positive year-over-year growth rate of 72.7%. The company is scheduled to report its next quarterly earnings report on Wednesday, July 19th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share will report full year earnings of $1.42 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.88 to $1.87. For the next fiscal year, analysts forecast that the business will post earnings of $1.69 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $0.98 to $2.26. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that that provide coverage for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share. Several research firms have weighed in on FTI. Sanford C. Bernstein began coverage on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. They set an “underperform” rating and a $27.00 price target for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $40.00 price target for the company. Barclays PLC began coverage on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $38.00 price target for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. They set a “buy” rating and a $40.00 price target for the company. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC began coverage on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Monday, February 6th. They set a “hold” rating and a $34.00 price target for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $35.29. Shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (NYSE:FTI) traded down 1.93% on Wednesday, hitting $30.92. The stock had a trading volume of 2,164,764 shares. TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share has a 52 week low of $29.86 and a 52 week high of $36.14. The stock has a market capitalization of $14.42 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.55 and a beta of 1.01. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $32.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $33.34. In other news, insider Richard G. Alabaster sold 8,000 shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.29, for a total value of $250,320.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 60,418 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,890,479.22. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Mark J. Scott sold 32,000 shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.87, for a total value of $1,019,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 77,678 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,475,597.86. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 50,140 shares of company stock valued at $1,604,983. Company insiders own 0.86% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of FTI. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share by 3,127.8% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 20,159,977 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $655,198,000 after buying an additional 19,535,400 shares during the last quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. boosted its position in TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share by 5,960.8% in the first quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. now owns 13,171,232 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $428,601,000 after buying an additional 12,953,913 shares during the last quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC boosted its position in TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share by 68.6% in the first quarter. First Eagle Investment Management LLC now owns 19,967,797 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $648,953,000 after buying an additional 8,122,004 shares during the last quarter. AXA boosted its position in TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share by 63,654.7% in the first quarter. AXA now owns 7,475,236 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $242,945,000 after buying an additional 7,463,511 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share by 79.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,782,483 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $350,431,000 after buying an additional 4,780,276 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 91.01% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) to Post $0.38 EPS” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/zacks-brokerages-anticipate-technipfmc-plc-ordinary-share-fti-to-post-0-38-eps.html. About TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share FMC Technologies, Inc is a global provider of technology solutions for the energy industry. The Company designs, manufactures and services a range of systems and products, including subsea production and processing systems, surface wellhead production systems, high pressure fluid control equipment, measurement solutions and marine loading systems. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clorox Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Clorox Co (CLX) Shares Sold by Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $45.958 Million Stake in Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Linscomb & Williams Inc. Maintains Position in Clorox Co (CLX) Wells Fargo & Company MN Sells 122,261 Shares of D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $48.449 Million Position in Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Arrow Financial Corp Sells 1,025 Shares of Biogen Inc (BIIB) Greenleaf Trust Has $286,000 Position in Baxter International Inc (BAX) FY2017 EPS Estimates for DENTSPLY SIRONA Inc (XRAY) Reduced by Analyst Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.25 Per Share Houlihan Lokey (HLI) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 Pool Co. (POOL) Stake Raised by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Galmed Pharmaceuticals (GLMD) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.13 Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Purchases 1,560 Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Stake Maintained by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Increases Stake in Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Shares Bought by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Beaumont Financial Partners LLC Buys New Position in General Dynamics Co. (GD) North Star Investment Management Corp. Raises Stake in Weyerhaeuser Co (WY) North Star Investment Management Corp. Sells 460 Shares of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Central Bank & Trust Co. Has $2.618 Million Stake in Biogen Inc (BIIB) Linscomb & Williams Inc. Maintains Position in Clorox Co (CLX) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Linscomb & Williams Inc. maintained its stake in shares of Clorox Co (NYSE:CLX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 2,076 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Linscomb & Williams Inc.’s holdings in Clorox were worth $280,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Destination Wealth Management boosted its stake in shares of Clorox by 14.6% in the third quarter. Destination Wealth Management now owns 20,845 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,609,000 after buying an additional 2,653 shares during the last quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN boosted its stake in shares of Clorox by 0.3% in the third quarter. OLD National Bancorp IN now owns 20,876 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,613,000 after buying an additional 67 shares during the last quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Clorox by 6.6% in the third quarter. Mizuho Trust & Banking Co. Ltd. now owns 231,172 shares of the company’s stock worth $28,938,000 after buying an additional 14,385 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Clorox by 1,915.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 273,277 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,822,000 after buying an additional 259,719 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Personal Financial Services boosted its stake in shares of Clorox by 61.4% in the third quarter. First Personal Financial Services now owns 29,257 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,662,000 after buying an additional 11,131 shares during the last quarter. 70.14% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Clorox Co (NYSE:CLX) opened at 132.16 on Friday. Clorox Co has a one year low of $111.24 and a one year high of $140.47. The stock has a market cap of $17.02 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.11 and a beta of 0.32. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $134.30 and a 200-day moving average price of $125.93. Clorox (NYSE:CLX) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $1.31 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.30 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.48 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. Clorox had a return on equity of 239.42% and a net margin of 11.15%. Clorox’s revenue was up 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.21 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Clorox Co will post $5.30 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, August 4th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, July 19th will be issued a $0.84 dividend. This is a positive change from Clorox’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.80. This represents a $3.36 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.54%. Clorox’s dividend payout ratio is 64.13%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Linscomb & Williams Inc. Maintains Position in Clorox Co (CLX)” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/linscomb-williams-inc-maintains-position-in-clorox-co-clx.html. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Clorox from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Vetr raised shares of Clorox from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $139.67 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Clorox in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $136.00 price target on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada set a $115.00 price target on shares of Clorox and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC assumed coverage on shares of Clorox in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $138.00 price target on the stock. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $128.97. Clorox Company Profile The Clorox Company is a manufacturer and marketer of consumer and professional products. The Company sells its products primarily through mass retail outlets, e-commerce channels, wholesale distributors and medical supply distributors. The Company operates through four segments: Cleaning, Household, Lifestyle and International. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CLX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Clorox Co (NYSE:CLX). Receive News & Ratings for Clorox Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clorox Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stryker Co. (SYK) Shares Sold by Oakworth Capital Inc. Dillon & Associates Inc. Sells 840 Shares of Stryker Co. (SYK) Phillips 66 (PSX) Shares Bought by Argyle Capital Management Inc. AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Has $49.366 Million Position in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Stake Held by Wedgewood Investors Inc. PA PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Shares Sold by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. SYSCO Co. (SYY) Stake Decreased by Callahan Advisors LLC Shayne & CO. LLC Reduces Stake in SYSCO Co. (SYY) NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan Has $1,202,000 Stake in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Shares Sold by Security National Trust Co. Monsanto Company (MON) Shares Sold by Cullen Frost Bankers Inc. Jones Collombin Investment Counsel Inc Sells 39,666 Shares of Time Warner Inc (TWX) Net 1 UEPS Technologies (UEPS) Earning Very Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Dawson Geophysical (DWSN) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Western Asset Managed Municipals Fnd (MMU) Earning Very Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Western Asset Municipal Partners Fnd (MNP) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.69 Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited (AHL) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.69 Cencosud SA (CNCO) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.70 Nuveen NY Municipal Value (NNY) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.69 AMF Pensionsforsakring AB Has $49.366 Million Position in BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AMF Pensionsforsakring AB cut its position in shares of BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) by 12.3% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 128,722 shares of the asset manager’s stock after selling 18,021 shares during the period. AMF Pensionsforsakring AB owned 0.08% of BlackRock worth $49,366,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue acquired a new position in shares of BlackRock during the first quarter worth approximately $108,000. Peoples Financial Services CORP. acquired a new position in shares of BlackRock during the first quarter worth approximately $115,000. WFG Advisors LP increased its position in shares of BlackRock by 61.8% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 998 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 381 shares in the last quarter. Massey Quick & Co. LLC acquired a new position in shares of BlackRock during the fourth quarter worth approximately $137,000. Finally, SRB Corp increased its position in shares of BlackRock by 6.3% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 423 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 25 shares in the last quarter. 80.82% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) opened at 385.12 on Friday. BlackRock, Inc. has a 12 month low of $317.60 and a 12 month high of $399.46. The firm has a market capitalization of $62.72 billion, a PE ratio of 18.92 and a beta of 1.72. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $382.45 and its 200-day moving average price is $378.57. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 19th. The asset manager reported $5.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $4.94 by $0.31. The company had revenue of $2.82 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.86 billion. BlackRock had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 28.44%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 7.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $4.25 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that BlackRock, Inc. will post $21.65 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/amf-pensionsforsakring-ab-has-49-366-million-position-in-blackrock-inc-blk.html. A number of research firms have commented on BLK. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $441.00 target price (down previously from $449.00) on shares of BlackRock in a report on Saturday, April 22nd. Barclays PLC reduced their target price on BlackRock from $411.00 to $396.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Citigroup Inc increased their target price on BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $464.00 target price on shares of BlackRock in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $410.30. BlackRock Company Profile BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK). Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cognex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Shares Bought by Shell Asset Management Co. Shell Asset Management Co. Has $943,000 Position in Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $952,000 Stake in Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Decreases Position in Wendys Co (WEN) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $742,000 Position in Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $757,000 Stake in Cognex Co. (CGNX) Zacks: Analysts Expect Four Corners Property Trust Inc (FCPT) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $32.99 Million $2.86 Billion in Sales Expected for CSX Co. (CSX) This Quarter Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Argan (AGX) Stock Price Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Natus Medical (BABY) Stock Price Bel Fuse (BELFA) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows City National Corp (CYN) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35 Tiptree (TIPT) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds TransMontaigne Partners L.P. (TLP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc (C) Stake Boosted by Janney Montgomery Scott LLC ST Germain D J Co. Inc. Acquires 318 Shares of NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Stake Boosted by Delta Asset Management LLC TN Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Shares Bought by Delta Asset Management LLC TN General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Sold by Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Stake Boosted by Dubuque Bank & Trust Co. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Has $757,000 Stake in Cognex Co. (CGNX) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Janney Montgomery Scott LLC lowered its stake in Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX) by 0.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 9,018 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock after selling 2 shares during the period. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC’s holdings in Cognex were worth $757,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds also recently bought and sold shares of the company. 1832 Asset Management L.P. acquired a new position in shares of Cognex during the third quarter worth about $14,361,000. Jane Street Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Cognex during the third quarter worth about $500,000. Zacks Investment Management acquired a new position in shares of Cognex during the third quarter worth about $1,088,000. Joho Capital LLC increased its position in shares of Cognex by 9.7% in the third quarter. Joho Capital LLC now owns 1,690,138 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $89,341,000 after buying an additional 149,589 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Profund Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Cognex by 17.2% in the third quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 11,677 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $617,000 after buying an additional 1,714 shares in the last quarter. 90.00% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX) opened at 91.25 on Friday. Cognex Co. has a 12 month low of $38.71 and a 12 month high of $91.52. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $84.53 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.63. The stock has a market cap of $7.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 44.40 and a beta of 1.33. Cognex (NASDAQ:CGNX) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.30 by $0.13. Cognex had a return on equity of 13.67% and a net margin of 26.59%. The company had revenue of $129.32 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.93 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.22 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 32.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Cognex Co. will post $2.10 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.085 per share. This represents a $0.34 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.37%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. This is a positive change from Cognex’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.08. Cognex’s dividend payout ratio is currently 20.13%. WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/janney-montgomery-scott-llc-has-757000-stake-in-cognex-co-cgnx.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on Cognex in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $66.00 price target on the stock. Cowen and Company decreased their target price on Cognex from $100.00 to $90.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. TheStreet upgraded Cognex from a “c+” rating to a “b” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Cognex in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. They issued a “buy” rating on the stock. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded Cognex from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $69.51. In other Cognex news, CEO Robert Willett sold 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.75, for a total transaction of $3,887,500.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,887,500. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Director Patrick Alias sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $77.85, for a total value of $389,250.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $389,250. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 149,081 shares of company stock worth $12,269,268. Corporate insiders own 6.40% of the company’s stock. About Cognex Cognex Corporation (Cognex) is a provider of machine vision products that capture and analyze visual information in order to automate tasks, primarily in manufacturing processes, where vision is required. The Company operates through the machine vision technology segment. The Company’s machine vision products are used to automate the manufacture and tracking of discrete items, such as mobile phones, aspirin bottles and automobile tires, by locating, identifying, inspecting and measuring them during the manufacturing or distribution process. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CGNX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cognex Co. (NASDAQ:CGNX). Receive News & Ratings for Cognex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cognex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vodafone Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs MLP and Energy Renassnc Fd (GER) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, Report Finds Western Asset Global Corp Defind Opp Fnd (GDO) Earning Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Planet Fitness (PLNT) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.38 John Hancock Patriot Premium Div Fund II (PDT) Earning Extremely Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) to Hold First Quadrant L P CA Has $195,000 Position in Evertec Inc (EVTC) Unique Fabricating Inc (UFAB) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Mycio Wealth Partners LLC Invests $294,000 in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) First Quadrant L P CA Has $182,000 Stake in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Position Held by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Has $335,000 Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Moody's Co. (MCO) Shares Bought by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Shares Sold by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC Eleven Biotherapeutics Inc (EBIO) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Debt Trading 2.7% Higher Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc (UEPS) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Vitamin Shoppe Inc (VSI) Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Primoris Services Corp Issued By Seaport Global Securities (PRIM) U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Accenture Plc (ACN) Position Increased by Acadian Asset Management LLC Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Position Held by Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC maintained its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 12,408 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Vodafone Group Plc were worth $328,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of the stock. Apriem Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Vodafone Group Plc by 6.7% in the third quarter. Apriem Advisors now owns 4,428 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 279 shares during the last quarter. Pacific Center for Financial Services purchased a new stake in Vodafone Group Plc during the fourth quarter valued at about $112,000. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. boosted its stake in Vodafone Group Plc by 4.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 4,956 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $131,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Washington Trust Bank boosted its stake in Vodafone Group Plc by 26.2% in the first quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 5,011 shares of the cell phone carrier’s stock valued at $132,000 after buying an additional 1,040 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Independent Advisor Alliance purchased a new stake in Vodafone Group Plc during the fourth quarter valued at about $149,000. 9.59% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD) opened at 27.58 on Friday. The stock’s market capitalization is $76.98 billion. Vodafone Group Plc has a one year low of $24.17 and a one year high of $34.70. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $26.36 and its 200 day moving average is $25.78. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/vodafone-group-plc-vod-position-held-by-glen-harbor-capital-management-llc.html. Several research firms have issued reports on VOD. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Vodafone Group Plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Bank of America Corp cut shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. HSBC Holdings plc cut shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Vodafone Group Plc from a “buy” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Vodafone Group Plc has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $30.35. About Vodafone Group Plc Vodafone Group Plc (Vodafone) is a telecommunications company. The Company’s business is organized into two geographic regions: Europe, and Africa, Middle East and Asia Pacific (AMAP). Its segments include Europe and AMAP. Its Europe segment includes geographic regions, such as Germany, Italy, the United Kingdom, Spain and Other Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding VOD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Vodafone Group Plc (NASDAQ:VOD). Receive News & Ratings for Vodafone Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vodafone Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Manhattan Co. Acquires New Stake in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) First Manhattan Co. Holds Stake in Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) Corning Incorporated (GLW) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC Brown & Brown, Inc. (BRO) Shares Bought by Profund Advisors LLC First Manhattan Co. Continues to Hold Position in Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Profund Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) $41.59 Million in Sales Expected for Heritage Financial Corp (HFWA) This Quarter Manning and Napier (MN) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.15 HealthStream (HSTM) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports On Track Innovations (OTIV) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.09 MarineMax (HZO) Given News Impact Score of 0.70 Provident Financial plc (PFG) to Issue Dividend of GBX 91.40 on June 23rd Sykes Enterprises, Incorporated (SYKE) Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.60 Per Share Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Position Maintained by Van Cleef Asset Management Inc Nationwide Fund Advisors Has $8.099 Million Position in Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Nationwide Fund Advisors Has $8.1 Million Position in Vectren Corp (VVC) TransUnion (TRU) Stake Raised by Nationwide Fund Advisors Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 3,539 Shares of Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Shares Sold by Retirement Systems of Alabama Retirement Systems of Alabama Reduces Position in Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) First Manhattan Co. Holds Stake in Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Manhattan Co. maintained its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (NYSE:SERV) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 3,160 shares of the business services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. First Manhattan Co.’s holdings in Servicemaster Global Holdings were worth $106,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Incline Global Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings during the third quarter valued at approximately $38,720,000. BOKF NA raised its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings by 29.3% in the third quarter. BOKF NA now owns 11,710 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $395,000 after buying an additional 2,654 shares in the last quarter. Westpac Banking Corp raised its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings by 1.1% in the third quarter. Westpac Banking Corp now owns 15,756 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $531,000 after buying an additional 175 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings by 1.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,286,698 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $43,336,000 after buying an additional 24,013 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings by 6.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 19,662 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $662,000 after buying an additional 1,271 shares in the last quarter. Shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (NYSE:SERV) opened at 37.29 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $39.93 and its 200 day moving average is $38.52. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.00 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.00 and a beta of 1.02. Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc has a 52 week low of $32.41 and a 52 week high of $42.45. Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The business services provider reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.38 by $0.04. Servicemaster Global Holdings had a return on equity of 44.95% and a net margin of 5.23%. The firm had revenue of $643 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $638.52 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.34 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc will post $2.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “First Manhattan Co. Holds Stake in Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (SERV)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/first-manhattan-co-holds-stake-in-servicemaster-global-holdings-inc-serv.html. Several brokerages recently weighed in on SERV. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $49.00 target price on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $49.00 target price on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $43.00 target price on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research note on Friday, January 20th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $43.67. In other news, SVP Susan Hunsberger sold 16,666 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.05, for a total transaction of $667,473.30. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 28,313 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,133,935.65. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Timothy M. Haynes sold 6,265 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.15, for a total transaction of $251,539.75. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 17,335 shares in the company, valued at $696,000.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 172,860 shares of company stock worth $6,900,476. Corporate insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. Servicemaster Global Holdings Company Profile ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc is a provider of essential residential and commercial services. The Company operates through three segments: Terminix, American Home Shield and the Franchise Services Group. Its portfolio of brands includes Terminix, American Home Shield, ServiceMaster Restore, ServiceMaster Clean, Merry Maids, Furniture Medic and AmeriSpec. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SERV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc (NYSE:SERV). Receive News & Ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Michaels Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investors Buy High Volume of United States Natural Gas Fund, Put Options (UNG) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Cuts Position in Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Teachers Retirement System of The State of Kentucky Has $148.213 Million Stake in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) is Security Asset Management’s 10th Largest Position UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $912,000 Stake in Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Stake Decreased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Chimera Investment Co. (CIM) Position Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 1,339 Shares of Allegiant Travel Company (ALGT) Teachers Advisors LLC Raises Stake in Dorman Products Inc. (DORM) Two Harbors Investment Corp (TWO) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Has $3.7 Million Stake in National Instruments Corp (NATI) LifePoint Health Inc (LPNT) Stake Boosted by Teachers Advisors LLC Radiant Logistics Inc (RLGT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” FBR & Co Comments on Quanta Services Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PWR) Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc (ZLTQ) Short Interest Update Brokers Issue Forecasts for Spark Energy Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SPKE) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Ensign Energy Services Inc Lifted by Analyst (ESI) On Deck Capital Inc (ONDK) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Michaels Companies Inc (MIK) Stake Decreased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. cut its stake in Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) by 32.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 44,274 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after selling 20,800 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc.’s holdings in Michaels Companies were worth $906,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $24,880,000. Barings LLC acquired a new position in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $828,000. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC acquired a new position in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $720,000. Cigna Investments Inc. New acquired a new position in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,126,000. Finally, Guggenheim Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of Michaels Companies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $393,000. Shares of Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK) opened at 21.01 on Friday. The company has a market capitalization of $3.97 billion, a PE ratio of 11.54 and a beta of 1.01. Michaels Companies Inc has a 52-week low of $19.00 and a 52-week high of $31.36. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $22.80 and its 200-day moving average price is $22.10. Michaels Companies (NASDAQ:MIK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 7th. The specialty retailer reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $1.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.76 billion. Michaels Companies had a negative return on equity of 22.27% and a net margin of 7.15%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.87 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Michaels Companies Inc will post $2.12 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/michaels-companies-inc-mik-stake-decreased-by-ubs-asset-management-americas-inc.html. Several brokerages have commented on MIK. Zacks Investment Research raised Michaels Companies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Saturday. Piper Jaffray Companies downgraded Michaels Companies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Guggenheim reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $28.00 price target on shares of Michaels Companies in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Bank of America Corp raised Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Michaels Companies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $28.50. In related news, EVP Philo Pappas sold 32,020 shares of Michaels Companies stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.00, for a total transaction of $704,440.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 41,435 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $911,570. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Vice Chairman Charles M. Sonsteby sold 38,754 shares of Michaels Companies stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.12, for a total value of $857,238.48. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 56,744 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,255,177.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.50% of the company’s stock. About Michaels Companies The Michaels Companies, Inc (Michaels) is an arts and crafts specialty retailer in North America. The Company’s segments include Michaels-U.S., Michaels-Canada, Aaron Brothers, Pat Catan’s and Darice. As of January 28, 2017, the Company operated 1,223 Michaels retail stores in 49 states and Canada, with approximately 18,000 average square feet of selling space per store. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MIK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Michaels Companies Inc (NASDAQ:MIK). Receive News & Ratings for Michaels Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Michaels Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acceleron Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Acceleron Pharma Inc Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings (XLRN) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. (PKOH) to “Hold” Superconductor Technologies, Inc. (SCON) Trading -12.9% Higher After Earnings Beat OvaScience Inc (OVAS) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Charles River Laboratories Intl. Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CRL) Eagle Bulk Shipping Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.12) Per Share (EGLE) U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (PRTS) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Pershing Gold Corp (PGLC) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Endo International plc – (ENDP) Decreased by Analyst Hallador Energy Co to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (HNRG) Primo Water Co. (PRMW) Sees Significant Increase in Short Interest Northcoast Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) NCI Inc (NCIT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Dmc Global Inc (BOOM) Short Interest Down 6.9% in April Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Noodles & Co (NDLS) Decreased by Wedbush Zacks Investment Research Downgrades MDU Resources Group Inc (MDU) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nantkwest Inc (NK) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Numerex Corp. (NMRX) to Sell Pandora Media Inc (P) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.46) Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Acceleron Pharma Inc Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings (XLRN) May 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) – Oppenheimer Holdings cut their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Acceleron Pharma in a research note issued to investors on Monday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst L. Cann now expects that the biopharmaceutical company will earn ($0.68) per share for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of ($0.67). Oppenheimer Holdings has a “Buy” rating and a $40.00 price objective on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for Acceleron Pharma’s Q4 2017 earnings at ($0.71) EPS, FY2018 earnings at ($3.54) EPS, FY2019 earnings at ($4.60) EPS, FY2020 earnings at ($5.87) EPS and FY2021 earnings at ($1.02) EPS. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.66) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.58) by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $3.71 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.38 million. Acceleron Pharma had a negative return on equity of 30.75% and a negative net margin of 229.77%. Acceleron Pharma’s quarterly revenue was down 79.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.13 earnings per share. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Acceleron Pharma Inc Lowered by Oppenheimer Holdings (XLRN)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/13/q2-2017-eps-estimates-for-acceleron-pharma-inc-lowered-by-oppenheimer-holdings-xlrn.html. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on XLRN. JMP Securities restated an “outperform” rating and set a $39.00 target price on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Monday, May 1st. FBR & Co set a $63.00 price objective on shares of Acceleron Pharma and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $33.00 price objective on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $46.00 price objective on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Acceleron Pharma from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and decreased their price objective for the company from $40.00 to $36.00 in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.46. Shares of Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) opened at 30.01 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $28.54 and its 200 day moving average is $28.69. The company’s market capitalization is $1.16 billion. Acceleron Pharma has a 12-month low of $23.07 and a 12-month high of $41.69. Several large investors have recently made changes to their positions in XLRN. Bessemer Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 3,999.1% in the fourth quarter. Bessemer Group Inc. now owns 4,755 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 4,639 shares during the last quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al boosted its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 24.1% in the fourth quarter. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al now owns 8,389 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $214,000 after buying an additional 1,631 shares during the last quarter. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma during the first quarter worth about $237,000. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma during the first quarter worth about $241,000. Finally, Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd acquired a new stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma during the first quarter worth about $269,000. 82.57% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Acceleron Pharma Acceleron Pharma Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutics to treat serious and rare diseases. Its research focuses on key natural regulators of cellular growth and repair, particularly the Transforming Growth Factor-Beta (TGF-beta), protein superfamily. Receive News & Ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Shares Sold by Mork Capital Management LLC Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Has $30.267 Million Position in ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Mork Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 6,060 Shares of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Mork Capital Management LLC Has $908,000 Position in Gap Inc (GPS) Hood River Capital Management LLC Invests $10.436 Million in TIER REIT Inc (TIER) FormFactor, Inc. (FORM) Shares Bought by Hood River Capital Management LLC Assetmark Inc. Lowers Stake in Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Hood River Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Pool Co. (POOL) Kinsale Capital Group Inc (KNSL) Shares Bought by Hood River Capital Management LLC Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Raises Stake in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 28,048 Shares of MGM Resorts International (MGM) Hood River Capital Management LLC Has $13.586 Million Position in LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Mork Capital Management LLC Has $722,000 Stake in Gannett Co Inc (GCI) Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Position Reduced by Hood River Capital Management LLC Mork Capital Management LLC Has $1,889,000 Position in Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Hood River Capital Management LLC Has $11.05 Million Stake in Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Has $31.89 Million Stake in SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Hood River Capital Management LLC Purchases 177,774 Shares of Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc (TRHC) Japan Tobacco Inc (JAPAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Mork Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mork Capital Management LLC held its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 36,100 shares of the auto parts company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Mork Capital Management LLC’s holdings in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings were worth $678,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Foundry Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 15.1% in the first quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 889,123 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $16,698,000 after buying an additional 116,381 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 689.9% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 180,169 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $3,478,000 after buying an additional 157,360 shares during the period. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 84.3% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 1,251,488 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $23,503,000 after buying an additional 572,315 shares during the period. United Services Automobile Association boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 45.3% in the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 346,223 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $5,962,000 after buying an additional 107,900 shares during the period. Finally, State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,648,331 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $31,809,000 after buying an additional 114,333 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 98.33% of the company’s stock. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) traded down 2.49% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $17.25. 851,301 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $17.53 and its 200 day moving average is $18.27. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. has a 52 week low of $12.61 and a 52 week high of $21.25. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.28 and a beta of 1.37. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) last announced its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The auto parts company reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.15. The business had revenue of $1.05 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.06 billion. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings had a return on equity of 54.01% and a net margin of 6.10%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.78 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. will post $3.38 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Mork Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/mork-capital-management-llc-maintains-stake-in-american-axle-manufact-holdings-inc-axl.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on AXL shares. FBR & Co cut shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Citigroup Inc cut shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $21.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Monday, February 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $24.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $23.00 price objective on shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a research note on Monday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $20.38. About American Axle & Manufact. Holdings American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc (AAM) manufactures, engineers, designs and validates driveline and drivetrain systems and related components and chassis modules for light trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover vehicles, passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Its driveline and drivetrain systems include components that transfer power from the transmission and deliver it to the drive wheels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL). Receive News & Ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Reuters - Barclays reshuffles investment banking pack, going on hiring spree Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Hiring opportunities ? Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires: sources Deutsche Bank reorganises macro, electronic trading units Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WEX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Target Price at $25.20 Analysts Anticipate Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) to Announce $0.24 EPS Analysts Expect Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) to Announce $0.57 Earnings Per Share Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $62 Million Stake in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Stevens Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 81,810 Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Smith Moore & CO. Sells 111 Shares of Bank of Montreal (BMO) MB Financial Inc (MBFI) Shares Bought by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Shares Sold by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $12.973 Million Position in CubeSmart (CUBE) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $6.081 Million Position in Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Insider Jack Bendheim Sells 1,400 Shares Darren Fichter Sells 3,000 Shares of Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Stock Insperity (NSP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35 Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stock Price Greene County Bancorp (GCBC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Emergent Biosolutions (EBS) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet WEX Inc (NYSE:WEX) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the eleven ratings firms that are presently covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have issued a hold recommendation and four have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $110.00. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of WEX from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $129.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Barclays PLC dropped their target price on shares of WEX from $116.00 to $115.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised shares of WEX from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. TheStreet cut shares of WEX from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $135.00 target price on shares of WEX in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Shares of WEX (NYSE:WEX) traded down 0.56% during trading on Friday, hitting $100.03. 388,779 shares of the stock were exchanged. WEX has a 52 week low of $80.67 and a 52 week high of $122.91. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $102.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $108.68. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 62.71 and a beta of 1.90. WEX (NYSE:WEX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The business services provider reported $1.13 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.13. The business had revenue of $291.36 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $281.68 million. WEX had a net margin of 5.95% and a return on equity of 13.93%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 41.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.98 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that WEX will post $5.31 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/wex-inc-wex-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. In related news, SVP Scott Robert Phillips sold 22,135 shares of WEX stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $99.90, for a total transaction of $2,211,286.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Michael E. Dubyak sold 5,500 shares of WEX stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.94, for a total transaction of $604,670.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 44,416 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,883,095.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.86% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Warburg Pincus LLC acquired a new position in shares of WEX during the fourth quarter worth about $447,703,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of WEX by 4.7% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,075,394 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $318,303,000 after buying an additional 137,427 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of WEX by 15,129.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,044,752 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $315,131,000 after buying an additional 3,024,760 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of WEX by 53.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,823,182 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $292,200,000 after buying an additional 986,969 shares during the period. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of WEX by 15.6% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 2,754,125 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $307,361,000 after buying an additional 371,145 shares during the period. 95.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About WEX WEX Inc is a provider of corporate payment solutions. The Company operates through three segments: Fleet Solutions, Travel and Corporate Solutions, and Health and Employee Benefit Solutions. The Fleet Solutions segment provides customers with payment and transaction processing services designed for the needs of commercial and government fleets. Receive News & Ratings for WEX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $62 Million Stake in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Stevens Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 81,810 Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Smith Moore & CO. Sells 111 Shares of Bank of Montreal (BMO) MB Financial Inc (MBFI) Shares Bought by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Shares Sold by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $12.973 Million Position in CubeSmart (CUBE) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $6.081 Million Position in Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Insider Jack Bendheim Sells 1,400 Shares Darren Fichter Sells 3,000 Shares of Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Stock Insperity (NSP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35 Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stock Price Greene County Bancorp (GCBC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Emergent Biosolutions (EBS) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Brewin Dolphin Holdings plc (BRW) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Kura Oncology Inc (KURA) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Five Below Inc (FIVE) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts RPM International Inc. (RPM) Position Decreased by Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stevens Capital Management LP increased its position in Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 213.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 78,626 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 53,538 shares during the period. Stevens Capital Management LP owned approximately 0.06% of Bunge worth $6,232,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Bunge by 2.0% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 20,226 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,198,000 after buying an additional 387 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Bunge by 8.2% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 19,700 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,167,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB increased its position in shares of Bunge by 14.5% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 136,151 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $8,064,000 after buying an additional 17,224 shares in the last quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Bunge by 0.5% in the third quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC now owns 9,475 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $561,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TradeLink Capital LLC bought a new position in shares of Bunge during the third quarter worth approximately $294,000. 78.49% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded down 0.31% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $69.93. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 878,308 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $76.73 and its 200 day moving average price is $72.87. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.82 billion, a PE ratio of 18.56 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge Ltd has a 1-year low of $56.69 and a 1-year high of $82.66. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. The company had revenue of $11.12 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.41 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a $0.42 dividend. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.40%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/stevens-capital-management-lp-has-6-232-million-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 price target on Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price target for the company. in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Stephens downgraded Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $76.14. In related news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at approximately $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acceleron Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scout Investments Inc. Has $30.265 Million Position in Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Shares Bought by Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Sells 9,452 Shares of Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Acquires 1,005 Shares of IDEX Co. (IEX) Middleby Corp (MIDD) Stake Raised by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Eagle Asset Management Inc. Acquires 4,100 Shares of Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) Capital Innovations LLC Raises Position in Kansas City Southern (KSU) News Corp (NWS) Stake Raised by Toronto Dominion Bank Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wells Fargo & Co Brokerages Expect American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Analysts Set Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Price Target at $58.43 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Receives $35.60 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages Knight Therapeutics Inc (GUD) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Workday Inc (WDAY) Stake Decreased by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Shares Sold by Pzena Investment Management LLC Traders Sell Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) on Strength After Analyst Downgrade Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 71,059 Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Acquires 4,100 Shares of Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Eagle Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1,178,959 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 4,100 shares during the period. Eagle Asset Management Inc. owned approximately 3.07% of Acceleron Pharma worth $31,207,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in XLRN. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in Acceleron Pharma by 1,540.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 811,749 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $29,378,000 after buying an additional 762,262 shares during the period. Perceptive Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $15,822,000. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P acquired a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $9,453,000. Novo A S increased its stake in Acceleron Pharma by 37.2% in the fourth quarter. Novo A S now owns 1,240,173 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $31,649,000 after buying an additional 336,340 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $8,234,000. 82.57% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) traded up 3.20% on Friday, hitting $30.01. 391,584 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $28.54 and its 200 day moving average price is $28.69. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.16 billion. Acceleron Pharma Inc has a 1-year low of $23.07 and a 1-year high of $41.69. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.66) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.58) by $0.08. Acceleron Pharma had a negative return on equity of 30.75% and a negative net margin of 229.77%. The firm had revenue of $3.71 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.38 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.13 EPS. The business’s revenue was down 79.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Acceleron Pharma Inc will post ($2.60) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/eagle-asset-management-inc-acquires-4100-shares-of-acceleron-pharma-inc-xlrn.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on XLRN shares. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price objective on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Thursday, April 6th. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Sunday, March 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $33.00 price objective on the stock. Nomura started coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised shares of Acceleron Pharma from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $40.00 to $36.00 in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Acceleron Pharma presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.46. Acceleron Pharma Company Profile Acceleron Pharma Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutics to treat serious and rare diseases. Its research focuses on key natural regulators of cellular growth and repair, particularly the Transforming Growth Factor-Beta (TGF-beta), protein superfamily. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XLRN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN). Receive News & Ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Forgot Your Wallet? 'No Worries' At This Card-Free ATM Bank Forgot Your Wallet? 'No Worries' At This Card-Free ATM Bank Duration: 00:57s - Published: on March 29, 2017< > Embed In the race to go Mobile - this bank just crossed the finished line in an epic way. Angeli Kakade (@angelikakade) has the story 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Forgot Your Wallet? 'No Worries' At This Card-Free ATM Bank In the race to go Mobile - this bank just crossed the finished line in an epic way Wells Fargo is the first bank to hit card free options across all of their 13,000 ATMS in the US Maybe they understood that sometimes wallets get left behind, especially for us ladies who switch out purses on the daily because a pink sweater doesn't go with a brown bag Here's how Wells Fargo is doing it Download the app if you don't already have it. Request an 8 digit code from the app and enter that code into the ATM - you'll still need to enter the card's PIN - because it's 2017 and double security doesn't hurt anyone The code expires in 30 minutes so there's also less chances of fraud says Wells Fargo - Plus you still have to login to the app with your banking password - so triple check? Apparently other banks are following suit. The Chicago Tribune reports JP Morgan Chase and Bank of America are testing out card free programs But still - do you ever really forget your first? You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Rafael Nadal Fernando Alonso Current Topics Ukraine Liberty University Children Saints Portugal South Korea Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Should The UK Leave Eurovision As Well As Europe? Is There A Chance THE ROCK May Run For President? Game Of Thrones Spinoffs Are Coming - And There's Some Big Writers On Board Why Has Sean Spicer Been Hiding Behind A Bush? Does Cannabis Improve Your Brain Power? Scientists Think So.. Are Facebook Memes Becoming A Security Risk? Experts Say So JK Rowling Makes Official Apology For Killing Off THIS Beloved Character Why Is Banksy's Latest Mural Causing A Stir? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Equity-strapped sellers keep starter homes in short supply Frustrations boil over for Trump after Comey dismissal Twin Cities face twin debates on police, housing and growth Minnesotans with chronic conditions fret over GOP health bill PolyMet cleanup fund millions short, state says Minority-owned businesses get help pitching Super Bowl Berrios' master plan vs. Cleveland: 'Attack the hitters' Looking for lowest airfares? Here are some strategies from our travel expert Anderson: Return to border hot spot for fishing opener is a success Melissa McCarthy adds spice (and Spicer) as host of 'SNL' Jon Tevlin: Fraud at Minneapolis agency hurt 'the poorest of the poor' next Business 422052263 Business travel company Carlson Wagonlit Travel focuses on digital It is using digital channels to improve the experience for business-trip clients.  By Nicole Norfleet Star Tribune May 13, 2017 — 12:12pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Kurt Ekert wants to make traveling for work as enjoyable as traveling for pleasure. In Ekert’s first year as head of Carlson Wagonlit Travel, the company has invested heavily in improving the user experience of the typical business client who even on a work trip values convenience and personalization. “They want to see all the same rates. They want to see all the same descriptions,” said Ekert, president and chief executive of CWT, in an interview. “They want to have all those benefits, but we have to do that within the programs of the corporations to still have safety and security, still apply the policy of the company.” Getting it right is important for CWT, the only remaining piece of the Twin Cities-based Carlson Cos. empire, which until recent years also included Radisson hotels and TGI Fridays restaurants, among other hospitality-related brands. For a long time, the knock on traditional travel management companies, or TMCs, was that they concentrated on keeping corporations happy without spending as much time on the experience of the employees who actually take the trips. But TMCs are slowly changing with the times and working to change that reputation. Leisure companies like Expedia have always been much more innovative when it came to improving their users’ experience, said Douglas Quinby, an analyst for travel market research firm Phocuswright. “It’s really the mandate now for TMCs that they have to make the booking experience as traveler-friendly as possible,” Quimby said. Globally, business travel spending topped $1.2 trillion in 2015, according to the Global Business Travel Association. More than 60 percent of U.S. managed corporate travel is predicted to be booked online this year, according to Phocuswright research. CWT, one of the world’s top corporate travel managers, has invested a lot over the past year in its digital capabilities as it tries to become “the leading digital travel management company in the world,” Ekert said. Last fall, the company introduced a digital strategy that it calls “CWT 3.0” to address a shift to a more consumer-oriented, multichannel experience. A big part of CWT 3.0 is better use of data to make real-time decisions. A message popping up on a traveler’s phone after a flight could say that co-workers are staying at a certain hotel for a conference and give the traveler the option to stay at the same hotel. CWT already has some messaging capabilities built into its mobile app that bring up reminders during an individual’s trip, but the company has begun to also explore connecting co-workers’ itineraries when they are traveling as a group. The “CWT To Go” mobile app saw an increase in users of almost 40 percent last year compared with the year before. With so much of business travel being made up of repeated trips that are booked through a travel management portal, there is a vast amount of data that can be mined, including preferences for hotels and rental cars. “Personalization is the absolute keyword,” Ekert said. As part of the new digital strategy, CWT has also broadened its hotel offerings. It recently integrated Booking.com selections into its portal to expand its hotel options. Last year, the company also piloted an initiative to include Airbnb selections. To support the more digital initiatives, CWT has hired more people with backgrounds in e-commerce and technology. It also partnered with Plug and Play Tech Center, a venture capital firm in Silicon Valley, to connect with start-ups that are developing technology that could be used in travel. The company hired its first chief marketing officer last month and recently launched its first brand makeover since 1994, with the new tagline “Make the world work for you.” CWT’s sales have dipped in recent years, from $27.3 billion in 2014 to $23 billion last year. Ekert says the downtick in the energy industry, which led to less travel by people in that sector, was a major reason for the slump. Another reason was the devaluation of the euro. “I think we are getting back onto a growth path now,” Ekert said. The company’s meeting and events business continues to grow, with planned events and meetings up 27 percent last year from a year earlier. To try to stimulate growth, Ekert said the company is looking to grow into other international markets such as China. Ekert said he was originally attracted to CWT because of the support of the Carlson family. In 2014, Carlson Cos. sold its TGI Friday’s restaurants to buy out JPMorgan’s share of Carlson Wagonlit. Last year, around the time Ekert was hired, Carlson announced its sale of its hotel division to Chinese conglomerate HNA. “I think we are very fortunate to be owned by the Carlson family. … I think they are very focused on the business,” said Ekert, adding that Carlson Cos. wants to make adjacent investments in the business. In a statement, Carlson Board Chairwoman Diana Nelson called Ekert “a smart, strategic leader.” “The Carlson board believes the strategy he and his team have launched will be transformative — creating value for the business and enhancing the CWT customer experience,” she said. nicole.norfleet@startribune.com 612-673-4495 nicolenorfleet View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Frustrations boil over for Trump after Comey dismissal Berrios' master plan vs. Cleveland: 'Attack the hitters' St. Olaf: Racist note that spurred student protests was 'fabricated' Twin Cities actor blows the whistle on 'unsafe' theater production More From Business Variety 14 minutes ago An alert researcher, teamwork helped stem huge cyberattack The cyberattack that spread malicious software around the world, shutting down networks at hospitals, banks and government agencies, was thwarted by a young British researcher and an inexpensive domain registration, with help from another 20-something security engineer in the U.S. Variety May 13 Armed inmate killed, hostage rescued at Illinois hospital Officers fatally shot an armed jail inmate who took two nurses hostage at a hospital in northern Illinois on Saturday, several hours after the inmate stole a gun from the correction's officer guarding him, authorities said. Local May 13 Equity-strapped sellers keep starter homes in short supply More than 20 percent of metro homeowners who have a mortgage wouldn't clear enough money in a sale to cover real estate commissions and other selling costs and to make a down payment on another home, according to a Star Tribune analysis. Business May 13 Man shot in downtown Minneapolis Saturday night A man was shot in the leg in downtown Minneapolis on Saturday night near 6th Street and Hennepin Avenue. The shooting occurred near Lyon's Pub… National May 13 Experts: Conditions behind cyberattack may be hard to mimic The cyberextortion attack hitting dozens of countries spread quickly and widely thanks to an unusual confluence of factors: a known and highly dangerous security hole in Microsoft Windows, tardy users who didn't apply Microsoft's March software fix, and a software design that allowed the malware to spread quickly once inside university, business and government networks. Top Stories Equity-strapped sellers keep starter homes in short supply May. 13 Frustrations boil over for Trump after Comey dismissal May. 13 Twin Cities face twin debates on police, housing and growth May. 13 Most Read Man shot in downtown Minneapolis Saturday night • Business Ex-Amazon exec working to transform Target from elephant to gazelle • Business Tight supply continues to hamper Twin Cities home sales • Business Dakota Access pipeline leaked 84 gallons of oil in April • Business Minnesota's international chess star reaches bigger audience with online venture • Business World An alert researcher, cooperation helped stem cyberattack N. Korea test-fires missile, challenging new leader in South Nation Video shows boy, 8, attacked at Ohio school 2 days before killing self Trump to Liberty U grads: Relish being an 'outsider' Politics PolyMet cleanup fund millions short, state says As legislative endgame nears, who has the upper hand? markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Berrios' master plan vs. Cleveland: 'Attack the hitters' After three consecutive saves, Kintzler eager to go again for Twins Vikings Hartman: Robison keeps belief in Vikings going into 11th season Samantha Ponder: She and Christian were 'easy targets' in Minnesota MN United United's loss to MLS-best Toronto FC a 'learning process' Nikolic, Fire beat Sounders 4-1 to snap winless streak Celebrities Melissa McCarthy adds spice (and Spicer) as host of 'SNL' Fleming sings what may be staged standard repertoire finale Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Minority-owned businesses get help pitching Super Bowl poll Poll: What do moms really want for Mother's Day? 10,000 Takes Millennial thanks the 'unofficial mothers' she met in Minnesota Why men like me should talk openly about depression Featured Gallery Preppers: Prepared for the worst, not necessarily paranoid 12 photos Concerns about everything from natural disasters to attacks has some Minnesota ... Featured Video 'Big KAT' Karl-Anthony Towns and Kit Kat team up for ad 01:04 Minnesota Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns got to show off his acting ... Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Thousands Flee Chicago For Safer Areas Of The Country As America’s Third Largest City Becomes A Gang-Infested Wasteland EPA allows mine company to pursue permits near Alaska bay → Donald Trump Backslides on Campaign Promise To Curb Legal Immigration Posted on May 12, 2017 by # 1 NWO Hatr Breitbart – by Neil Munro President Donald Trump has slid back from his campaign promises to curb the annual legal immigration of roughly 1 million foreigners. In an interview with pro-globalist Economist magazine, Trump was asked: “Do you want to curb legal immigration?” Trump responded by saying he prefers merit-based immigration of skilled people. The interviewer pressed him again on the scale of legal immigration, asking “[are you] not looking to reduce the numbers?”   “No, no, no, no, we want people coming in legally. No, very strongly,” Trump replied, as two of his economic advisors sat beside him — top economic staffer Gary Cohn, and Steve Mnuchin, the Secretary of the Treasury. Trump also backed proposals to keep importing temporary contract workers for the agricultural sector, even though the cheap labor will retard farmers’ emerging interest in buying new machinery, such as robot apple-pickers and robot cow-milkers. Trump told the Economist: We also want farm workers to be able to come in. You know, we’re going to have work visas for the farm workers. If you look, you know we have a lot of people coming through the border, they’re great people and they work on the farms and then they go back home. We like those people a lot and we want them to continue to come in. Immigration reform advocates are not surprised at Trump’s back-sliding, but they are confident that Trump’s dependence on his blue-collar base in the 2020 election is pressuring him to stick with his campaign promises, amid constant elite pressure for more legal immigration. “The president was unambiguous in his [2016] campaign … one of the things he said was that he would support reductions in immigration,” said Ira Mehlman, communications director at the Federation for American Immigration Reform. “If he is backing off, we will fight to remind him that he did make this commitment during the campaign and we intended to hold him to it,” he told Breitbart. “Anyone following Trump’s primary campaign could have predicted this – he repeatedly justified guestworker visas of various kinds and stressed the ‘big beautiful door’ that would be built into his wall,” wrote Mark Krikorian, the director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “Both the anti-borders crowd and some starry-eyed immigration hawks mistook Trump’s commitment to enforcement (which seems genuine) to mean he was also skeptical of the overall level of immigration,” he said, adding that the next generation of populist GOP leaders — such as Sen. Tom Cotton — understands the many harms caused by mass immigration. In August 2015, Trump issued his very popular immigration plan to raise wages by reducing legal and illegal immigration: The influx of foreign workers holds down salaries, keeps unemployment high, and makes it difficult for poor and working class Americans – including immigrants themselves and their children – to earn a middle class wage … Every year, we voluntarily admit another [1] million new immigrants, [plus 1 million] guest workers, refugees, and dependents, growing our existing all-time historic record population of 42 million immigrants. We need to control the admission of new low-earning workers in order to: help wages grow, get teenagers back to work, aid minorities’ rise into the middle class, help schools and communities falling behind, and to ensure our immigrant members of the national family become part of the American dream. Requirement to hire American workers first. Too many [contract worker] visas, like the H-1B, have no such requirement. In the year 2015, with 92 million Americans outside the workforce and incomes collapsing, we need companies to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed. Petitions for workers should be mailed to the unemployment office, not USCIS…. Immigration moderation. Before any new green cards are issued to foreign workers abroad, there will be a pause where employers will have to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed immigrant and native workers. This will help reverse women’s plummeting workplace participation rate, grow wages, and allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages. Trump repeated those commitments in many subsequent speeches. For example, in March 2016, Trump called for a two-year pause in legal immigration, saying “I think for a period of a year to two years we have to look back and we have to see, just to answer the second part of your question, where we are, where we stand, what’s going on …  I’d say a minimum of one year, maybe two years.” In his January 2017 inauguration speech, he described the theme of his administration as “Buy American, Hire American.” Some polls show that promise is extremely popular. For example, a November 2016 poll by Ipsos showed that only 12 percent of respondents strongly opposed plans to “change the legal immigration system to limit legal immigration.” Four times as many, or 57 percent, back reductions in legal immigration, while 13 percent did not take a position. To a large extent, Trump has followed through on those promises. He has revived enforcement of immigration law, slashed the inflow of illegal immigrants, and he is pushing a popular merit-based reform that would likely reduce the inflow of unskilled legal immigrants. Trump’s merit-based reform is also backed by some GOP legislators who want to increase Americans’ productivity, not just the number of American consumers. But Trump is under constant pressure from business leaders — including some of his advisors — who have a huge incentive to boost legal immigration, no matter the cost to ordinary Americans. In strictly economic terms, legal immigration is far more important than over-the-border illegal immigration, because it is far larger and has far greater impact on employees, companies, and investors, wages, housing prices, profits and stock prices. In fact, multiple economists — including economists at Goldman Sachs — say government should try to boost the size of the economy by importing more consumers and workers. Federal immigration policy adds roughly 1 million legal people, workers, consumers and renters per year to the economy. This annual inflow is further expanded by the immigrants’ children, which now combine to create a population of roughly 63 million consumers and workers –not counting roughly 21 million illegals and their U.S. children. That means roughly one-quarter of the nation’s consumers have been imported into the 330 million-strong economy via legal or illegal immigration. This legal inflow includes some very skilled workers and some people who become very successful entrepreneurs, but it also dumps a lot of unskilled workers into the country just as a new generation of technology is expected to eliminate many types of jobs. It also annually shifts $500 billion from employees to employers and Wall Street, and it forces state and local government to provide $60 billion in taxes to businesses via routine aid for immigrants, and it pushes millions of marginal U.S. workers out of the labor force and into poverty, crime and opioid addiction. High immigration also reduces employers’ need to recruit disengaged Americans, to build new facilities in high-unemployment areas, or to buy productivity-boosting machinery or to demand that local schools rebuild high school vocational training departments for the millions of youth who don’t gain much from four-year colleges. The resulting poverty and civic conflicts increase ballot-box support for Democrats, ensuring that more states — especially high-immigration California — are dominated by the Democratic Party’s big-government policies. Under Obama, the annual inflow of legal immigrants was roughly twice the inflow of illegals. Roughly 550,000 illegals arrived in 2016, but fewer are expected in 2017, according to the Center for Immigration Studies. Whenever the inflow of extra immigrant customers is threatened by public opposition, business groups say their companies and investors will be damaged. For example, in July 2016, a Wall Street firm tried to help Hillary Clinton by declaring that Trump’s opposition to illegal immigration would hurt companies and investors by forcing them to pay higher wages, and by reducing the cost of housing. “As the immigrants leave, the already tight labor market will get tighter, pushing up labor costs as employers struggle to fill the open job positions,” the report declared. “Mr. Trump’s immigration policies will thus result in … potentially severe labor shortages, and higher labor costs,” the critical report promised. The formal unemployment rate would immediately drop by a third, from 5 percent in 2016 to 3.5 percent in 2017, the report predicts. Housing prices would drop by almost 4 percent in 2018 and 2019, says the Moody’s report, which did not admit that higher wages and lower housing prices are popular throughout America. “Reduced immigration would result in slower labor force growth and therefore slower growth in potential GDP,” or annual economic activity, according to a 2017 report by Goldman Sachs. Similarly, Jamie Dimon, the chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, recently called for an amnesty for illegals and a potentially huge increase in white-collar immigration to help stimulate the economy. “I hope eventually we have proper immigration. Good people who have paid their taxes and haven’t broken the law, get them into citizenship at the back of the line … [and] if people get educated here, and they’re foreign nationals, get them a green card,” he said. In the same interview, Dimon portrayed himself as concerned about the economic condition of ordinary Americans, saying: Middle-class wages haven’t gone up. One is, lower-class wages haven’t gone up enough to create a living wage. One is, people losing jobs, more to automation than anything else. … There’s some more terrible numbers — men, age 25 to 55, the labor-force participation rate is down 10%. That’s unbelievable. There are 35,000 dying of opioids every year. Seventy percent of kids age 17 to 24 can’t get into the US military because of health or education. Obesity, diabetes, reading and writing. Is that the society we wanted? No. We should be working on these things, acknowledge the flaws we have, and come up with solutions. Not Democrat. Not Republican. Not knee-jerk. But the 2016 election showed that Trump and centrist Americans recognize that higher immigration means reduced wages, more unemployment, more drug addition, higher housing prices and longer commutes. That is how Trump won the 2016 election in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, and why his on-again, off-again, pro-American immigration policy is at the core of his impending 2020 race. Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2017/05/12/trump-backslides-legal-immigration-curbs/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 821 ← Thousands Flee Chicago For Safer Areas Of The Country As America’s Third Largest City Becomes A Gang-Infested Wasteland EPA allows mine company to pursue permits near Alaska bay → 6 Responses to Donald Trump Backslides on Campaign Promise To Curb Legal Immigration Jim says: May 12, 2017 at 6:30 pm Breaking News – Donald Trump back slides on all election promises and moves USA capital to Tel Aviv – Film at 11 – Reply Paul says: May 12, 2017 at 6:47 pm SOSDD. 😯 Reply mary in ND says: May 12, 2017 at 7:48 pm some of the farmers here use hired hands from south africa Reply Misty says: May 12, 2017 at 8:36 pm Say it ain’t so……… Reply flee says: May 13, 2017 at 10:45 am Another h1b1 AI programming title error. “Immigration Backslides on legal Campaign Promise to Curb Donald Trump.” Reply R2D2 says: May 13, 2017 at 11:42 pm TISA Exposed, Worst than TPP, TTIP, Together Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 1 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments R2D2 on Donald Trump Backslides on Campaign Promise To Curb Legal Immigration flee on Appeals court says Hands On Originals did not discriminate against gays Enemy of the State on Woman intimidated after she asks about Confederate flag rug at Portland store flee on Two Simple Kitchen Cancer Treatments Used Successfully to Beat Cancer flee on Nearly 1,000 sick with norovirus at 32 schools in northern California’s Yolo County flee on Banned driver back, but NASCAR says no to marijuana-like sponsor flee on North Korea fires missile: South Korea military Koorz on Two Simple Kitchen Cancer Treatments Used Successfully to Beat Cancer joe from the carolinas on Massive ransomware attack hits 74 countries Koorz on Two Simple Kitchen Cancer Treatments Used Successfully to Beat Cancer RT Hawk on Banned driver back, but NASCAR says no to marijuana-like sponsor NC on Woman intimidated after she asks about Confederate flag rug at Portland store Paul on Appeals court says Hands On Originals did not discriminate against gays Paul on Two Simple Kitchen Cancer Treatments Used Successfully to Beat Cancer Paul on Two Simple Kitchen Cancer Treatments Used Successfully to Beat Cancer Paul on Woman intimidated after she asks about Confederate flag rug at Portland store koyote( mlk was a proud commie ) on Woman intimidated after she asks about Confederate flag rug at Portland store Koorz on Two Simple Kitchen Cancer Treatments Used Successfully to Beat Cancer Philadelphian on Woman intimidated after she asks about Confederate flag rug at Portland store ye 'ol stew bum on Banned driver back, but NASCAR says no to marijuana-like sponsor Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How Analysts View Snap After Earnings By Chris Lange May 13, 2017 9:10 am EDT Print Email Tweet Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) saw its shares absolutely crumble following its first-quarter earnings report late on Wednesday. Although the shares recovered slightly on Friday, the stock still ended the week down 17.5%. Practically the entire drop was due to earnings, but analysts nearly across the board cut their targets, taking a little more air out of the stock in the longer term. Here, 24/7 has included some of the highlights from the earnings report, along with what a few analysts are saying to look for ahead. Snap posted a net loss of $2.31 per share and $149.6 million in revenue. The consensus estimates from Thomson Reuters had forecast a net loss of $0.19 per share and revenue of $157.98 million. The same period of last year reportedly had a net loss of $0.14 per share and $38.80 million in revenue. In the first quarter, daily active users (DAU) grew to 166 million from 122 million last year, an increase of 36%. DAUs increased 5% quarter over quarter, from 158 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Average revenue per user (ARPU) totaled $0.90 in this quarter, an increase of 181% year over year, while ARPU decreased 14% quarter over quarter. At the same time, hosting costs per DAU were $0.60, compared with $0.52 in the first quarter of 2016 and $0.72 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Jefferies maintained a Buy rating and kept its high $30 price target in place. The Jefferies report said: Snap reported its first quarter as a public company showing both DAU & ARPU growth Y/Y. Engagement continues to increase on the platform with users on average spending 30+minutes/day. Expected seasonality in revenue led to a Q/Q decline in ARPU, but we expect Snap to buck that trend as it has opportunities to increase ad load as well as offer advertisers better targeting capability. Maintain Buy & $30 price target. Merrill Lynch maintained a Neutral rating and lowered its price objective to $23 from $25. While the firm noted revenue and earnings under street expectations and while it lowered its expectations ahead, it does think that longer-term investors will like growing engagement. The firm said: We are encouraged by early signs of a rebound in Android user growth and growing user time spent, and we think Snap will effectively monetize its user base over the long-run. However, deceleration of user growth, competitive concerns, volatility due to absence of Street expectations management, and lock-up expiration are overhangs that are likely to continue. We reiterate our Neutral rating and lower our PO to $23 based on slightly lower user monetization estimates in our DCF. A few other analysts weighed in as well: Barclays cut its price target to $18 from $24. Cantor Fitzgerald upgraded it to Neutral from Underweight but the price target was cut to $17 from $18. Citigroup kept a Buy rating but lowered its target from $27 to $24. Cowen still has an Outperform rating but cut its price target to $21 from $26. Deutsche Bank lowered its price target to $23 from $30. JPMorgan maintained a Neutral rating and the price target was cut to $20 from $24. Oppenheimer raised it to Outperform from Perform with a $23 price target. Stifel cut its price target from $24 to $22. UBS cut the price target to $19 from $24. Shares of Snap closed Friday up 6% at $19.14, with a consensus analyst price target of $21.70 and a 52-week trading range of $17.59 to $29.44. Over the course of the week, the stock was actually down 17.5%. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Boeing Resumes Test Flights on 737 MAX Jets Verizon Can’t Shake Position as DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 » Read more: Media, Analyst Downgrades, Earnings, social media Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Where Crime Is Soaring 9 Countries That Control the World's Nuclear Weapons 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Counties That Voted Most Heavily for Trump in Every State Recent Best Performing DJIA Stock of 2017: Apple, by a Mile 10 US Cities Where Real Estate Prices Have Come Back the Most What Analysts Are Saying About Disney After Earnings Verizon Can’t Shake Position as DJIA’s Worst Performing Stock for 2017 Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Answered! Is It Dangerous to Carry Too Many Credit Cards? Is This Synaptics’ Next Big Opportunity? Will Microsoft Make a Big Comeback in the Console War? Trump: 'In America we don't worship government; we worship God' Liberty Univ. founded in 1971 by Jerry Falwell Trump delivering commencement address at Liberty University in Virginia The S&P Will Double Within the Next 5 Years Snap Shares Climb 6% as Analyst Sentiment Remains Strong New Zealand Keeps Rate Unchanged: ETFs in Focus Greek train derails, crashes into house; 2 dead, 7 injured China's Xi says Silk Road plan boosts finance, security ties China's leader offers billions for new Silk Road initiative Designer Carolina Herrera's Nephew Killed In Kidnapping It Isn't Easy Being A 'Humane' Slaughterhouse Amazon's New Seattle Campus Will Include A Homeless Shelter Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS Donald Trump Backslides on Campaign Promise To Curb Legal Immigration AP Photo/Evan Vucci by Neil Munro12 May 20170 12 May, 2017 12 May, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER President Donald Trump has slid back from his campaign promises to curb the annual legal immigration of roughly 1 million foreigners.  In an interview with pro-globalist Economist magazine, Trump was asked: “Do you want to curb legal immigration?” Trump responded by saying he prefers merit-based immigration of skilled people. The interviewer pressed him again on the scale of legal immigration, asking “[are you] not looking to reduce the numbers?” “No, no, no, no, we want people coming in legally. No, very strongly,” Trump replied, as two of his economic advisors sat beside him — top economic staffer Gary Cohn, and Steve Mnuchin, the Secretary of the Treasury.  Trump also backed proposals to keep importing temporary contract workers for the agricultural sector, even though the cheap labor will retard farmers’ emerging interest in buying new machinery, such as robot apple-pickers and robot cow-milkers. Trump told the Economist: We also want farm workers to be able to come in. You know, we’re going to have work visas for the farm workers. If you look, you know we have a lot of people coming through the border, they’re great people and they work on the farms and then they go back home. We like those people a lot and we want them to continue to come in. Immigration reform advocates are not surprised at Trump’s back-sliding, but they are confident that Trump’s dependence on his blue-collar base in the 2020 election is pressuring him to stick with his campaign promises, amid constant elite pressure for more legal immigration. “The president was unambiguous in his [2016] campaign … one of the things he said was that he would support reductions in immigration,” said Ira Mehlman, communications director at the Federation for American Immigration Reform. “If he is backing off, we will fight to remind him that he did make this commitment during the campaign and we intended to hold him to it,” he told Breitbart. “Anyone following Trump’s primary campaign could have predicted this – he repeatedly justified guestworker visas of various kinds and stressed the ‘big beautiful door’ that would be built into his wall,” wrote Mark Krikorian, the director of the Center for Immigration Studies. “Both the anti-borders crowd and some starry-eyed immigration hawks mistook Trump’s commitment to enforcement (which seems genuine) to mean he was also skeptical of the overall level of immigration,” he said, adding that the next generation of populist GOP leaders — such as Sen. Tom Cotton — understands the many harms caused by mass immigration. But Trump’s backsliding isn’t a done deal. Former President Barack Obama also backed off many of his promises, even while he was urging his supporters to publiccly protest his actions and to push back the lobbies that were blocking his agenda. Obama also adopted a gradualist stop-and-go political strategy which helped the GOP establishment ignore his gradual progress towards his big-government goals, and he achieved many goals for his supporters via little-noticed court decisions and agency regulations by allied appointees. With constant pressure by Trump’s supporters, Trump will be more willing and better able to ignore or overcome establishment opposition and gradually get his agenda implemented stage-by-stage.  In August 2015, Trump issued his very popular immigration plan to raise wages by reducing legal and illegal immigration: The influx of foreign workers holds down salaries, keeps unemployment high, and makes it difficult for poor and working class Americans – including immigrants themselves and their children – to earn a middle class wage … Every year, we voluntarily admit another [1] million new immigrants, [plus 1 million] guest workers, refugees, and dependents, growing our existing all-time historic record population of 42 million immigrants. We need to control the admission of new low-earning workers in order to: help wages grow, get teenagers back to work, aid minorities’ rise into the middle class, help schools and communities falling behind, and to ensure our immigrant members of the national family become part of the American dream. Requirement to hire American workers first. Too many [contract worker] visas, like the H-1B, have no such requirement. In the year 2015, with 92 million Americans outside the workforce and incomes collapsing, we need companies to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed. Petitions for workers should be mailed to the unemployment office, not USCIS…. Immigration moderation. Before any new green cards are issued to foreign workers abroad, there will be a pause where employers will have to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed immigrant and native workers. This will help reverse women’s plummeting workplace participation rate, grow wages, and allow record immigration levels to subside to more moderate historical averages. Trump repeated those commitments in many subsequent speeches. For example, in March 2016, Trump called for a two-year pause in legal immigration, saying “I think for a period of a year to two years we have to look back and we have to see, just to answer the second part of your question, where we are, where we stand, what’s going on …  I’d say a minimum of one year, maybe two years.” In his January 2017 inauguration speech, he described the theme of his administration as “Buy American, Hire American.” Some polls show that promise is extremely popular. For example, a November 2016 poll by Ipsos showed that only 12 percent of respondents strongly opposed plans to “change the legal immigration system to limit legal immigration.” Four times as many, or 57 percent, back reductions in legal immigration, while 13 percent did not take a position. To a large extent, Trump has followed through on those promises. He has revived enforcement of immigration law, slashed the inflow of illegal immigrants, and he is pushing a popular merit-based reform that would likely reduce the inflow of unskilled legal immigrants. Trump’s merit-based reform is also backed by some GOP legislators who want to increase Americans’ productivity, not just the number of American consumers.  But Trump is under constant pressure from business leaders — including some of his advisors — who have a huge incentive to boost legal immigration, no matter the cost to ordinary Americans.  In strictly economic terms, legal immigration is far more important than over-the-border illegal immigration, because it is far larger and has far greater impact on employees, companies, and investors, wages, housing prices, profits and stock prices. In fact, multiple economists — including economists at Goldman Sachs — say government should try to boost the size of the economy by importing more consumers and workers. Federal immigration policy adds roughly 1 million legal people, workers, consumers and renters per year to the economy. This annual inflow is further expanded by the immigrants’ children, which now combine to create a population of roughly 63 million consumers and workers –not counting roughly 21 million illegals and their U.S. children. That means roughly one-quarter of the nation’s consumers have been imported into the 330 million-strong economy via legal or illegal immigration. This legal inflow includes some very skilled workers and some people who become very successful entrepreneurs, but it also dumps a lot of unskilled workers into the country just as a new generation of technology is expected to eliminate many types of jobs. It also annually shifts $500 billion from employees to employers and Wall Street, and it forces state and local government to provide $60 billion in taxes to businesses via routine aid for immigrants, and it pushes millions of marginal U.S. workers out of the labor force and into poverty, crime and opioid addiction. High immigration also reduces employers’ need to recruit disengaged Americans, to build new facilities in high-unemployment areas, or to buy productivity-boosting machinery or to demand that local schools rebuild high school vocational training departments for the millions of youth who don’t gain much from four-year colleges. The resulting poverty and civic conflicts increase ballot-box support for Democrats, ensuring that more states — especially high-immigration California — are dominated by the Democratic Party’s big-government policies. Under Obama, the annual inflow of legal immigrants was roughly twice the inflow of illegals. Roughly 550,000 illegals arrived in 2016, but fewer are expected in 2017, according to the Center for Immigration Studies. Whenever the inflow of extra immigrant customers is threatened by public opposition, business groups say their companies and investors will be damaged. For example, in July 2016, a Wall Street firm tried to help Hillary Clinton by declaring that Trump’s opposition to illegal immigration would hurt companies and investors by forcing them to pay higher wages, and by reducing the cost of housing. “As the immigrants leave, the already tight labor market will get tighter, pushing up labor costs as employers struggle to fill the open job positions,” the report declared. “Mr. Trump’s immigration policies will thus result in … potentially severe labor shortages, and higher labor costs,” the critical report promised. The formal unemployment rate would immediately drop by a third, from 5 percent in 2016 to 3.5 percent in 2017, the report predicts. Housing prices would drop by almost 4 percent in 2018 and 2019, says the Moody’s report, which did not admit that higher wages and lower housing prices are popular throughout America.   “Reduced immigration would result in slower labor force growth and therefore slower growth in potential GDP,” or annual economic activity, according to a 2017 report by Goldman Sachs. Similarly, Jamie Dimon, the chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, recently called for an amnesty for illegals and a potentially huge increase in white-collar immigration to help stimulate the economy. “I hope eventually we have proper immigration. Good people who have paid their taxes and haven’t broken the law, get them into citizenship at the back of the line … [and] if people get educated here, and they’re foreign nationals, get them a green card,” he said.  In the same interview, Dimon portrayed himself as concerned about the economic condition of ordinary Americans, saying: Middle-class wages haven’t gone up. One is, lower-class wages haven’t gone up enough to create a living wage. One is, people losing jobs, more to automation than anything else. … There’s some more terrible numbers — men, age 25 to 55, the labor-force participation rate is down 10%. That’s unbelievable. There are 35,000 dying of opioids every year. Seventy percent of kids age 17 to 24 can’t get into the US military because of health or education. Obesity, diabetes, reading and writing. Is that the society we wanted? No. We should be working on these things, acknowledge the flaws we have, and come up with solutions. Not Democrat. Not Republican. Not knee-jerk. But the 2016 election showed that Trump and centrist Americans recognize that higher immigration means reduced wages, more unemployment, more drug addition, higher housing prices and longer commutes. That is how Trump won the 2016 election in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania, and why his on-again, off-again, pro-American immigration policy is at the core of his impending 2020 race.  Follow Neil Munro on Twitter @NeilMunroDC or email the author at NMunro@Breitbart.com       Read More Stories About: Big Government, Immigration, Donald Trump, immigration, legal immigration Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR Rand Paul: Another Senator Was Surveilled by the Obama Administration0 comments - 6 hours ago President Donald Trump’s First Commencement Speech: ‘In America We Don’t Worship Government, We Worship God’0 comments - 15 hours ago Calls for Special Prosecutor Driven by Politics, Not Law0 comments - 9 hours ago Michelle Obama Rips ‘Partisan’ Critics of Her ‘Let’s Move’ Campaign0 comments - 1 day ago Donald Trump Backslides on Campaign Promise To Curb Legal Immigration0 comments - 1 day ago Tillerson Signs Docs with Climate Change Statement, Insisting U.S. ‘Still Reviewing’ Policy0 comments - 1 day ago Elizabeth Warren: ‘We Need a Justice Department Not an Obstruction of Justice Department’0 comments - 14 hours ago The Nuclear Option: Comeygate Latest Fake News Hysteria for Trump/Russia Conspiracists0 comments - 1 day ago NBC’s Lester Holt Interrupts Trump 9 Times in Less than 3 Minutes0 comments - 2 days ago Trump: Confidence In Economy ‘Has Reached Levels Not Seen In Many, Many Years’0 comments - 17 hours ago Salty for a Reason Christopher Essex Doctors for Responsible Gun Ownership FROM THE HOMEPAGE Rand Paul: Another Senator Was Surveilled by the Obama Administration0 Comments Calls for Special Prosecutor Driven by Politics, Not Law0 Comments Dem Rep Jeffries: ‘We’re in the Midst of a Constitutional Crisis,’ Comey Firing an ‘Urgent Threat to Democracy’0 Comments Joy Reid: Jeff Sessions Might be ‘Trolling’ People of Color0 Comments Sports Writers: Colin Kaepernick Getting Blackballed by the NFL0 Comments Watch: The Resistance Creates Anti-Trump Aerobics: ‘5-6-7-8, F*ck Mar-a-Lago’0 Comments NYT Publisher Sends Personal Message to Subscribers Who Canceled Over Bret Stephens Column0 Comments Course and Conditions Wreak Havoc at Up-for-Grabs Players Championship0 Comments Trump: Confidence In Economy ‘Has Reached Levels Not Seen In Many, Many Years’0 Comments Buchanan: ‘I Don’t Believe’ Trump Has a Recording Device — But ‘He Ought to Have One’0 Comments Leftists Disrupt GOP Lawmaker’s Town Hall Over Health Care Bill — ‘People Will Die’0 Comments Jordan Blames Israel for ‘Ugly Crime’ of Killing Terrorist in Midst of Stabbing0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip advertisement Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart X
                                  Sunday, May 14, 2017   search SGN SERVING SEATTLE AND THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST FOR 43 YEARS! http://sgn.org/rss.xml Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com Last Weeks Edition                           Weather Forecast         to Section One | to Arts & Entertainment posted Friday, May 12, 2017 - Volume 45 Issue 19 Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support Section One ALL STORIES   next story Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support 240 members of Congress and more than 90 corporations back bipartisan legislation adding protections for LGBTQ people to federal civil rights laws Equality Act introduced as nearly two-thirds of LGBTQ Americans report experiencing discrimination WASHINGTON, D.C. - Today, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the nation's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) civil rights organization, joined with bipartisan lawmakers and an unprecedented number of businesses to announce the re-introduction of the Equality Act - federal legislation that would finally guarantee explicit, permanent protections for LGBTQ people under our nation's existing civil rights laws. The bipartisan legislation would provide clear and equal protections under federal law for all Americans in vital areas of life, like employment, access to public spaces, housing, credit, education, jury service, and federally-funded programs. Today, in a majority of U.S. states (31), LGBTQ people remain at risk of being fired, evicted or denied services because of who they are. 'No person's fundamental rights should be determined by which side of a state line they live on,' said HRC President Chad Griffin. 'The Equality Act will once and for all end the unacceptable patchwork of non-discrimination laws across this country that leaves LGBTQ people at risk. Every American should have a fair chance to earn a living, provide for their families, and live their lives without fear of discrimination. And at its core, that's what the Equality Act is all about.' Discrimination is a real and persistent problem for far too many LGBTQ Americans. HRC polling has found that nearly two-thirds of self-identified LGBTQ Americans report experiencing discrimination - including people like Carter Brown, a transgender man from Texas who lost his job after he was outed by his colleagues. Currently, 50 percent of LGBTQ Americans like Mr. Brown live in states where they are at risk of being fired, denied housing, or refused service because of who they are. There is no federal law explicitly protecting LGBTQ people from discrimination, and 31 states still lack fully-inclusive non-discrimination protections for LGBTQ people. Today's announcement included unprecedented support from the business community: 92 major corporations have now joined HRC's Business Coalition for the Equality Act. While the overwhelming majority of America's leading businesses have already started addressing workplace fairness for LGBTQ employees, these major employers know how important the need is for a federal standard that treats all employees the same no matter which state they live in. The slate of companies endorsing the Equality Act have combined operations in all 50 states, headquarters spanning 23 states, and collectively generate $2.6 trillion in revenue. In total, these companies employ more than 5.8 million people across the United States. The overwhelming majority of Americans support full federal equality for LGBTQ people. Polling released last year by the nonpartisan Public Religion Research Institute (PRRI) found that support for a bill like the Equality Act topped 70 percent nationally, including a majority of Democrats, Republicans and Independents. PRRI's groundbreaking survey included 42,000 interviews in 50 states and found majority support for the Equality Act in all 50 states. The Equality Act is co-sponsored by 240 members of Congress. It was first introduced in 2015 by Representative David Cicilline (D-RI) and by Senators Jeff Merkley (D-OR), Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) and Cory Booker (D-NJ). Major corporations in the HRC Business Coalition for the Equality Act include Abercrombie & Fitch Co.; Accenture; Adobe Systems Inc.; Advanced Micro Devices Inc.; Airbnb Inc.; Alcoa Inc.; Amazon.com Inc.; American Airlines; American Eagle Outfitters; American Express Global Business Travel; Apple Inc.; Arconic; Automatic Data Processing Inc.; Bank of America; Best Buy Co., Inc.; Biogen; Boehringer Ingelheim USA Corp.; Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.; Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc.; Brown-Forman Corp.; CA Technologies Inc.; Caesars Entertainment Corp.; Capital One Financial Corp.; Cardinal Health Inc.; Cargill Inc.; Chevron Corp.; Choice Hotels International Inc.; Cisco Systems Inc.; The Coca-Cola Co.; Corning Inc.; Cox Enterprises; CVS Health Corp.; Darden Restaurants Inc.; Delhaize America Inc.; Diageo North America; The Dow Chemical Co.; Dropbox Inc.; E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Co. (DuPont); eBay; EMC Corp.; Facebook Inc.; Gap Inc.; General Electric Co.; General Mills Inc.; Google Inc.; The Hershey Company; Hewlett Packard Enterprises; Hilton Worldwide Inc.; HP Inc.; HSN Inc.; Hyatt Hotels Corp.; IBM Corp.; Intel Corp.; InterContinental Hotels Group Americas; Johnson & Johnson; JP Morgan Chase & Co.; Kaiser Permanente; Kellogg Co.; Kenneth Cole Productions; Levi Strauss & Co.; Marriott International Inc.; MasterCard Inc.; McGraw Hill Financial; Microsoft Corp.; Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams; Monsanto Co.; Moody's Corp.; Nike Inc.; Northrop Grumman Corp.; Office Depot Inc.; Oracle Corp.; Orbitz Worldwide Inc.; PepsiCo Inc.; Procter & Gamble Co.; Pure Storage Inc.; Qualcomm Inc.; Replacements Ltd.; Salesforce; SAP America Inc.; Sodexo Inc.; Symantec Corp.; T-Mobile USA Inc.; Target Corp.; Tech Data Corp.; TIAA; Twitter Inc.; Uber Technologies Inc.; Unilever; Warby Parker; Wedding Wire Inc.; Williams-Sonoma Inc.; and Xerox Corp. The Human Rights Campaign is America's largest civil rights organization working to achieve equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer people. HRC envisions a world where LGBTQ people are embraced as full members of society at home, at work and in every community. Courtesy of HRC Tell a friend:  Share on Facebook Share on MySpace!     Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon! End of the Ed Murray era ------------------------------ Seattle mayoral race: Ed out, Bob Hasegawa and Jenny Durkan in ------------------------------ Chechnya opens concentration camps and tortures Gay men ------------------------------ Life expectancy near normal for young HIV patients on ART, new study shows ------------------------------ JESSE'S JOURNAL: Equality March: For Unity and Pride ------------------------------ Seattle Pride names 2017 parade announcers ------------------------------ Queeraoke: A Karaoke and Open Mic Night at the Seattle Public Library May 19 ------------------------------ End AIDS Washington launches speaking tour in May to destigmatize Sex Without Condoms ------------------------------ Wife of Pulse gunman loses appeal, will stay in jail ------------------------------ Mothers' Day: celebrate Mom and good union jobs ------------------------------ Christian activist pies Gay Qantas CEO ------------------------------ Trump losing ground with his base, new poll shows ------------------------------ Gay bashing not a hate crime, West Virginia Supreme Court rules ------------------------------ Weekly Pets ------------------------------ ------------------------------ Congressional Democrats reintroduce LGBT Equality Act ------------------------------ Equality Act reintroduced in Congress with unprecedented corporate support ------------------------------ Trump executive order targets reproductive choice, separation of church and state No OK for anti-LGBT discrimination ------------------------------ Alabama's anti-LGBTQ adoption law H.B. 24 signed into law ------------------------------ Weekly Pets ------------------------------ BREAKING NEWS ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------         gay news feeds gay news readers gay rss gay http://sgn.org/rss.xml | what is RSS? | use Google to set up your RSS feed SGN Calendar For Mobile Phones http://sgn.org/rssCalendarMobile.xml SGN Calendar http://sgn.org/rssCalendar.xml Seattle Gay News - SGN 1707 23rd Ave Seattle, WA 98122 Phone 206-324-4297 Fax 206-322-7188 email: sgn2@sgn.org website suggestions: web@sgn.org copyright Seattle Gay News 2017 - DigitalTeamWorks 2017 USA Gay News American News American Gay News USA American Gay News United States American Lesbian News USA American Lesbian News United States USA News Pacific Northwest News in Seattle News in Washington State News
