Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Compass Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Compass Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Concepta PLC’s (CPT) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Beaufort Securities Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Given “Sell” Rating at Shore Capital Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Given “Hold” Rating at Shore Capital Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Rathbone Brothers plc’s (RAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Beazley PLC’s (BEZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Compass Group plc (CPG) Given New GBX 1,670 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Diageo plc (DGE) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Compass Group plc (CPG) Price Target Increased to GBX 1,560 by Analysts at Kepler Capital Markets Sony Corp (SNE) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Christopher Cabrera Sells 14,366 Shares of Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Insider Selling: Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Director Sells $167,216.25 in Stock Corp Bcpi Sells 82,600 Shares of Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Stock Tony Buffin Purchases 109 Shares of Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Stock Zvi Glasman Sells 6,000 Shares of Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Stock Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Share Price Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Compass Group plc (CPG) Given New GBX 1,670 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Compass Group plc (LON:CPG) had its price target upped by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 1,665 ($21.53) to GBX 1,670 ($21.60) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has an overweight rating on the stock. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Kepler Capital Markets upped their target price on Compass Group plc from GBX 1,495 ($19.34) to GBX 1,560 ($20.18) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Thursday. Barclays PLC restated an overweight rating on shares of Compass Group plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. Credit Suisse Group AG lowered their target price on Compass Group plc from GBX 1,740 ($22.50) to GBX 1,715 ($22.18) and set an outperform rating for the company in a report on Monday, April 24th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a hold rating and set a GBX 1,600 ($20.69) target price on shares of Compass Group plc in a report on Thursday. Finally, Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Compass Group plc in a report on Wednesday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 1,536.67 ($19.87). Compass Group plc (LON:CPG) traded up 0.44% on Thursday, hitting GBX 1601.00. The stock had a trading volume of 3,132,491 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 26.30 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,534.00 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 1,458.18. Compass Group plc has a 1-year low of GBX 1,242.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 1,639.33. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/compass-group-plc-cpg-given-new-gbx-1670-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, June 27th will be issued a dividend of GBX 61 ($0.79) per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 27th. This is a positive change from Compass Group plc’s previous dividend of $11.20. About Compass Group plc Compass Group PLC provides food and support services. The Company’s segments include North America, Europe, Rest of World and Central activities. The Europe segment includes Turkey and Russia. The Rest of World segment includes Japan. The Company delivers services in sectors, including business and industry; healthcare and seniors; education; defense, offshore and remote, and sports and leisure. Receive News & Ratings for Compass Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Compass Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Brian McCann fuels an Astros win against Yankees Appeals court rules on Harris Co. bail system Video captures heartbreaking response to deadly fire 18 busted in MoCo child abuse roundup Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Appeals court halts judge's order to change Harris Co. bail Harris Co. asks federal appeals court to stop order altering bail Arnold Schwarzenegger says 'hasta la vista' to Scorpion on Houston flight causes it to return to gate US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Kayaker paddles for his life as alligator chases him down in Class of 2017 commencement speakers Lost at the airport: Leave it behind and someone may buy it Report: $100 million lawsuit alleges Robert Durst's second wife Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Deer Park rallies to oust Kingwood from softball playoffs Dynamo remain unbeaten at home with win over Vancouver Manvel wins 5A state track title John Wall's late 3 leads Wizards past Celtics; Game 7 looms Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Cornyn on Trump's list to head FBI, reports say Celebrate companies that take care of their workers Gardner Denver IPO gives Houston area employees stake in company Texas Children's boosts visibility on West Loop A&E Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Houston native Farrah Moan calls 'Drag Race' elimination 'fair After her Houston vacation Kylie Jenner says she's homesick Pierce The Veil returns to Houston with Sum 41 RuPaul's Drag Race: Roasts, reads and poor Michelle Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content Media stars shine on the runway for Star of Hope Market Force study reveals America's favorite quick-service Unique Texas lodging accommodations make for a memorable trip Look back at 9 years of Comicpalooza in Houston Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/entertainment/restaurants-bars/article/New-food-hall-set-for-downtown-Houston-11141556.php New food hall set for downtown Houston By Greg Morago Updated 9:31 am, Friday, May 12, 2017 Photo: The Jones On Main Image 1of/6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 2 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 3 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 4 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 5 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 6 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. Shown: the lobby of 712 Main. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main New food hall set for downtown Houston 1 / 6 Back to Gallery A new food hall is coming to downtown Houston complete with a dozen food outlets, a craft beer and wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. The Food Hall at Main and Rusk is set to open in early 2018 at The Jones on Main in the JPMorgan Chase building at 712 Main – the former Gulf Oil Building that is undergoing a major renovation by Houston developer Midway. The 37-story tower's owner, Lionstone Investments, in partnership with Midway, has tapped Austin-based Oz Rey, LLC, to develop and operate the food hall. "We are thrilled about the addition of the food hall as it is a key element of our overall re-positioning efforts at The Jones on Main," said Fernando Urrutia, vice president of asset management for Lionstone. "This addition will provide myriad exciting dining options not only for our tenants, but for our neighbors as well." The food hall, which will offer breakfast, lunch and dinner options, is designed to be a culinary destination with a "curated group of celebrated local and global chefs." The dining and drinking concepts will be located in the grand lobby of the building. While no local chefs or concepts have been identified for the project, the food hall is described as a 20,000-square-foot project that will feature "chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and art deco cocktail lounge and unique private spaces." Nationally, food halls are a culinary/retail trend. There are major food halls in New York (Chelsea Market, Grand Central Terminal, Gotham West Market); Krog Street Market in Atlanta; Union Market in Washington, DC; Market on Market in San Francisco; Eataly (various cities); Pike Place Market in Seattle; Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia; St. Roch Market in New Orleans. In New York two new food halls are taking shape: Bourdain Market from Anthony Bourdain, and another at 10 Hudson Yards from chef Jose Andres. Houston's first food hall, also downtown, opened last year at 1010 Prairie. Conservatory, a 7,500-square-foot beer garden and food hall in the basement of the former Isis Theatre, features vendors such as El Burro & the Bull, Arte Pizzeria, Moku Bar, Melange Creperie, Mars Bakery, and Noble Rot Wine Bar. The Food Hall on Main, the working name of the food hall, will be renamed at a later date. The partners of the food hall project are currently looking for operators of the dining and drinking concepts. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Brian McCann fuels an Astros win against Yankees Appeals court rules on Harris Co. bail system Video captures heartbreaking response to deadly fire 18 busted in MoCo child abuse roundup The Lead After her Houston vacation, model says she's homesick More TV shows cancelled in latest network bloodbath Media stars shine on the runway to help homeless children Cornyn on Trump's list to head FBI, reports say Houston native Farrah Moan on 'Drag Race' elimination Rockets fan gets 'Friend Zoned' on kiss-cam Academy Award nominated actress says she was profiled at Chanel Texas school children show off anti-Trump artwork Watch: Will Ferrell sings '90s mega hit song at graduation What Texas officials did with these enormous largemouth bass MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Man sentenced to 50 years for child sex abuse Arnold speaks at UH commencement Houston sports stadium celebrates milestone Bloodbath: More TV shows cancelled See which of your favorite shows end this week Pop star's 'sexy' image put Malaysian politics in chaos Travel: Unconventional places to rent in Texas Best places to eat on a Texas road trip (updated) U.S. News & World Report's best Texas hotels Galveston building takes action after 395 birds die Deer chomps human bone 'like a cigar' Florida python hunter wrestles 17-foot python Entertainment News Houston native Farrah Moan calls 'Drag Race' elimination 'fair... After her Houston vacation Kylie Jenner says she's homesick Pierce The Veil returns to Houston with Sum 41 RuPaul's Drag Race: Roasts, reads and poor Michelle Academy Award nominated actress Gabourey Sidibe, alleges she... 13 shows have been cancelled in a network bloodbath; will your... Most Read 1 13 shows have been cancelled in a network bloodbath; will your... 2 Police: Altercation in Cleveland leads to shooting 3 Texas Southern University cancels Cornyn speech in response to... 4 After her Houston vacation Kylie Jenner says she's homesick 5 Law enforcement nab hundreds in anti-gang operation in... 6 In return to Yankee Stadium, Brian McCann fuels an Astros win 7 What Houston will look like after TxDOT's multi-billion dollar... 8 Rockets fan gets 'Friend Zoned' on kiss-cam 9 James Harden blows off steam at the club after loss 10 Appeals court halts judge's order to change Harris Co. bail... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/janus-you-stand-still-you-die-1494597256 Focus on Funds Janus: ‘You Stand Still, You Die’ Janus Capital Group doubled their exposure to active -- why JPMorgan sees that as strength. By Crystal Kim May 12, 2017 9:54 a.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large An asset manager would be crazy to double-down on active management considering how the space has suffered punishing flow blows, but that's exactly what Janus Capital Group (JNS) did when it merged with U.K. rival Henderson. JPMorgan analyst Kenneth Worthington thinks that was a smart move. "There is no question that the transaction represents a doubling down on active management, which investors are prudent to question given the global migration to passive," he wrote in a recent note. "However, management suggests that it will integrate the two firms and that the combination of more good performing products together with more distribution will generate incremental sales and organic growth. The company sees audited cost savings of $110 million over three years with $80 million expected in the first. Worthington says the estimates are "prudent, if not conservative," but that those savings are probably going to go right back into the business. The analyst is staying his Neutral rating on the stock, because of its recent breakout. Janus shares have risen 8.9% year-to-date compared to the financial sector's 1.5% gain over the same period. However, he raised his 2017 price target modestly to $15.50 from $14. Janus was smart to make a play for scale and reach. The bigger drivers for the stock price in the near-term, says Worthington, will be the outlook for its Intech and Europe business. Text Size Regular Medium Large HENDERSON JANUS CAPITAL GROUP Crystal Kim crystal.kim@barrons.com • @crystalkimmm PREVIOUS ETF Flopper: A Bad Connection For Telecom ETF NEXT All the Quants Are Here Most Popular Not Just Buffett: IBM Unit Sells IBM, Wells Fargo AMD Analyst Day on Tap: This Could Go to Uncharted Territory, Says Rosenblatt GE Falls to 52-Week Low; Bottom-Fishers Beware Micron, Western: DRAM, NAND Prices To Continue Higher, Says Macquarie The iPhone 8: Does Price Even Matter? Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Latest In Focusonfunds Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Occidental Petroleum Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Occidental Petroleum Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Rating Increased to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Rating Reiterated by Iberia Capital Benchmark Co. Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Walt Disney’s (DIS) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Bank of America Corp Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Has $4,457,000 Stake in Halliburton Company (HAL) Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Holds Position in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Holds Stake in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Shares Sold by Parsons Capital Management Inc. RI Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Boosts Stake in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Purchases New Position in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Acquires 3,387 Shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) MMA Capital Management LLC (MMAC) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stake Raised by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Stake Maintained by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Biogen Inc (BIIB) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Perennial Advisors LLC Acquires 1,332 Shares of Novartis AG (NVS) Rockwell Automation (ROK) Shares Bought by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Stake Maintained by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Rating Increased to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Occidental Petroleum Co. (NYSE:OXY) was upgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a $67.00 target price on the oil and gas producer’s stock, up from their prior target price of $66.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective points to a potential upside of 9.71% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. BMO Capital Markets set a $65.00 target price on shares of Occidental Petroleum and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Scotiabank reissued a “hold” rating and set a $68.00 target price on shares of Occidental Petroleum in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Barclays PLC reissued a “sell” rating and set a $50.00 target price (down previously from $62.00) on shares of Occidental Petroleum in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Simmons lifted their target price on shares of Occidental Petroleum from $71.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and set a $70.00 target price on shares of Occidental Petroleum in a research note on Friday, May 5th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $71.51. Shares of Occidental Petroleum (NYSE:OXY) traded up 0.21% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $61.20. The company had a trading volume of 186,291 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $62.47 and a 200 day moving average price of $66.97. The company’s market cap is $46.79 billion. Occidental Petroleum has a 12 month low of $57.20 and a 12 month high of $78.48. Occidental Petroleum (NYSE:OXY) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The oil and gas producer reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.01. Occidental Petroleum had a negative net margin of 5.52% and a negative return on equity of 3.40%. The business had revenue of $2.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.96 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.47) earnings per share. Occidental Petroleum’s quarterly revenue was up 30.6% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Occidental Petroleum will post $1.03 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 14th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be paid a $0.76 dividend. This represents a $3.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.98%. Occidental Petroleum’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -400.00%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Rating Increased to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/occidental-petroleum-co-oxy-rating-increased-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, Director Stephen I. Chazen sold 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $66.26, for a total transaction of $265,040.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 1,529,619 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $101,352,554.94. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Vicki A. Hollub bought 15,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $62.72 per share, with a total value of $940,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 76,018 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,767,848.96. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 52,000 shares of company stock valued at $3,296,640. Insiders own 0.35% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Partnervest Advisory Services LLC increased its stake in Occidental Petroleum by 0.5% in the first quarter. Partnervest Advisory Services LLC now owns 3,301 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $209,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. Concert Wealth Management Inc. increased its stake in Occidental Petroleum by 0.3% in the first quarter. Concert Wealth Management Inc. now owns 8,383 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $595,000 after buying an additional 23 shares during the last quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. increased its stake in Occidental Petroleum by 0.3% in the first quarter. Albert D Mason Inc. now owns 7,688 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $487,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Ronald Blue & Co. LLC increased its stake in Occidental Petroleum by 0.3% in the first quarter. Ronald Blue & Co. LLC now owns 9,955 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $631,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. increased its stake in Occidental Petroleum by 1.3% in the fourth quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. now owns 4,389 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $313,000 after buying an additional 55 shares during the last quarter. 80.07% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Occidental Petroleum Company Profile Occidental Petroleum Corporation (Occidental) is an oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company operates through three segments: oil and gas, chemical (OxyChem), and midstream and marketing. The oil and gas segment explores for, develops and produces oil and condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas. Receive News & Ratings for Occidental Petroleum Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Occidental Petroleum Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Park National Corp OH Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $242,000 Stake in Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Beacon Financial Group Has $463,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Macquarie Group Ltd. Takes Position in Trivago NV – (TRVG) Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for RWE AG (RWE) Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Peel Hunt Raises GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C (GFTU) Price Target to GBX 735 International Flavors & Fragrances’ (IFF) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ARCH) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for CoreSite Realty Corp Boosted by Analyst (COR) Dynegy Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.31) Per Share (DYN) Narus Financial Partners LLC Purchases New Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Position Cut by Aristotle Capital Management LLC Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Position Increased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Teachers Advisors LLC Has $3.845 Million Position in ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 1,474 Shares of Cardtronics PLC (CATM) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $3.87 Million Position in Lithia Motors Inc (LAD) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 17,774 Shares of GrubHub Inc (GRUB) BT Group plc (BT.A) Earns Neutral Rating from Macquarie Beacon Financial Group Has $463,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Beacon Financial Group decreased its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 3.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 5,210 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 166 shares during the period. Beacon Financial Group’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $463,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in JPM. Murphy Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1.7% in the third quarter. Murphy Capital Management Inc. now owns 101,103 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,732,000 after buying an additional 1,652 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 19.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 96,587,143 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $8,334,505,000 after buying an additional 15,715,835 shares in the last quarter. Markston International LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 1.3% in the third quarter. Markston International LLC now owns 171,338 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $11,409,000 after buying an additional 2,187 shares during the last quarter. Shell Asset Management Co. raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 7.2% in the third quarter. Shell Asset Management Co. now owns 406,542 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $27,072,000 after buying an additional 27,152 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Shepherd Financial Partners LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,128,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.65% of the company’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.16 on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a one year low of $57.05 and a one year high of $93.98. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $86.82 and a 200-day moving average of $84.59. The firm has a market capitalization of $309.62 billion, a PE ratio of 13.42 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.52 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.40 billion. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.35 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th were paid a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.29%. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.02%. WARNING: “Beacon Financial Group Has $463,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/beacon-financial-group-has-463000-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. JPM has been the subject of several recent research reports. Daiwa Capital Markets raised shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Vetr lowered shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $87.76 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “market perform” rating and issued a $89.00 price objective (up previously from $88.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $99.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.21. In related news, Director James S. Crown bought 11,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 299,862 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $25,632,203.76. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total value of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 329,019 shares in the company, valued at $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Park National Corp OH Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $242,000 Stake in Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Beacon Financial Group Has $463,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Macquarie Group Ltd. Takes Position in Trivago NV – (TRVG) Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for RWE AG (RWE) Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Peel Hunt Raises GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C (GFTU) Price Target to GBX 735 International Flavors & Fragrances’ (IFF) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ARCH) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for CoreSite Realty Corp Boosted by Analyst (COR) Dynegy Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.31) Per Share (DYN) Narus Financial Partners LLC Purchases New Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Position Cut by Aristotle Capital Management LLC Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) Position Increased by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Teachers Advisors LLC Has $3.845 Million Position in ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 1,474 Shares of Cardtronics PLC (CATM) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $3.87 Million Position in Lithia Motors Inc (LAD) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 17,774 Shares of GrubHub Inc (GRUB) BT Group plc (BT.A) Earns Neutral Rating from Macquarie JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Park National Corp OH May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Park National Corp OH cut its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 1.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 682,349 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 13,096 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. makes up approximately 3.6% of Park National Corp OH’s portfolio, making the stock its 2nd largest position. Park National Corp OH’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $59,938,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 87.16 on Friday. The firm has a market capitalization of $309.62 billion, a PE ratio of 13.42 and a beta of 1.49. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $86.82 and a 200-day moving average price of $84.59. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52-week low of $57.05 and a 52-week high of $93.98. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The business had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.35 earnings per share. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.70 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Sunday, April 30th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were paid a $0.50 dividend. This is an increase from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.29%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is presently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Park National Corp OH” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-stake-reduced-by-park-national-corp-oh.html. Several brokerages have issued reports on JPM. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods increased their price target on JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $47.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, April 17th. Vetr downgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $99.01 price target for the company. in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Guggenheim upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $88.25 to $96.00 in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Vining Sparks upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. to an “outperform” rating and set a $95.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, FBR & Co restated an “outperform” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.21. In related news, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total value of $289,629.30. Following the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 329,019 shares in the company, valued at $27,986,356.14. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total value of $918,075.44. Following the completion of the transaction, the general counsel now owns 63,344 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,388,674.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.85% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance China Lodging Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for China Lodging Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Deutsche Telekom AG (DTEGY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Second Sight Medical Products Inc (EYES) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Credit Suisse Group AG Raises International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Price Target to GBX 686 Intercede Group plc’s (IGP) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at FinnCap JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Park National Corp OH Macquarie Group Ltd. Has $242,000 Stake in Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Beacon Financial Group Has $463,000 Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Macquarie Group Ltd. Takes Position in Trivago NV – (TRVG) Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for RWE AG (RWE) Gem Diamonds Limited (GEMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Peel Hunt Raises GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C (GFTU) Price Target to GBX 735 International Flavors & Fragrances’ (IFF) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ARCH) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for CoreSite Realty Corp Boosted by Analyst (COR) Dynegy Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.31) Per Share (DYN) Narus Financial Partners LLC Purchases New Position in Apple Inc. (AAPL) Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Position Cut by Aristotle Capital Management LLC China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet China Lodging Group, Ltd (NASDAQ:HTHT)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. They presently have a $90.00 price target on the stock, up from their prior price target of $78.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 11.26% from the company’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised China Lodging Group from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $79.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Benchmark Co. began coverage on China Lodging Group in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $68.00 target price for the company. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on China Lodging Group in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $66.00 target price for the company. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $62.00. Shares of China Lodging Group (NASDAQ:HTHT) opened at 80.89 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $64.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $54.90. The firm has a market cap of $5.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 49.08 and a beta of 1.42. China Lodging Group has a 52-week low of $31.71 and a 52-week high of $81.01. China Lodging Group (NASDAQ:HTHT) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.02. China Lodging Group had a return on equity of 16.24% and a net margin of 11.51%. The company had revenue of $1.67 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.66 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.32 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 10.9% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that China Lodging Group will post $2.16 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/china-lodging-group-ltd-htht-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. OppenheimerFunds Inc. increased its position in shares of China Lodging Group by 6.1% in the first quarter. OppenheimerFunds Inc. now owns 6,364,365 shares of the company’s stock worth $394,909,000 after buying an additional 366,699 shares in the last quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of China Lodging Group by 10.2% in the first quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC now owns 905,083 shares of the company’s stock worth $56,160,000 after buying an additional 83,572 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of China Lodging Group by 12.3% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 745,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $46,258,000 after buying an additional 81,900 shares in the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in shares of China Lodging Group by 11.0% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 713,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $36,998,000 after buying an additional 70,800 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Macquarie Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of China Lodging Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $21,301,000. 39.20% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About China Lodging Group China Lodging Group, Limited is a holding company. The Company is a multi-brand hotel group in China with leased, manachised and franchised models. Under the lease model, the Company directly operates hotels located on leased properties. Under the manachise model, the Company manages manachised hotels through the on-site hotel managers the Company appoints and collects fees from franchisees. Receive News & Ratings for China Lodging Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for China Lodging Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Esure Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Esure Group PLC (ESUR) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Lifted by Capital One Financial Corp. Genomic Health, Inc. (GHDX) PT Raised to $33.00 Puma Biotechnology Inc (PBYI) PT Set at $40.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) PT Set at $67.00 by Cowen and Company Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Downgraded by TheStreet Newell Brands Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NWL) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Assembly Biosciences Inc (ASMB) Lowered by William Blair VSA Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lgo Energy PLC (LGO) Gladstone Land Corp (LAND) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) PT Raised to GBX 360 at Deutsche Bank AG Vertu Motors Plc (VTU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Allergan plc (AGN) Stock Rating Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Cut to Market Perform at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Givaudan Sa ‘s (GVDNY) Sell Rating Reiterated at Sanford C. Bernstein Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Community Health Systems (CYH) Lowered by KeyCorp Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on Epizyme Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (EPZM) Esure Group PLC (ESUR) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Esure Group PLC (LON: ESUR) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 5/5/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its “equal weight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 237 ($3.07) price target on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Shore Capital. 5/3/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Peel Hunt. They now have a GBX 200 ($2.59) price target on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Esure Group PLC was downgraded by analysts at Barclays PLC to an “equal weight” rating. They now have a GBX 234 ($3.03) price target on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Esure Group PLC was downgraded by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.36) price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Royal Bank of Canada from GBX 185 ($2.39) to GBX 215 ($2.78). They now have an “underperform” rating on the stock. 3/24/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a GBX 250 ($3.23) price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Macquarie from GBX 190 ($2.46) to GBX 234 ($3.03). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Esure Group PLC was downgraded by analysts at Citigroup Inc to a “neutral” rating. They now have a GBX 235 ($3.04) price target on the stock. 3/15/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 240 ($3.10) to GBX 275 ($3.56). They now have an “outperform” rating on the stock. 3/13/2017 – Esure Group PLC had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 230 ($2.97) price target on the stock. Shares of Esure Group PLC (LON:ESUR) opened at 263.70 on Friday. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.10 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 245.28 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 219.02. Esure Group PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 183.10 and a 52 week high of GBX 311.00. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 13th will be given a GBX 10.50 ($0.14) dividend. This represents a yield of 4.38%. This is a positive change from Esure Group PLC’s previous dividend of $3.00. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 13th. esure Group plc is a holding company, which provides motor and home insurance products and services through its esure and Sheilas’ Wheels brands. The Company’s segments include motor underwriting, home underwriting, non-underwritten additional services and investments. The Motor underwriting segment includes the revenues and expenses attributable to its motor insurance underwriting activities inclusive of additional insurance products underwritten by it. Receive News & Ratings for Esure Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Esure Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dicks Sporting Goods Target of Unusually High Options Trading (DKS) Investors Buy High Volume of Put Options on General Electric Company (GE) Avon Products (AVP) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.12 Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (AXL) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect AutoZone (AZO) Share Price L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Position Decreased by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Position Held by American Assets Investment Management LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $799,000 Stake in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Decreases Stake in WestRock Co (WRK) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Cut by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hourglass Capital LLC Has $6.101 Million Position in United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Stake Held by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Stake Reduced by Forward Management LLC Forward Management LLC Has $3,230,000 Position in Equity Residential (EQR) $0.57 EPS Expected for BankUnited (BKU) This Quarter First Analysis Comments on Bottomline Technologies’ Q3 2018 Earnings (EPAY) Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Kona Grill Inc Lowered by Wedbush (KONA) Investors Buy High Volume of Put Options on General Electric Company (GE) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Friday. Investors bought 36,209 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of 152% compared to the average daily volume of 14,378 put options. Several analysts have commented on GE shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $29.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating and set a $37.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Vetr upgraded shares of General Electric Company from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $34.04 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein restated an “outperform” rating and set a $40.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. General Electric Company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $31.73. In other General Electric Company news, Director Marijn E. Dekkers acquired 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $29.90 per share, for a total transaction of $598,000.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $29,900. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GE. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in General Electric Company by 2.7% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 596,940,754 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $17,788,833,000 after buying an additional 15,758,130 shares during the period. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of General Electric Company by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 357,567,340 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $11,299,139,000 after buying an additional 10,321,746 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of General Electric Company by 0.7% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 130,741,961 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $4,131,446,000 after buying an additional 900,672 shares during the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of General Electric Company by 6.4% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 84,359,884 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $2,510,307,000 after buying an additional 5,083,346 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $2,383,193,000. 54.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) traded down 2.08% during trading on Friday, reaching $28.27. 68,382,466 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $245.50 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 28.79 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company has a 52 week low of $27.85 and a 52 week high of $33.00. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $29.55 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.24. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $27.66 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $26.37 billion. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The business’s revenue was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.21 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/investors-buy-high-volume-of-put-options-on-general-electric-company-ge.html. About General Electric Company Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Downgraded by National Securities to Neutral Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Given a $50.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG Red Hat Inc (RHT) Price Target Raised to $96.00 at CIBC Snap Inc (SNAP) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Given a $96.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Vonage Holdings Corp. (VG) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Snap Inc (SNAP) Receives Underperform Rating from Needham & Company LLC Chevron Co. (CVX) Receives “Buy” Rating from Bank of America Corp Willbros Group Inc (WG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Twenty-First Century Fox’s (FOXA) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Needham & Company LLC Cytori Therapeutics Inc (CYTX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.05 EPS Mylan (MYL) Given Sector Perform Rating at Royal Bank of Canada Impax Laboratories Inc (IPXL) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada United States Cellular Corp (USM) Upgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Stake Lowered by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $1.178 Million Position in Coach Inc (COH) Campbell Soup Company (CPB) Stake Decreased by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (NYSE:SMI) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note released on Thursday, The Fly reports. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Macquarie downgraded shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report on Thursday. Deutsche Bank AG downgraded shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $7.97. Shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (NYSE:SMI) traded down 6.22% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $5.43. The company had a trading volume of 315,953 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $6.18 and its 200 day moving average price is $6.64. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l has a 12-month low of $3.88 and a 12-month high of $7.74. The company has a market capitalization of $5.97 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.41 and a beta of 0.67. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (NYSE:SMI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The semiconductor company reported $0.07 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.04. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l had a net margin of 11.49% and a return on equity of 6.96%. The firm had revenue of $793.09 million during the quarter. Equities research analysts predict that Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l will post $0.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/semiconductor-manufacturing-intl-smi-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-neutral.html. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Susquehanna International Group LLP acquired a new position in shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l during the third quarter worth approximately $143,000. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc boosted its position in shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 25.0% in the first quarter. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc now owns 25,000 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $157,000 after buying an additional 5,000 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its position in shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 28.4% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 38,740 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $243,000 after buying an additional 8,570 shares during the last quarter. Comerica Bank boosted its position in shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 2.1% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 48,799 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $296,000 after buying an additional 997 shares during the last quarter. Finally, World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 1.9% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 52,711 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock worth $331,000 after buying an additional 965 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 1.06% of the company’s stock. About Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the computer-aided design, manufacture and trading of integrated circuits (IC). Its products include power management ICs, image sensors, eFlash, embedded microprocessor, touch controller ICs, fingerprint sensors and micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) sensors, among others. Receive News & Ratings for Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Top Picks For The Rest Of 2017, Courtesy Of UBS Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 12, 2017 3:25pm   Comments Share: For many, it is hard to believe, but the halfway point of 2017 is inching closer, and quickly. Analysts at UBS released a mid-year report card with its top six picks for the bottom half of 2017 from six different sectors. Here is a summary of six stocks, one from each sector. As a note, the inclusions in this article doesn't necessarily represent UBS's top pick. Consumer: Coca-Cola The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE: KO)'s bottom half of 2017 will be led by its new CEO James Quincey while the company will show "clearer evidence" of margin improvements and earnings per share upside as bottler re-franchising deals close. Shares of Coca-Cola are Buy rated with a $48 price target. Honorable Mention: Buy-rated Coach Inc (NYSE: COH) with a $49 price target. Energy: Halliburton Halliburton Company (NYSE: HAL) is a top energy pick for four reasons: 1) the company's significant leverage to the U.S. onshore market, 2) potential for incremental margin growth, 3) expectations for positive earnings revision and 4) strong balance sheet and a "well respected" management team. Shares of Halliburton are Buy rated with a $70 price target. Honorable Mention: Buy-rated Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: APC) with an $80 price target. Financials: JPMorgan JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a top pick in the financial sector as the analysts expect a net interest growth of 9.2 percent for the full year 2017 and 6.9 percent next year. Both of these estimates are among the highest within the research firm's coverage universe. Shares of JPMorgan are Buy rated with a $101 price target. Honorable Mention: Buy-rated S&P Global Inc (NYSE: SPGI) with a $154 price target. Healthcare: Allergan Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE: AGN) was named a top pick in the healthcare sector given its superior risk to reward profile. The company is in a strong position given its strong and diversified portfolio, greater visibility into its pipeline growth and the ability to drive a mid-single-digit top-line growth for at least the rest of the decade. Shares of Allergan are Buy rated with a $275 price target. Honorable Mention: Buy-rated Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) with a $136 price target. Industrials: Dow Chemical Dow Chemical Co (NYSE: DOW) was named a top pick in the industrials sector as the pending merger with E I Du Pont De Nemours And Co (NYSE: DD) could close within three months and early stage cost savings of $3 billion could end up surprising to the upside. When the merger finalizes the analysts see the combined entities trading at a premium to their current combined valuation. Shares of Dow Chemical are Buy rated with a $72 price target. Honorable Mention: Rockwell Collins, Inc. (NYSE: COL) with a $122 price target. Technology, Media And Telecom Within the crowded technology, media and telecommunication group, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) is a top pick given its prospects for continued growth in mobile search and YouTube. Beyond these two segments, the analysts also see continued momentum in Alphabet's core Google operations. Shares of Alphabet are Buy rated with a $1,050 price target. Honorable mention: Buy-rated Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) with a $165 price target and Buy-rated Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) with a $175 price target. Related Links: Mark Cuban Argues Why FANG Stocks Are Still Undervalued 4 Big Takeaways From Nvidia's Sell-Side Meeting Posted-In: 2017 Top PicksAnalyst Color Long Ideas Top Stories Markets Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + AGN) Apple's Billion Dollar Fund Found Its First Recipient Apple's Total Addressable Market Is A Lot Larger Than It Looks The Upside Of Apple Making Its First $1,000 Phone Momentum Investing As A Strategy Analysts Say Apple's Future Is In Transportation, Not Just A Car But An 'Experience' A New ETF Is An Active Idea For Income View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on KO Trending Recent 1 VZ, ABR: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 CYCC, DRYS: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 WFM, SYMC: 10 Stocks To Watch For May 11, 2017 4 JWN, CA: Earnings Scheduled For May 11, 2017 5 AYA, CYBR: 7 Stocks To Watch For May 12, 2017 6 SNAP: Snap Inc Craters 20% After Its Fir... 7 NVDA: 6 Key Themes From Nvidia's Q1 1 TWTR, DIS: Trumptastic URL Redirects Mock 'Failing NYT' Chorus To The ACLU 2 RNN, CDI: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Inpixon Drops Following Q1 Results... 3 KSS, JWN: Nordstrom's Stock Sell-Off 'Overblown,'... 4 TWMJF, PRMCF: Meet Compassionate Certification Centers: T... 5 AMZN, JCP: Why JC Penney's Fall Under $5... 6 GLW, AAPL: Apple's Billion Doll... 7 SNAP, FB: Snap's Pain... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products GE Challenges Remain; Analyst Sees Shares Overvalued No Matter Who's In Charge
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Centrica PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centrica PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bitauto Hldg Ltd (BITA) Upgraded to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Alteryx Inc (AYX) Given Overweight Rating at Pacific Crest Atento SA (ATTO) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Aon plc Class A’s (AON) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Centrica PLC (CPYYY) Downgraded to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Fidelity D&D Bancorp (FDBC) Downgraded to Hold at ValuEngine FY2017 EPS Estimates for Autoliv Inc. Lowered by Analyst (ALV) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Epizyme Inc (EPZM) Boosted by Analyst Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Maintains Stake in Parker-Hannifin Corp (PH) Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Egalet Corp (EGLT) Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 200 Shares of Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV Invests $585,000 in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Orchid Island Capital Inc (ORC) Shares Bought by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Capital Fund Management S.A. Purchases Shares of 61,392 Imperva Inc (IMPV) Capital Fund Management S.A. Has $18.665 Million Stake in Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Bank Mutual (BKMU) Share Price Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Purchases 990 Shares of Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Ligand Pharmaceuticals (LGND) Stock Price Forterra Inc (FRTA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Centrica PLC (CPYYY) Downgraded to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Centrica PLC (OTC:CPYYY) from an overweight rating to an underweight rating in a research report sent to investors on Thursday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Centrica PLC (OTC:CPYYY) traded up 0.05% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $9.96. 3,739 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.62 and its 200 day moving average price is $10.89. Centrica PLC has a 12 month low of $9.74 and a 12 month high of $12.94. The stock has a market capitalization of $13.64 billion and a PE ratio of 6.21. WARNING: “Centrica PLC (CPYYY) Downgraded to Underweight at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/centrica-plc-cpyyy-downgraded-to-underweight-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Centrica PLC Centrica plc is an energy and services company. The Company’s segments include Energy Supply & Services-UK & Ireland, Energy Supply & Services-North America, Connected Home, Distributed Energy & Power, Energy Marketing & Trading, Exploration & Production, Central Power Generation and Centrica Storage. Receive News & Ratings for Centrica PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Centrica PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil dips as concerns linger over U.S. production Business Standard U.S.-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners Reuters  |  NEW YORK  May 12, 2017 Last Updated at 22:26 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVhgde ALSO READ China prepares to counter any U.S. trade penalties - sources China offers concessions to avert trade war with U.S. - FT China offers concessions to avert trade war with U.S.- FT U.S.-China panel says should ban China state firms from buying U.S. companies U.S. trade barriers report slams China on overcapacity, tech transfer By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK (Reuters) - Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." Visa shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp were off 1 percent, while S&P Global Inc dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy, a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel, which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc, which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp, the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, see: https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/05/joint-release-initial-results-100-day-action-plan-us-china-comprehensive (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran, Lauren LaCapra and Scott DiSavino in New York and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by Nick Zieminski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | China | Trade | Companies | Credit Card | Moody's | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep U.S.-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners NEW YORK (Reuters) - Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK (Reuters) - Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." Visa shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp were off 1 percent, while S&P Global Inc dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy, a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel, which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc, which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp, the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, see: https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/05/joint-release-initial-results-100-day-action-plan-us-china-comprehensive (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran, Lauren LaCapra and Scott DiSavino in New York and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by Nick Zieminski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 U.S.-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK (Reuters) - Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." Visa shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp were off 1 percent, while S&P Global Inc dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy, a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel, which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc, which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp, the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, see: https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/05/joint-release-initial-results-100-day-action-plan-us-china-comprehensive (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran, Lauren LaCapra and Scott DiSavino in New York and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by Nick Zieminski) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Chase outage knocks out payments service for customers nationwide Conference PayThink PayThink As mobile spikes, card marketing must get more personal, and luxurious This cryptocurrency project is now courting banks Citi joins big-bank brethren in backing blockchain firm Axoni search goes here Chase outage knocks out payments service for customers nationwide By Kristin Broughton Allison Prang Published May 11 2017, 7:03pm EDT More in Consumer banking Payments Bank technology JPMorgan Chase Print Email Reprints Share Share on JPMorgan Chase customers nationwide on Thursday were prevented from making online and mobile payments, due to unspecified technology issues. Services including bill pay and Chase QuickPay — the company’s peer-to-peer payment service — went down around 4 p.m. and were restored around 8:30 p.m. Eastern time, according to company spokesman Tom Kelly. He said the issue did not affect the company’s ATM or branch network, nor did it affect debit or credit card transactions. Some could still see their balances but others — the company is not sure how many — could not, Kelly said. Several Chase customers complained, on Twitter and to an American Banker reporter, that all they saw was "N/A." It’s unclear what, exactly, caused the outage. “It’s a technology issue that we’re working on,” Kelly said. Screenshot provided by a Chase customer Thursday afternoon. Account details redacted. JPMorgan’s customer service division addressed the issue in a tweet Thursday afternoon, saying that it was “working to restore access to our website and mobile app.” We’re working to restore access to our website and mobile app. We’re sorry for the inconvenience and appreciate your patience. — Chase Support (@ChaseSupport) May 11, 2017 Updated May 11, 2017 at 9:44PM: Updated to note restoration of service in the evening. Kristin Broughton More from this Author Amazon buying Capital One? Fat chance, but fun to ponder Capital One profits fall 14% on higher credit costs, lower fee income Fifth third to record $9M gain on sale of Vantiv shares Allison Prang Allison Prang is a reporter for American Banker where she writes about community banks. More from this Author Bancorp, continuing cost cuts, to sell European payments line More small banks eager to license in-house payment products Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Stock Market Looks Very Overbought: 5 Safe Stocks to Buy Now By Lee Jackson May 12, 2017 8:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Any way you look at it, the market has run for a very long time. In fact, it has been more than eight years since the S&P 500 hit an ominous intraday low of 666 in March of 2009. While everybody has been caught up in the Trump rally that has pushed the Dow Jones Industrial Average to almost 21,000, the fact of the matter is we appear to be very overbought on a short-term basis and could be in for a sizable correction. With that in mind, if you have money to put to work, or have tax-loss selling that could raise funds, there are some good blue chip dividend stocks that are reasonably safe and offer good dividends. We screened the JPMorgan research database and found five that look good for the slow summer trading and the rest of 2017. Bristol-Myers Squibb This top company remains a favorite on Wall Street. Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) is a global pharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, licensing and marketing chemically synthesized drugs or small molecules and biologics in various therapeutic areas, including virology comprising human immunodeficiency virus infection (HIV), oncology, neuroscience, immunoscience and cardiovascular. The company recently announced that Biogen will pay $300 million upfront to Bristol-Myers to license a palsy drug with a $2 billion market opportunity and the potential to use that to treat Alzheimer’s. The company will pay a total of $410 million in milestone payments and a tiered double-digit royalty to license a drug known only as BMS-986168. The drug just completed Phase 1 testing in progressive supranuclear palsy. Shareholders receive a 2.83% dividend The JPMorgan price objective for the stock is $66, and the Wall Street consensus target price is $57.18. The shares closed trading on Thursday at $55.14 apiece. Home Depot This company remains the undisputed leader in the home improvement retail category. Home Depot Inc. (NYSE: HD) is the world’s largest home improvement specialty retailer, with 2,270 retail stores in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, 10 Canadian provinces and Mexico. Home Depot stores sell various building materials, home improvement products, and lawn and garden products, as well as provide installation, home maintenance and professional service programs to do-it-yourself (DIY), do-it-for-me (DIFM) and professional customers. Home Depot could continue to be a benefactor from the huge, ongoing rebuilding efforts across the United States as a result of flooding and tornadoes that have caused extensive damage over the past year. With summer right around the corner, there is always a chance for more storms. Home Depot investors receive a 2.28% dividend. JPMorgan has a $167 price target, and the consensus price objective is $158.54. Shares closed Thursday at $156.20. Intel This leader in semiconductors is working hard to scale away from dependence on personal computers, and the Internet of Things (IoT) is a big part of the shift. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) designs, manufactures and sells integrated digital technology platforms worldwide. The company’s platforms are used in various computing applications comprising notebooks, two-in-one systems, desktops, servers, tablets, smartphones, wireless and wired connectivity products, wearables, retail devices and manufacturing devices, as well as for retail, transportation, industrial, buildings, home use and other market segments. Pages: 1/2 « FAA to Require Engine Inspections for All 737 MAX Jets Why JC Penney Earnings Disappointed Investors » Read more: Investing, Analyst Upgrades, Defensive Stocks, featured, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE:BMY), Home Depot (NYSE:HD), Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Philip Morris International (NYSE:PM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Customer Service Hall of Shame States Where the Most People Have Green Cards 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America America's Best States to Live In Customer Service Hall of Fame Recent J.C. Penney, General Electric Fall into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club General Electric, Merck Lead Drop in DJIA Friday 10 States With the Most and Least Access to Internet Broadband Service US Summer Weather Forecast: Wet and Hot Prevail Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Land a Higher Credit Score Should You Save Everything for Retirement, or Have Fun With Your Money Now? Jim Cramer Is Wrong About Wells Fargo: It's Not Like Chipotle Nasdaq Composite Index ends 0.1% higher on the day S&P 500 ends 0.2% lower Dow Jones Industrial Average closes down 0.1% The S&P Will Double Within the Next 5 Years Snap Shares Climb 6% as Analyst Sentiment Remains Strong New Zealand Keeps Rate Unchanged: ETFs in Focus AP FACT CHECK: US-China trade deal is big, but not that big Trump lawyers: Documents show no undisclosed Russian income Georgia Power reaches deal to keep Vogtle construction going Amazon's New Seattle Campus Will Include A Homeless Shelter Trump’s New Trade Deal With China Hurts The Coal Industry He Promised To Help In A Win For Waymo, Judge Rules Uber Lawsuit Will Go To Trial Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance YY Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for YY Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Price Target Raised to $110.00 at Barrington Research Insider Selling: MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) President Sells 17,197 Shares of Stock Scott H. Gerson Sells 6,706 Shares of Harsco Co. (HSC) Stock Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Insider Angela L. Kleiman Sells 3,417 Shares Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Director Alan Vituli Sells 3,000 Shares Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €17.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts adidas AG (ADS) Given a €175.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts YY Inc (YY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Derwent London Plc (DLN) Receives “Buy” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stake Decreased by Tillar Wenstrup Advisors LLC Montag A & Associates Inc. Decreases Stake in C R Bard Inc (BCR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Increases Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $46.594 Million Stake in HP Inc (HPQ) Cypress Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Capital One National Association Decreases Stake in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Upgraded to “Buy” by Bank of America Corp Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Upgraded to “Buy” at Bank of America Corp WealthTrust Fairport LLC Increases Stake in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Wealth Architects LLC Takes Position in eBay Inc (EBAY) YY Inc (YY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of YY Inc (NASDAQ:YY) from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a report issued on Thursday. The brokerage currently has $60.00 price objective on the information services provider’s stock, up from their previous price objective of $56.00. Several other research analysts also recently commented on YY. Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on YY in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. They set a hold rating and a $45.00 target price on the stock. Vetr downgraded YY from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $47.86 target price on the stock. in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Instinet started coverage on YY in a report on Monday, February 13th. They set a neutral rating and a $47.00 target price on the stock. Morgan Stanley downgraded YY from an equal weight rating to an underweight rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, T.H. Capital raised YY from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $55.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Friday, March 10th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. YY has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $56.63. Shares of YY (NASDAQ:YY) traded down 0.35% during trading on Thursday, hitting $53.78. The stock had a trading volume of 865,820 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $47.50 and a 200-day moving average price of $45.22. YY has a one year low of $31.07 and a one year high of $58.46. The stock has a market capitalization of $2.99 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.68 and a beta of 1.11. YY (NASDAQ:YY) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The information services provider reported $1.47 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.03 by $0.44. The firm had revenue of $357.79 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $354.96 million. YY had a return on equity of 33.65% and a net margin of 17.18%. On average, equities research analysts predict that YY will post $4.86 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/yy-inc-yy-downgraded-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-to-neutral.html. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of YY. Koch Industries Inc. raised its stake in shares of YY by 50.5% in the first quarter. Koch Industries Inc. now owns 13,358 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $616,000 after buying an additional 4,482 shares during the last quarter. UG Investment Advisers Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of YY during the first quarter worth approximately $4,277,000. Legal & General Group Plc raised its stake in shares of YY by 1.9% in the first quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 57,621 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $2,657,000 after buying an additional 1,100 shares during the last quarter. Ward Ferry Management BVI Ltd raised its stake in shares of YY by 57.4% in the first quarter. Ward Ferry Management BVI Ltd now owns 902,800 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $41,628,000 after buying an additional 329,400 shares during the last quarter. Finally, California Public Employees Retirement System raised its stake in shares of YY by 95.7% in the first quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 109,600 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $4,679,000 after buying an additional 53,600 shares during the last quarter. 44.44% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. YY Company Profile YY Inc (YY) is a social platform that engages users in real-time online group activities through voice, video and text on personal computers and mobile devices. The Company’s segments include YY IVAS and others, Huya broadcasting, and 100 Education. YY enables users to create and organize groups of varying sizes to discover and participate in a range of online activities, including music shows, online games, dating shows, live game broadcasting and e-learning. Receive News & Ratings for YY Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for YY Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance adidas AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zebra Technologies Corp. (ZBRA) Price Target Raised to $110.00 at Barrington Research Insider Selling: MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) President Sells 17,197 Shares of Stock Scott H. Gerson Sells 6,706 Shares of Harsco Co. (HSC) Stock Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Insider Angela L. Kleiman Sells 3,417 Shares Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Director Alan Vituli Sells 3,000 Shares Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €17.00 Price Target by S&P Global Analysts adidas AG (ADS) Given a €175.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts YY Inc (YY) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Derwent London Plc (DLN) Receives “Buy” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stake Decreased by Tillar Wenstrup Advisors LLC Montag A & Associates Inc. Decreases Stake in C R Bard Inc (BCR) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Increases Stake in Mattel, Inc. (MAT) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $46.594 Million Stake in HP Inc (HPQ) Cypress Capital Management LLC Maintains Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Capital One National Association Decreases Stake in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Upgraded to “Buy” by Bank of America Corp Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Upgraded to “Buy” at Bank of America Corp WealthTrust Fairport LLC Increases Stake in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Wealth Architects LLC Takes Position in eBay Inc (EBAY) adidas AG (ADS) Given a €175.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €175.00 ($190.22) target price on adidas AG (FRA:ADS) in a report published on Thursday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Kepler Capital Markets set a €166.00 ($180.43) price objective on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. BNP Paribas set a €200.00 ($217.39) price objective on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €170.00 ($184.78) price objective on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Macquarie set a €175.00 ($190.22) price objective on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada set a €180.00 ($195.65) price objective on shares of adidas AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €183.55 ($199.51). adidas AG (FRA:ADS) traded down 1.779% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching €175.982. 1,706 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. adidas AG has a 52-week low of €106.00 and a 52-week high of €187.81. The company’s 50-day moving average price is €179.93 and its 200-day moving average price is €157.28. The stock has a market cap of €35.47 billion and a P/E ratio of 31.968. WARNING: “adidas AG (ADS) Given a €175.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/adidas-ag-ads-given-a-175-00-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. adidas AG Company Profile . Receive News & Ratings for adidas AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for adidas AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Arrow Global Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Concepta PLC’s (CPT) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Beaufort Securities Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Given “Sell” Rating at Shore Capital Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Given “Hold” Rating at Shore Capital Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Rathbone Brothers plc’s (RAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Beazley PLC’s (BEZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Compass Group plc (CPG) Given New GBX 1,670 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Diageo plc (DGE) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Compass Group plc (CPG) Price Target Increased to GBX 1,560 by Analysts at Kepler Capital Markets Sony Corp (SNE) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Christopher Cabrera Sells 14,366 Shares of Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Insider Selling: Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Director Sells $167,216.25 in Stock Corp Bcpi Sells 82,600 Shares of Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Stock Tony Buffin Purchases 109 Shares of Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Stock Zvi Glasman Sells 6,000 Shares of Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Stock Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Share Price Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reissued their buy rating on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on ARW. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 330 ($4.27) to GBX 350 ($4.53) and gave the company an overweight rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 359 ($4.64) to GBX 384 ($4.97) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 340 ($4.40) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a GBX 405 ($5.24) target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Macquarie upped their target price on shares of Arrow Global Group PLC from GBX 335 ($4.33) to GBX 350 ($4.53) and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, The company has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 418 ($5.41). Arrow Global Group PLC (LON:ARW) traded up 0.06% during trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 408.75. The company had a trading volume of 288,142 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 712.75 million. Arrow Global Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 168.66 and a 52-week high of GBX 415.25. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 357.68 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 316.80. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/arrow-global-group-plc-arw-given-buy-rating-at-shore-capital-2.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a GBX 6.40 ($0.08) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.97%. This is a boost from Arrow Global Group PLC’s previous dividend of $2.70. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 8th. In other news, insider Stewart Hamilton sold 33,416 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 385 ($4.98), for a total transaction of £128,651.60 ($166,388.52). Also, insider Robert Memmott sold 135,086 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 324 ($4.19), for a total transaction of £437,678.64 ($566,061.36). Arrow Global Group PLC Company Profile Arrow Global Group Plc is a United Kingdom-based company engaged in purchase, collection and servicing of non-performing loans. The Company identifies, acquires and manages secured and unsecured defaulted loan portfolios from financial institutions, such as banks and credit card companies, as well as retail chains, student loans, motor credit, telecommunication firms and utility companies. Receive News & Ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrow Global Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Simple Case For Being A Chemours Bull Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 12, 2017 10:51am   Comments Share: Related Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 12, 2017 Earnings Scheduled For May 1, 2017 Stocks Open Mixed As Apple, GE Duke It Out On The Dow (Investor's Business Daily) Outlining the investment case for Chemours Co (NYSE: CC), JPMorgan said the company has a proprietary set of very profitable newer generation refrigerants, with patent lives extending to 2022, with excellent growth potential. Riding On Regulatory Changes Analysts Jeffrey Zekauskas, Youyou Yan and Silke Kueck noted the new refrigerants are now growing quickly because of demand from the auto OEM market in the U.S. and Europe, driven by regulatory changes to incentivize the use of technology that minimizes global warming. "We note that the auto after-market is larger than the OEM market, and we expect the technology to make its way into the after-market over time," the analysts said. Opportunities Galore JPMorgan noted that the new class of refrigerants is currently being produced only by Chemours and Honeywell International Inc. (NYSE: HON). European and U.S. regulations are also beginning to lead to a movement away from refrigerants for industrial and supermarket use with high global warming potential in favor of low-GWP solutions, the firm added. The firm sees these are opportunities for Chemours and its Opteon set of products, whose use also tends to lead to reduced power consumption by refrigeration units. According to the firm, the stationary refrigeration markets are multiples of the size of the mobile air conditioning markets. Multiples Likely To Expand While noting that Chemours is being valued similarly to Eastman Chemical Company (NYSE: EMN) or Celanese Corporation (NYSE: CE), the firm said there is room for Chemours' multiple to expand because of its longer-term growth opportunities. "There is also the potential for a rapid adoption of its new products to make a sharp and positive difference to its earnings profile," the firm said. "Chemours is tripling its Opteon capacity by the end of 2018." Upgrading Rating JPMorgan upgraded shares of Chemours to Overweight from Neutral and raised its price target to $50 from $39. At the time of writing, Chemours shares were rallying 3.15 percent at $43.20. Related Links: Biggest Hurdle For Tronox Acquisition Of Cristal? Chinese Regulators David Einhorn's Letter To Greenlight Investors Reveals New Perrigo Position ___________ Image Credit: Marksie531 at the English language Wikipedia [GFDL (http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html) or CC-BY-SA-3.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)], via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for CC Date Firm Action From To May 2017 JP Morgan Upgrades Neutral Overweight Mar 2017 Jefferies Upgrades Hold Buy Feb 2017 Susquehanna Upgrades Neutral Positive View More Analyst Ratings for CC View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas News Upgrades Price Target Commodities Markets Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (CE + CC) Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 12, 2017 Earnings Scheduled For May 1, 2017 David Einhorn's Letter To Greenlight Investors Reveals New Perrigo Position 5 Stocks To Watch For April 17, 2017 Earnings Scheduled For April 17, 2017 Biggest Hurdle For Tronox Acquisition Of Cristal? Chinese Regulators View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on CC Trending Recent 1 IDXG, LPSN: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 IBM, AMZN: Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia's Q1 Beat 3 M, CA: 10 Stocks To Watch For May 11, 2017 4 CYCC, PBR: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 5 FELP, MGA: Earnings Scheduled For May 11, 2017 6 What I Learned Day Trading My Way From... 7 SNAP: Snap Inc Craters 20% After Its Fir... 1 AAPL: The Upside Of Apple Making Its First $1,000 Phone 2 JWN: Nordstrom Walloped After Mixed Q1 Report 3 SHLD, INPX: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Lower; J C Penney Repor... 4 HIG: Hartford Expands ETF Lineup With 2 Low Vol Funds 5 JCP, M: Mixed Picture: Retail Sales Up, But Miss Expectations... 6 FB, SNAP: Bloomberg's Johnson: Snap Is Priced To &#... 7 ROST, SHLD: Nordstrom Rack A Demonstration Of Re... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 4 Big Takeaways From Nvidia's Sell-Side Meeting
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Terreno Realty Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Terreno Realty Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Stake Raised by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Stake Maintained by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Biogen Inc (BIIB) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Perennial Advisors LLC Acquires 1,332 Shares of Novartis AG (NVS) Rockwell Automation (ROK) Shares Bought by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Stake Maintained by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp Enterprise Financial Services Corp Continues to Hold Position in General Dynamics Co. (GD) Insider Selling: Tetra Tech, Inc. (TTEK) Insider Sells $775,525.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Lendingtree Inc (TREE) President Sells $859,740.00 in Stock Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Telecom Argentina SA (TEO) Share Price Harvest Capital Credit Corp (HCAP) Getting Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Pennantpark Floating Rate Capital (PFLT) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of -0.32 Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Lifted to Buy at Stifel Nicolaus Western Asset High Yield Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. (HYI) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.10 on June 1st Coty Inc (COTY) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Western Asset Global High Income Fnd Inc (EHI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) Releases Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.29 EPS Conning Inc. Has $2.646 Million Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Stake Maintained by DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp held its position in Terreno Realty Co. (NYSE:TRNO) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 33,746 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock at the end of the first quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp owned 0.07% of Terreno Realty worth $945,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Strs Ohio raised its position in Terreno Realty by 4.0% in the third quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 81,905 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,253,000 after buying an additional 3,154 shares during the period. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Terreno Realty by 24.5% in the third quarter. Mutual of America Capital Management LLC now owns 278,007 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,648,000 after buying an additional 54,757 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Terreno Realty by 12.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 275,002 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,565,000 after buying an additional 30,793 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Terreno Realty by 41.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 32,515 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $894,000 after buying an additional 9,449 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Terreno Realty by 1.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 267,846 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,368,000 after buying an additional 3,829 shares during the last quarter. 99.62% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Terreno Realty Co. (NYSE:TRNO) opened at 31.92 on Friday. Terreno Realty Co. has a one year low of $22.73 and a one year high of $32.54. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.57 billion, a P/E ratio of 148.47 and a beta of 0.77. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $29.53 and a 200 day moving average price of $27.87. Terreno Realty (NYSE:TRNO) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.27 by $0.17. The firm had revenue of $31.44 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $30.76 million. Terreno Realty had a net margin of 12.30% and a return on equity of 1.81%. Equities analysts forecast that Terreno Realty Co. will post $0.39 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, July 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 7th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.51%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, July 5th. Terreno Realty’s dividend payout ratio is currently 347.83%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/terreno-realty-co-trno-stake-maintained-by-dupont-capital-management-corp.html. A number of equities analysts recently commented on TRNO shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Terreno Realty from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 20th. Wunderlich increased their price target on Terreno Realty from $31.00 to $34.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price target on Terreno Realty from $29.00 to $34.50 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, May 5th. National Securities restated a “buy” rating and set a $29.00 price objective (up from $28.00) on shares of Terreno Realty in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $27.00 price objective on shares of Terreno Realty in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $30.39. About Terreno Realty Terreno Realty Corporation acquires, owns and operates industrial real estate in coastal markets in the United States, such as Los Angeles, Northern New Jersey/New York City, San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, Miami and Washington, District of Columbia (DC)/Baltimore. The Company invests in a range of industrial real estate, including warehouse/distribution, flex (including light industrial and research and development) and trans-shipment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TRNO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Terreno Realty Co. (NYSE:TRNO). Receive News & Ratings for Terreno Realty Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Terreno Realty Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €115.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Pearson plc (PSON) PT Raised to GBX 605 at Berenberg Bank Cowen and Company Lowers Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Price Target to $66.00 Capstone Asset Management Co. Boosts Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Shares Sold by Jacobs & Co. CA Bank of Montreal Can Has $2.483 Million Position in Saia Inc (SAIA) Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Stake Cut by Murphy Capital Management Inc. Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Earns Outperform Rating from Macquarie South32 Ltd (S32) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Worldpay Group PLC (WPG) Macquarie Reiterates Underperform Rating for Vodafone Group plc (VOD) St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target Increased to GBX 1,240 by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Shore Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for William Hill plc (WMH) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Paysafe Group Plc (OPAY) FinnCap Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for OptiBiotix Health PLC (OPTI) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Creative Planning Has $126,000 Stake in Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €115.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) has been assigned a €115.00 ($125.00) price objective by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Friday. The firm presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Baader Bank set a €121.00 ($131.52) target price on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Independent Research GmbH set a €128.00 ($139.13) target price on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Kepler Capital Markets set a €133.00 ($144.57) target price on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Commerzbank Ag set a €136.00 ($147.83) target price on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €125.21 ($136.10). Shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 124.90 on Friday. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 52-week low of €96.00 and a 52-week high of €127.10. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of €122.68 and a 200-day moving average price of €116.28. The stock has a market capitalization of €54.24 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.42. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/henkel-ag-115-00-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Canaccord Genuity Warrior Met Coal (HCC) Now Covered by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on Yext Inc (YEXT) QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Altria Group Inc (MO) Position Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Cwm LLC Sells 913 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Parametrica Management Ltd Invests $19 Million in Altria Group Inc (MO) Oceaneering International (OII) Position Raised by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Altria Group Inc (MO) Shares Bought by BKD Wealth Advisors LLC Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Position Boosted by Inverness Counsel LLC NY Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Lowers Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Walt Disney Co (DIS) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.74 Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts Short Interest in Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) Drops By 1.5% Intevac, Inc. (IVAC) Short Interest Up 26.2% in April Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €115.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Pearson plc (PSON) PT Raised to GBX 605 at Berenberg Bank Cowen and Company Lowers Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Price Target to $66.00 Capstone Asset Management Co. Boosts Stake in Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NASDAQ:NETS) in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The firm issued an overweight rating and a $18.00 price target on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Jefferies Group LLC started coverage on Netshoes (CAYMAN) in a research report on Monday. They set a buy rating and a $19.00 target price for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc started coverage on Netshoes (CAYMAN) in a research report on Monday. They set a buy rating and a $24.50 target price for the company. Netshoes (NASDAQ:NETS) opened at 17.00 on Monday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $14.03 and its 200-day moving average price is $14.03. Netshoes has a one year low of $12.49 and a one year high of $17.24. The company’s market cap is $363.24 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/netshoes-cayman-ltd-nets-now-covered-by-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Netshoes (CAYMAN) Netshoes (Cayman) Limited is a sports and lifestyle online retailer in Latin America. The Company focuses on offering an online consumer platform in Latin America. The Company operates through two segments: Brazil and International. The Company operates in Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico. The Brazil segment consists of retail sales of consumer products from all of its verticals (which includes sales of sporting goods and related garments, as well as fashion and beauty goods) carried out through its sites Netshoes.com.br and Zattini.com.br and third-party sites that it manages, as well as its business to business offline operation. Receive News & Ratings for Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Toastmasters District 18 Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Toastmasters District 18: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: Highly Prized Leadership Skills Celebrated by Polished Professionals 2016 Toastmasters impromptu speaking champion, Pearl Matibe to be keynote speaker on May 13, 2017. Newark, DE, May 12, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Nearly one-third of all Fortune 500 companies now offer in-house Toastmasters clubs to help employees become better communicators and leaders. Industry giants such as Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Siemens Glasgow, Capital One and AstraZeneca to name a few, have found the Toastmasters International program to be an impressive, strikingly effective staff development tool that benefits their organization in a meaningful way. Pearl Matibe, the 2016 District 18 Toastmasters impromptu speaking champion said: “In the age of texting, email and social media, strong communication and high performance leadership skills remain highly prized by employers, which makes Toastmasters' learning program all the more valuable; it helps employees become better speakers and leaders. In this Polished Professionals Toastmasters club community members, job seekers, millennials and tenured folks looking to drive their careers further, have the best prospects of success by joining as Toastmaster members.” She will deliver the keynote address – Leader in You. “The organization's mission of empowering speakers and leaders remains as relevant today as in 1924 when Toastmasters International was founded by Ralph Smedley,” said Pearl Matibe as these accomplished leaders celebrate the Leader in You. Pearl highlighted: “Polished Professionals Toastmasters have come a long way continuing to build on their Smedley's vision as it grows both locally in Newark and across Delaware.” She fondly quoted Smedley’s words: “We learn best in moments of enjoyment.” In the last two years, this active group of leaders meeting regularly in Newark, Delaware, have brought Toastmasters Polished Professionals from strength to amazing strength with continued positive net growth in membership. All this in a district with in excess of 120 active clubs. This local growth of both corporate and community members has stemmed from companies seeing the value in having employees with the ability to communicate and gain effective high performance leadership. Pearl also said, “With graduation season underway, commencement speakers are giving students one last lesson before entering the work force. The most effective speakers share their own life experiences and offer the graduates and their families 15 minutes of uplifting, often humorous and personal observations about what it takes to succeed in life. So many of us choose our path with some hope for our future. What we really want seems impossibly out of reach and ridiculous to expect, so we never dare to ask the universe for it. Toastmasters helps you build your communication and leadership for a successful future.” Toastmasters International has helped millions of men and women learn to speak with confidence and poise in front of audiences. She added that Juanita McGhee, Leader in You Planning Chair, and her wonderful event planning team are extending an invitation to the public to join them Saturday May 13th, 10:15 a.m., at Siemens Glasgow’s 100 GBC/Building 700 Auditorium, 700 Gbc Drive, Newark, Delaware 19702. About Polished Professionals Advanced Toastmasters Club Chartered in April 2015, Polished Professionals draws its members from the entire state of Delaware, parts of Maryland and Pennsylvania improving their communication and leadership skills. About Toastmasters International Toastmasters International is a worldwide nonprofit educational organization that empowers individuals to become more effective communicators and leaders. Headquartered in Rancho Santa Margarita, Calif., the organization's membership exceeds 345,000 in more than 15,900 clubs in 142 countries. Since 1924, Toastmasters International has helped people from diverse backgrounds become more confident speakers, communicators and leaders. Contact Information Toastmasters District 18 Pearl Matibe 443-926-2190 Contact http://www.toastmasters-d18.org/ Attached Files Highly Prized Leadership Skills Celebrated by Polished Professionals 2016 Toastmasters impromptu speaking champion, Pearl Matibe to be keynote speaker on May 13, 2017. Nearly one-third of all Fortune 500 companies now offer in-house Toastmasters clubs to help employees become better communicators and leaders.Filename: ForImmediateReleaseToastmaste.doc Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Toastmasters District 18 Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: May 13, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Budget 2017 Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mantech International Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mantech International Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Commerce Bank Has $459,000 Position in Vectren Corp (VVC) Xactly Corp (XTLY) CFO Joseph C. Consul Sells 6,666 Shares of Stock Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) Stake Increased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC Nevsun Resources (NSU) Director Anne Elizabeth Giardini Purchases 30,000 Shares of Stock Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Anthem Inc (ANTM) Denver Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Orion Engineered Carbons SA (OEC) Now Covered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $11.766 Million Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) First Washington CORP Maintains Stake in Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Commerce Bank Sells 2,940 Shares of CEB Inc. (CEB) Symphony Asset Management LLC Invests $513,000 in Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Shares Bought by Commerce Bank CM Finance Inc (CMFN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS BroadVision, Inc. (BVSN) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Papa Murphy's Holdings Inc (FRSH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.11 EPS Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Tableau Software (DATA) Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.08 Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Metro Ag (MEO3) Investors Title Company (ITIC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $11.766 Million Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Denver Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) by 11.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 339,762 shares of the technology company’s stock after buying an additional 35,322 shares during the period. Denver Investment Advisors LLC owned approximately 0.88% of Mantech International Corp worth $11,766,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 18.8% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 29,050 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $1,095,000 after buying an additional 4,600 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 6.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 368,721 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $13,896,000 after buying an additional 22,720 shares in the last quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 4.1% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 304,490 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $11,476,000 after buying an additional 12,039 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 144.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 57,028 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $2,149,000 after buying an additional 33,675 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Mantech International Corp by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,016,881 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $76,016,000 after buying an additional 174,885 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 62.93% of the company’s stock. Shares of Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) traded down 1.42% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $38.31. The company had a trading volume of 79,271 shares. Mantech International Corp has a 52 week low of $32.73 and a 52 week high of $45.52. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $35.57 and a 200 day moving average of $38.98. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.44 and a beta of 1.35. Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The technology company reported $0.39 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.35 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $418.37 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $402.15 million. Mantech International Corp had a return on equity of 4.70% and a net margin of 3.51%. On average, analysts anticipate that Mantech International Corp will post $1.50 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 23rd. Investors of record on Friday, June 9th will be issued a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.19%. Mantech International Corp’s payout ratio is 28.19%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/denver-investment-advisors-llc-has-11-766-million-position-in-mantech-international-corp-mant.html. A number of brokerages have weighed in on MANT. Maxim Group upgraded Mantech International Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Mantech International Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Jefferies Group LLC restated an “underperform” rating and issued a $30.00 target price on shares of Mantech International Corp in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. TheStreet lowered Mantech International Corp from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co upgraded Mantech International Corp from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. Mantech International Corp currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $40.00. In other Mantech International Corp news, insider L. William Varner sold 12,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.18, for a total transaction of $452,250.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 12,500 shares in the company, valued at $452,250. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, COO Kevin M. Phillips sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.96, for a total value of $539,400.00. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 32,656 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,174,309.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 22.28% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Mantech International Corp Company Profile ManTech International Corporation provides technologies and solutions for national security programs for the intelligence community; the departments of Defense, State, Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, Veteran Affairs and Justice, including the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI); the space community, and other the United States Government customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MANT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mantech International Corp (NASDAQ:MANT). Receive News & Ratings for Mantech International Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mantech International Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Corrine Brown - Fraud Former U.S. Representative Corrine Brown is facing possible life in prison after she was found guilty of taking money from a charity that purportedly gave scholarships to students who were poor. The verdict on Thursday came after a pattern of fraud had been established by prosecutors of both Brown and a top aide that included […] Continue Reading President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI May 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: James Comey Fired - Trump Fires Comey On Tuesday, James B Comey was fired as the FBI Director by President Donald Trump, after officials in the Department of Justice recommended the firing. Officials said Comey had treated Hillary Clinton unfairly and by doing so had damaged the Justice Department and FBI credibility. The surprising development arrives as Comey was heading up an […] Continue Reading White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Healthcare Vote - Republicans to be Rewarded One of President Donald Trump’s top aides said that members of the Republican Party would be rewarded for what he called doing what is right by voting for overhauling a collapsing and failing healthcare system. At the same time, Democrats as well as one or more outside groups have started to lay the groundwork for […] Continue Reading Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Churches and Politics - Trump Executve Order On Thursday, President Donald Trump signed another executive order, with this one making it easier for the participation in politics by churches. The order seeks to deliver on one of the pledges he made during his campaign to a group that overwhelmingly gave him support in last November’s election. The executive order, which was unveiled […] Continue Reading Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Betsy DeVos - Voucher Program The Advocacy and Lobbying group the American Federation for Children founded by Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos’ billionaire family is a 501(c)(4) group that calls itself the leading school choice organization in the nation. According to its official website it is also affiliated with the political committee American Federation for Children Action Fund that supports […] Continue Reading Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown May 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Congress Save Shutdown - Shutdown Avoided Bipartisan leaders in Congress reached an agreement last Sunday to fund the U.S. government through the end of the fiscal year in September, effectively bringing to an end any suspense related to a possible shutdown of the government next weekend. A vote still must be taken by all members of Congress, but the agreement includes […] Continue Reading President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier April 28th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - President Is Not Easy Reflecting on his first 100 days as the U.S. President that has seen no big legislative victory and very low approval ratings, Donald Trump said during a Thursday interview that he thought his job as president would be easier. Trump said he loved his previous life and had many things that were taking place, but […] Continue Reading Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling April 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Judge Blocks Order - Sanctuary Cities Three times in just two months a federal judge knocked down an executive order related to immigration by President Donald Trump. This time he used Trump’s own comments against him. On Tuesday, in his ruling Judge William Orrick used a quote of Trump as support for his decision to put a block on the executive […] Continue Reading Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Border Wall - Government Shutdown Battles over finding money to pay the construction of a U.S./Mexico border wall, the Obamacare subsidies and more resources for U.S. military threaten to be problematic for congressional negotiations over the funding bill that would stave off a shutdown of the government on Friday. Bipartisan negotiators are weeks into working methodically through different issues to […] Continue Reading President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again April 21st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: ACA - ACA Repeal - Obamacare Approaching his 100th day in office without any action taken on Obamacare or the Affordable Care Act, President Donald Trump is back to pushing for a vote on a House bill that would roll back the law established in 2010. However, even as Republicans in the House and White House officials continue discussing possible changes […] Continue Reading Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve April 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: North Korea - Vice President Pence On Monday, United States Vice President Mike Pence warned North Korea it could receive the same treatment as Afghanistan and Syria, both of which the White House bombed recently, if it were to continue with its nuclear testing program. The stern warning, delivered by the vice president in Seoul following his visit to the demilitarized […] Continue Reading Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics April 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Economy - Headlines - Politics Tags: Trump Changes Opinion - Trump on Yuan The economic policy announcements by President Donald Trump this week have been nothing short of back and forth, twisting and turning and flipping and flopping. From the currency manipulation by the Chinese to his choice as the Federal Reserve head, Trump has contradicted statements he made while on the presidential campaign trail. By doing so, […] Continue Reading Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants April 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration Tags: Immigrants Help Economy - US Economy In a letter sent to President Donald Trump and top leaders in Congress on Wednesday, close to 1,500 economists outlined the benefits brought into the U.S. economy by immigrants and urged the U.S. Congress to modernize the immigration system in the country. The letter stated that immigration was one of the significant competitive advantages the […] Continue Reading White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform April 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Tax Reform - Trump Tax Reform President Donald Trump has returned to square one with his tax reform as he seeks wide-ranging support from Republicans beyond legislation to give the tax systems an overhaul. Officials in the White House said that it was now unlikely an overhaul in taxes would meet the deadline of August set by Secretary Mnuchin. The Trump […] Continue Reading Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter April 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Trump Critic - Twitter Sues Government Twitter on Thursday filed a lawsuit to block that order it received from Homeland Security seeking the microblogging site to reveal its user of an account that has been very critical of the immigration policies of President Donald Trump’s administration. Tweets from account – @ALT_uscis – seem to indicate it is operated by a person […] Continue Reading Susan Rice Denies leaking Names of Officials in Intelligence Reports April 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Russian Interference - Susan Rice Former national security adviser under President Barack Obama Susan Rice said on Tuesday she absolutely never looked to uncover names of Trump campaign and transition officials for political purposes who were concealed in intercepts by intelligence and said suggestions she leaked their identities were completely false. Rice said she did not leak anything to anybody […] Continue Reading Senate Facing Showdown over Nomination of Neil Gorsuch April 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Court Nominee - FIlibuster - Senate The Supreme Court nomination of Neil Gorsuch faces its most dramatic week to date as senators are preparing to make important votes that could cause a splintering of the chamber and a divisive change in the rules imposed by the Republicans that would ensure that by Friday they can confirm him to the high court. […] Continue Reading Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Immunity - Michael Flynn Former national security adviser to President Donald Trump, Michael Flynn, is seeking immunity to give testimony on the alleged meddling by Russia in the November election, said his lawyers. One of his attorneys said Flynn has a story to tell however he needs to guard against any unfair prosecution. The allegations are being investigated by […] Continue Reading Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come March 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Climate Change Rollback - Trump Climate Change Opponents of the decision by President Donald Trump to rollback policies of climate change put in place by former President Barack Obama say they are going to organize a campaign to pursue legal means to challenge it. New York and California issued one joint statement that said they were continuing to fight climate change. Environmental […] Continue Reading President Trump Creating American Innovation Office March 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: American Innovative Office - President Trump President Donald Trump on Monday will unveil a new agency in the White House named the Office of American Innovation that will be run by Jared Kushner his son-in-law. The agency will have extensive powers of overhauling procedures at a federal level and possibly privatize certain responsibilities now held by the government, through collective ideas […] Continue Reading Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy March 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Partisan Vote - Privacy Regulations Lawmakers from the GOP moved on Thursday to tear down landmark protections covering Internet privacy for consumers in a first decisive strike against technology and telecommunications regulations created under the Barack Obama administration and what is looked at as the beginning of more deregulation. In a vote of 50-48 that was partisan voting, the Republican […] Continue Reading Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration March 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Sanctuary Cities - Trump and Sanctuary Cities On Monday, the Department of Homeland Security released its initial report to the public that names counties that refused to honor requests by the federal government to detain those who are suspected of violating the U.S. immigration laws. DHS’ Immigration and Custom Enforcement or ICE issued almost 3,100 requests of that kind from January 28 […] Continue Reading FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: FBI - FBI Director Testimony FBI Director James Comey and Head of National Security Agency Michael Rogers will testify Monday on the conclusion reached by the intelligence community that Russia interfered win the presidential election of 2016, and they will face questions related to possible collusion between the Kremlin and associates of current President Donald Trump. The hearing will be […] Continue Reading Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson March 15th, 2017 - 1 comment - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Conservative Media - Rex Tillerson - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the U.S. Secretary of State is on a trip to Asia accompanied by just one reporter, a correspondent at the White House from IJR the Independent Journal Review, on online outlet that was founded during 2012 by former political operatives who are Republican. In a prepared statement, the IJR announced on Tuesday that […] Continue Reading Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping March 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: John McCain - Wiretapping On Sunday, Arizona Senator John McCain said that President Donald Trump should substantiate or retract the claim he made that he was wire-tapped by President Barack Obama during the final weeks of Trump’s presidential campaign prior to his election to the White House. McCain also said he expects there will be more to come related […] Continue Reading Older Entries Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northcoast Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) NCI Inc (NCIT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Dmc Global Inc (BOOM) Short Interest Down 6.9% in April Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Noodles & Co (NDLS) Decreased by Wedbush Zacks Investment Research Downgrades MDU Resources Group Inc (MDU) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nantkwest Inc (NK) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Numerex Corp. (NMRX) to Sell Pandora Media Inc (P) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.46) Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Pandora Media Inc Lifted by Oppenheimer Holdings (P) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Primoris Services Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PRIM) Meet Group Inc (MEET) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Mimecast Ltd (MIME) to Strong Sell Aptose Biosciences Inc (APTO) Short Interest Update Traders Buy JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) on Weakness on Insider Selling Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Shawcor Ltd Issued By Cormark (SCL) Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Traders Buy Macy's Inc (M) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Egalet Corp (EGLT) Shares Down 8.3% on Disappointing Earnings © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Geopark Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Geopark Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Geopark Ltd (GPRK) to Hold Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Director Gary B. Abromovitz Sells 3,000 Shares Control4 Corp (CTRL) Insider Greg Bishop Sells 21,143 Shares Triumph Gold Corp (TIG) Insider Acquires C$20,200.00 in Stock Stevens Capital Management LP Takes Position in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Stevens Capital Management LP Cuts Stake in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Position Reduced by Stevens Capital Management LP Stevens Capital Management LP Purchases New Stake in Univar Inc (UNVR) Lyell Wealth Management LP Raises Position in Vantiv Inc (VNTV) UDR, Inc. (UDR) Stake Held by FCA Corp TX Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact MGIC Investment Corp. (MTG) Stock Price Ebix (EBIX) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.32 CarMax (KMX) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Target Price at $25.20 Analysts Anticipate Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) to Announce $0.24 EPS Analysts Expect Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) to Announce $0.57 Earnings Per Share Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $62 Million Stake in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Geopark Ltd (GPRK) to Hold May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Geopark Ltd (NYSE:GPRK) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Friday. According to Zacks, “GeoPark Ltd is an explorer, operator and consolidator of oil and gas. The company operates primarily in Chile, Colombia, Brazil and Argentina. GeoPark Ltd is based in Hamilton, Bermuda. “ Several other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. TheStreet raised Geopark from a “d” rating to a “c-” rating in a report on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Geopark from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, March 13th. Geopark (NYSE:GPRK) traded up 0.41% during trading on Friday, reaching $7.34. The company had a trading volume of 98,006 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $7.19 and a 200-day moving average of $5.52. The firm’s market capitalization is $439.96 million. Geopark has a 52-week low of $2.18 and a 52-week high of $8.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/zacks-investment-research-lowers-geopark-ltd-gprk-to-hold.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Renaissance Technologies LLC boosted its position in Geopark by 83.7% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 637,500 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $4,577,000 after buying an additional 290,411 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Stanley boosted its position in Geopark by 201.7% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 111,318 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $799,000 after buying an additional 74,418 shares in the last quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC bought a new position in Geopark during the first quarter valued at about $225,000. Emancipation Management LLC bought a new position in Geopark during the first quarter valued at about $1,579,000. Finally, Investec Asset Management LTD bought a new position in Geopark during the first quarter valued at about $177,000. 40.73% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Geopark (GPRK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Geopark Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Geopark Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zix Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zix Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc (FRGI) Director Brian P. Friedman Purchases 12,087 Shares Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) SVP Thomas G. Dagger Sells 8,000 Shares Halcon Resources Co. (HK) Major Shareholder Franklin Resources Inc Sells 31,341 Shares of Stock Zix Co. (ZIXI) Director Richard Spurr Sells 33,060 Shares of Stock Sprott Inc. Purchases Shares of 37,500 Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Longview Partners Guernsey LTD Lowers Stake in Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Shares Bought by Norinchukin Bank The Norinchukin Bank The Has $835,000 Position in Textron Inc. (TXT) Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Position Boosted by Norinchukin Bank The Norinchukin Bank The Has $299,000 Position in Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) Position Increased by Norinchukin Bank The PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Shares Sold by Norinchukin Bank The Control4 Corp (CTRL) Getting Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Myers Industries (MYE) Earns News Impact Score of 0.27 Garmin (GRMN) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 Zacks: Brokerages Expect OvaScience Inc (OVAS) to Post -$0.44 Earnings Per Share Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect HB Fuller Co (FUL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.67 Per Share Zacks Investment Research Lowers Geopark Ltd (GPRK) to Hold Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Director Gary B. Abromovitz Sells 3,000 Shares Zix Co. (ZIXI) Director Richard Spurr Sells 33,060 Shares of Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Zix Co. (NASDAQ:ZIXI) Director Richard Spurr sold 33,060 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.62, for a total value of $185,797.20. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 60,525 shares in the company, valued at approximately $340,150.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Richard Spurr also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, May 8th, Richard Spurr sold 151,045 shares of Zix stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.53, for a total value of $835,278.85. On Thursday, May 4th, Richard Spurr sold 53,500 shares of Zix stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.53, for a total value of $295,855.00. On Tuesday, May 2nd, Richard Spurr sold 116,010 shares of Zix stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $5.57, for a total value of $646,175.70. Shares of Zix Co. (NASDAQ:ZIXI) traded down 0.18% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $5.47. The stock had a trading volume of 280,512 shares. The company has a market cap of $291.32 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 49.73 and a beta of 1.37. Zix Co. has a 52 week low of $3.61 and a 52 week high of $5.99. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $5.13 and its 200 day moving average price is $4.86. Zix (NASDAQ:ZIXI) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The software maker reported $0.03 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.06 by $0.03. Zix had a net margin of 9.70% and a return on equity of 18.95%. The business had revenue of $15.89 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $15.70 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.06 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 10.9% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Zix Co. will post $0.28 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/zix-co-zixi-director-richard-spurr-sells-33060-shares-of-stock.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Zix by 491.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 165,231 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $677,000 after buying an additional 137,287 shares in the last quarter. SECOR Capital Advisors LP raised its position in Zix by 95.8% in the third quarter. SECOR Capital Advisors LP now owns 107,668 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $441,000 after buying an additional 52,692 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Zix by 65.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 57,191 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $235,000 after buying an additional 22,560 shares in the last quarter. WFG Advisors LP raised its position in Zix by 3,694.3% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 42,117 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $2,525,000 after buying an additional 41,007 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. raised its position in Zix by 10.0% in the first quarter. Thomson Horstmann & Bryant Inc. now owns 1,352,797 shares of the software maker’s stock worth $6,506,000 after buying an additional 122,980 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 65.31% of the company’s stock. Separately, Imperial Capital restated an “outperform” rating and set a $6.00 price objective (up previously from $5.50) on shares of Zix in a report on Monday, February 27th. About Zix Zix Corporation offers e-mail encryption, data loss prevention and bring-your-own-device (BYOD) security to meet business data protection and compliance needs. The Company operates through e-mail encryption and security solutions. Its Zix Email Encryption enables the secure exchange of e-mails that include sensitive information through a secure messaging service. Receive News & Ratings for Zix Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zix Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News -$0.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) This Quarter Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Stake Reduced by State of Tennessee Treasury Department 110,067 Shares in WESCO International, Inc. (WCC) Acquired by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Boosts Stake in Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Sells 1,190 Shares of Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Stake Increased by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Purchases 208,461 Shares of Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Position Cut by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Has $106 Million Position in ITT Inc. (ITT) Thai Fund Inc. (TTF) Major Shareholder City Of London Investment Grou Sells 55,000 Shares of Stock DST Systems, Inc. (DST) VP Jonathan J. Boehm Sells 5,000 Shares Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Insider Steven R. Roth Sells 28,000 Shares of Stock Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Forum Energy Technologies (FET) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Stock Price Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Spectrum Brands Holdings (SPB) Stock Price Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Fluidigm Co. (FLDM) to Sell FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Purchases 112,116 Shares of Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Armor Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 2,505 Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) -$0.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) This Quarter May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts expect Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:IRWD) to report earnings of ($0.22) per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals’ earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at ($0.16) and the lowest estimate coming in at ($0.31). Ironwood Pharmaceuticals reported earnings of ($0.16) per share during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 37.5%. The firm is scheduled to issue its next earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Ironwood Pharmaceuticals will report full year earnings of ($0.83) per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($1.27) to ($0.14). For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of ($0.27) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($0.50) to $0.12. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of analysts that cover Ironwood Pharmaceuticals. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.33) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.19) by $0.14. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals had a negative return on equity of 94.17% and a negative net margin of 34.29%. The firm had revenue of $52.16 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $69.39 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.08) EPS. The company’s revenue was down 21.0% on a year-over-year basis. A number of research firms have commented on IRWD. Cowen and Company set a $16.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Wedbush reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $13.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Tuesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $21.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co began coverage on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $22.00 price objective for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $18.20. Shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) traded up 3.77% on Friday, hitting $18.17. 1,582,369 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $2.70 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $16.45 and its 200 day moving average is $15.90. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $10.22 and a 12-month high of $18.53. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/0-22-earnings-per-share-expected-for-ironwood-pharmaceuticals-inc-irwd-this-quarter.html. In other news, insider Halley E. Gilbert sold 37,385 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.75, for a total transaction of $626,198.75. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 37,385 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $626,198.75. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 7.17% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Chicago Equity Partners LLC purchased a new position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at about $1,371,000. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at about $311,000. Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals by 51.4% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 57,451 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $912,000 after buying an additional 19,500 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals by 1.9% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 75,785 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $1,203,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the period. Finally, Sector Gamma AS increased its position in shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals by 10.8% in the third quarter. Sector Gamma AS now owns 1,960,548 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $27,801,000 after buying an additional 191,180 shares during the period. 96.01% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biotechnology company. The Company is advancing product opportunities in areas of unmet need, including irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS C), and chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC), hyperuricemia associated with uncontrolled gout, uncontrolled gastroesophageal reflux disease (uncontrolled GERD), and vascular and fibrotic diseases. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Londonmetric Property PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Expect American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Analysts Set Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Price Target at $58.43 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Receives $35.60 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages Knight Therapeutics Inc (GUD) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Workday Inc (WDAY) Stake Decreased by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Shares Sold by Pzena Investment Management LLC Traders Sell Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) on Strength After Analyst Downgrade Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 71,059 Myokardia Inc (MYOK) SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Stake Raised by Ameriprise Financial Inc. TFS Capital LLC Takes Position in Akebia Therapeutics Inc (AKBA) Konami Holdings Corp (KNM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 SP Plus Corp (SP) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.41 Paramount Group (PGRE) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.42 ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows RMP Energy Inc (RMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Stake Decreased by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Cuts Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) have earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the seven analysts that are covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 162.86 ($2.11). A number of research analysts have recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 175 ($2.26) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 155 ($2.00) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC from GBX 160 ($2.07) to GBX 170 ($2.20) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 150 ($1.94) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Peel Hunt reissued an “add” rating and issued a GBX 170 ($2.20) price objective on shares of Londonmetric Property PLC in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Londonmetric Property PLC (LON:LMP) traded up 0.48% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 167.80. 1,837,690 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 163.57 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 152.87. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.05 billion. Londonmetric Property PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 133.90 and a 12-month high of GBX 170.00. The business also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 18th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 16th were paid a dividend of GBX 1.80 ($0.02) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 16th. In related news, insider Andrew Livingston bought 32,895 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 23rd. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 152 ($1.97) per share, for a total transaction of £50,000.40 ($64,666.84). TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/londonmetric-property-plc-lmp-receives-gbx-162-86-average-pt-from-brokerages.html. About Londonmetric Property PLC LondonMetric Property Plc is a property investment and development company. The Company’s segments include Retail, Distribution, Offices, Residential and Development. The Company is involved in retailer-led distribution, out of town and convenience retail. The Company’s portfolio includes distribution and retail businesses across the United Kingdom. Receive News & Ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Londonmetric Property PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Konami Holdings Corp (KNM) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.39 SP Plus Corp (SP) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.41 Paramount Group (PGRE) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.42 ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows RMP Energy Inc (RMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Stake Decreased by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Cuts Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Dunkin Brands Group Inc (DNKN) Stake Reduced by Texas Permanent School Fund Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Cuts Stake in Energen Co. (EGN) Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 88,950 Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund Ascential PLC (ASCL) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Continues to Hold Stake in Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Caldwell & Orkin Inc. Sells 40,600 Shares of T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Camden National Bank Sells 2,316 Shares of BCE Inc. (BCE) LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Position Raised by Texas Permanent School Fund Insider Buying: Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Director Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) have trended positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. ING Groep NV earned a news sentiment score of 0.40 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news headlines about the financial services provider an impact score of 14 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment’s scoring: Should You Expect ING Groep NV (ING) To Continue Delivering An ROE Of 9.9%? (simplywall.st) ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €18.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC (hoyentv.com) Saving/Exporting Overwatch Highlights Is Still Coming, Gun Game Mode a Possibility (gizpress.com) You Can Expect More Details on Overwatch Highlight Saving “Early this Summer” (emfizz.com) ING Groep NV (ING) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS (americanbankingnews.com) A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on ING shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Jefferies Group LLC assumed coverage on shares of ING Groep NV in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ING Groep NV from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Societe Generale lowered shares of ING Groep NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, January 13th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $17.00. Shares of ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) traded up 0.48% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $16.76. 2,128,015 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $15.59 and its 200-day moving average price is $14.56. ING Groep NV has a 12-month low of $9.26 and a 12-month high of $17.35. The firm has a market capitalization of $66.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.26 and a beta of 1.38. ING Groep NV (NYSE:ING) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The financial services provider reported $0.32 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.30 by $0.02. ING Groep NV had a net margin of 26.72% and a return on equity of 9.73%. The firm had revenue of $4.68 billion during the quarter. Equities research analysts predict that ING Groep NV will post $0.90 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “ING Groep NV (ING) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/ing-groep-nv-ing-getting-positive-news-coverage-analysis-shows.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RMP Energy Inc (RMP) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Stake Decreased by Texas Permanent School Fund Texas Permanent School Fund Cuts Position in Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Dunkin Brands Group Inc (DNKN) Stake Reduced by Texas Permanent School Fund Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Cuts Stake in Energen Co. (EGN) Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 88,950 Shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Reinsurance Group of America Inc (RGA) Shares Sold by Texas Permanent School Fund Ascential PLC (ASCL) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Continues to Hold Stake in Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) Caldwell & Orkin Inc. Sells 40,600 Shares of T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Camden National Bank Sells 2,316 Shares of BCE Inc. (BCE) LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Position Raised by Texas Permanent School Fund Insider Buying: Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) Director Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) First NBC Bank Holding Company (FNBC) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Shoe Carnival (SCVL) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Progenics Pharmaceuticals (PGNX) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Precision Drilling Corp (PDS) Stock Price Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) has received an average recommendation of “Buy” from the twelve brokerages that are currently covering the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and ten have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1 year target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is €5.80 ($6.30). A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the stock. Nord/LB set a €6.00 ($6.52) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday. S&P Global set a €6.00 ($6.52) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €6.50 ($7.07) target price on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €6.10 ($6.63) target price on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €4.80 ($5.22) target price on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. WARNING: “Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/nokia-oyj-nokia-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Nokia Oyj Company Profile Nokia Corporation is engaged in the network and Internet protocol (IP) infrastructure, software, and related services market. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Ultra Broadband Networks, IP Networks and Applications, and Nokia Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JetBlue Airways Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Micron Technology (MU) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Prosperity Bancshares (PB) Stock Price ServiceNow (NOW) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.12 JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Endurance Wealth Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Opus Capital Group LLC Has $297,000 Position in Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Sei Investments Co. Has $12.321 Million Position in Kinross Gold Co. (KGC) Opus Capital Group LLC Invests $305,000 in Grupo Aeroportr dl Pcfco SAB de CV (PAC) First Eagle Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Sei Investments Co. Acquires 39,049 Shares of Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Sei Investments Co. Acquires 156,424 Shares of Ally Financial Inc (ALLY) Opus Capital Group LLC Has $272,000 Stake in Access National Co. (ANCX) Taubman Centers, Inc. (TCO) Position Decreased by Sei Investments Co. Opus Capital Group LLC Has $314,000 Position in Owens Corning (OC) $0.48 EPS Expected for Sonic Automotive Inc (SAH) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Expect Koppers Holdings Inc. (KOP) to Announce $0.92 Earnings Per Share Raymond J. Sims Sells 30,166 Shares of Financial Engines Inc (FNGN) Stock Sun Coal & Coke Llc Acquires 84,300 Shares of SunCoke Energy Partners LP (SXCP) Stock PHH Co. (PHH) Major Shareholder Silver Point Capital L.P. Sells 107,299 Shares James E. Evans Sells 20,623 Shares of American Financial Group Inc (AFG) Stock JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) have trended somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research firm, a division of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. JetBlue Airways earned a media sentiment score of 0.16 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news headlines about the transportation company an impact score of 82 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is very likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s scoring: JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.50 Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) Drilling Down into the numbers for JetBlue Airways Corporation (NasdaqGS:JBLU) – Lenox Ledger (lenoxledger.com) Blog Coverage: JetBlue Announced April Results; Reported Net Traffic Surge of 8.2% (finance.yahoo.com) The Zacks Analyst Blog Highlights: American Airlines Group, Southwest Airlines, United Continental Holdings, Spirit Airlines and JetBlue Airways (finance.yahoo.com) JetBlue Airways (JBLU) April Traffic Rises 8.2%, Capacity Up (finance.yahoo.com) Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Imperial Capital lifted their price objective on shares of JetBlue Airways from $29.00 to $31.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Vetr downgraded shares of JetBlue Airways from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $24.64 price objective for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Cowen and Company lifted their price objective on shares of JetBlue Airways from $23.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of JetBlue Airways from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $21.42 to $27.00 in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Wolfe Research downgraded shares of JetBlue Airways from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating, four have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $24.58. JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) traded down 1.62% on Friday, reaching $21.23. 4,019,042 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $21.17 and a 200 day moving average price of $20.57. The stock has a market capitalization of $7.08 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.37 and a beta of 0.26. JetBlue Airways has a 52 week low of $14.76 and a 52 week high of $23.15. JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The transportation company reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.01. JetBlue Airways had a net margin of 11.31% and a return on equity of 20.64%. The company had revenue of $1.60 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.62 billion. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.61 EPS. JetBlue Airways’s revenue for the quarter was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that JetBlue Airways will post $1.86 earnings per share for the current year. In other news, EVP James G. Hnat sold 9,127 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.41, for a total value of $186,282.07. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 26,932 shares in the company, valued at approximately $549,682.12. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Robin Hayes sold 2,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.18, for a total transaction of $40,360.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 386,118 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,791,861.24. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 33,367 shares of company stock worth $698,856 over the last three months. 0.70% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/jetblue-airways-jblu-earns-daily-news-impact-score-of-0-16.html. JetBlue Airways Company Profile JetBlue Airways Corporation is a passenger carrier company. The Company provides air transportation services across the United States, the Caribbean and Latin America. Its segments include Domestic, and Caribbean & Latin America. It operates various kinds of aircrafts, including Airbus A321, Airbus A320 and Embraer E190. Receive News & Ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JetBlue Airways Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pentair plc. Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.35 British Columbia Investment Management Corp Boosts Stake in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) World Asset Management Inc Buys 4,087 Shares of Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Trust Co. of Virginia VA Has $6.619 Million Position in Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Trust Co. of Virginia VA Continues to Hold Stake in Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Morse Asset Management Inc Purchases Shares of 116,455 NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) World Asset Management Inc Boosts Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) IDT (IDT) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact International Bancshares Corp (IBOC) Share Price Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Copart (CPRT) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Baxter International Inc (BAX) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.57 Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Expect Avista Corp (AVA) Will Announce Earnings of $0.33 Per Share Zacks: Gazit Globe Ltd (GZT) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages Welbilt Inc (WBT) Forecasted to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.90 Per Share FY2018 EPS Estimates for Haemonetics Co. (HAE) Raised by Analyst Penns Woods Bancorp, Inc. (PWOD) CEO Buys $19,655.00 in Stock Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (MPB) Director Purchases $13,450.00 in Stock Insider Buying: National Grid plc (NG) Insider Purchases £145.18 in Stock Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc Has $201,000 Stake in AES Corp (AES) Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.35 May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) announced a quarterly dividend on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, July 21st will be given a dividend of 0.345 per share by the industrial products company on Friday, August 4th. This represents a $1.38 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.13%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, July 19th. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share has increased its dividend by an average of 11.8% per year over the last three years and has raised its dividend annually for the last 40 consecutive years. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share has a payout ratio of 39.2% meaning its dividend is sufficiently covered by earnings. Equities research analysts expect Pentair plc. Ordinary Share to earn $3.98 per share next year, which means the company should continue to be able to cover its $1.38 annual dividend with an expected future payout ratio of 34.7%. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) traded down 0.65% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $64.64. The stock had a trading volume of 812,059 shares. The firm has a market cap of $11.78 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.53 and a beta of 1.45. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share has a 1-year low of $53.80 and a 1-year high of $69.03. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $63.47 and a 200-day moving average of $59.65. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (NYSE:PNR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The industrial products company reported $0.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.04. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share had a return on equity of 14.89% and a net margin of 9.15%. The business had revenue of $1.18 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.14 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.76 EPS. The firm’s revenue was down .5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Pentair plc. Ordinary Share will post $3.51 EPS for the current fiscal year. PNR has been the topic of several recent research reports. Royal Bank of Canada raised their price target on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from $66.00 to $70.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their price target for the stock from $56.00 to $68.00 in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Vertical Research upgraded Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus raised their price objective on Pentair plc. Ordinary Share from $63.00 to $64.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $64.08. In related news, VP Angela D. Jilek sold 1,367 shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total transaction of $88,855.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 33,262 shares in the company, valued at $2,162,030. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, Chairman Randall J. Hogan sold 110,325 shares of Pentair plc. Ordinary Share stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total value of $7,171,125.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 198,111 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,877,215. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 118,853 shares of company stock valued at $7,725,445 in the last quarter. 2.30% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/pentair-plc-ordinary-share-pnr-to-issue-quarterly-dividend-of-0-35.html. Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Company Profile Pentair, Inc (Pentair) is a focused diversified industrial manufacturing company. The Company operates in two segments: Water & Fluid Solutions and Technical Products. Water & Fluid Solutions is providing products and systems used worldwide in the movement, storage and treatment of water. Technical Products is engaged in the global enclosures and thermal management markets, designing and manufacturing standard, modified and custom enclosures that house and protect sensitive electronics and electrical components and protect the people that use them. Receive News & Ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pentair plc. Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SYSCO Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SYSCO (SYY) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Northrop Grumman (NOC) Share Price Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Cree (CREE) Stock Price SandRidge Energy (SD) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Luminex (LMNX) Stock Price Old Point Financial (OPOF) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.19 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.39 Per Share Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.91 Per Share -$0.24 EPS Expected for Retrophin Inc (RTRX) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Will Announce Earnings of $0.55 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) to Post -$0.19 Earnings Per Share Gener8 Maritime Inc Expected to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.91 Per Share (GNRT) Barrington Research Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Sparton Co. (SPA) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Maintains Stake in Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Desjardins Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Alaris Royalty Corp. (AD) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.809 Million Position in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Boosts Stake in Lear Co. (LEA) Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Sells 1,689 Shares of Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) 242,755 Shares in Centene Corp (CNC) Acquired by Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Invests $613,000 in AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) SYSCO (SYY) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about SYSCO (NYSE:SYY) has been trending positive on Friday, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. SYSCO earned a coverage optimism score of 0.26 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media coverage about the company an impact score of 87 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s rankings: (SYY) Stock Rating Upgraded by BMO Capital Markets (ekosvoice.com) Sysco Atlanta Announces Facility Expansion Project and Groundbreaking Ceremony (finance.yahoo.com) Jefferies Group Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for SYSCO Co. (SYY) (americanbankingnews.com) Analysts Anticipate SYSCO Co. (SYY) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $14.16 Billion (americanbankingnews.com) FY2018 EPS Estimates for SYSCO Co. (SYY) Boosted by Analyst (americanbankingnews.com) Several research firms have recently weighed in on SYY. Royal Bank of Canada began coverage on SYSCO in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. They set a “sector perform” rating and a $47.00 price target for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded SYSCO from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $59.00 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded SYSCO from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $57.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Guggenheim reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of SYSCO in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded SYSCO from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $59.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. SYSCO has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $55.94. SYSCO (NYSE:SYY) traded down 1.93% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $53.95. The company had a trading volume of 2,379,592 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $28.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 28.44 and a beta of 0.52. SYSCO has a 52 week low of $47.15 and a 52 week high of $57.07. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $52.76 and a 200 day moving average price of $53.02. SYSCO (NYSE:SYY) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.51 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.51. The business had revenue of $13.52 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $13.14 billion. SYSCO had a return on equity of 40.85% and a net margin of 1.94%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.46 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that SYSCO will post $2.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th were given a $0.33 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.45%. SYSCO’s payout ratio is 71.74%. In other SYSCO news, CEO William J. Delaney III sold 30,000 shares of SYSCO stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $51.96, for a total transaction of $1,558,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 406,725 shares in the company, valued at approximately $21,133,431. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Wayne Shurts sold 15,600 shares of SYSCO stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $51.66, for a total value of $805,896.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 43,176 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,230,472.16. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.81% of the stock is owned by company insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/sysco-syy-earning-positive-press-coverage-analysis-finds.html. About SYSCO Sysco Corporation (Sysco) is a distributor of food and related products primarily to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry. The Company’s segments include Broadline, SYGMA and Other. The Broadline segment includes its Broadline operations located in the Bahamas, Canada, Costa Rica, Ireland, Mexico and the United States. Receive News & Ratings for SYSCO Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SYSCO Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News -$0.24 EPS Expected for Retrophin Inc (RTRX) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Will Announce Earnings of $0.55 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate BioCryst Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (BCRX) to Post -$0.19 Earnings Per Share Gener8 Maritime Inc Expected to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.91 Per Share (GNRT) Barrington Research Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Sparton Co. (SPA) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Maintains Stake in Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd (RCL) Desjardins Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Alaris Royalty Corp. (AD) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.809 Million Position in Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Benjamin F. Edwards & Company Inc. Boosts Stake in Lear Co. (LEA) Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Sells 1,689 Shares of Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) 242,755 Shares in Centene Corp (CNC) Acquired by Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Assenagon Asset Management S.A. Invests $613,000 in AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Smith Asset Management Group LP Has $13.572 Million Position in Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Alder Biopharmaceuticals Inc (ALDR) Stake Maintained by Smith Asset Management Group LP Smith Asset Management Group LP Invests $222,000 in Federated National Holding Co (FNHC) Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CM) Shares Sold by Smith Asset Management Group LP Tamarack-Valley-Energy-Ltd (TVE) Insider Purchases C$21,004.00 in Stock Brenton W. Hatch Sells 19,358 Shares of Profire Energy, Inc. (PFIE) Stock Wajid Ali Sells 555 Shares of Synaptics, Incorporated (SYNA) Stock CMC Markets Plc (CMCX) Insider Purchases £300.08 in Stock Zacks: Analysts Expect Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Will Announce Earnings of $0.55 Per Share May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages forecast that Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (NYSE:SSD) will post $0.55 earnings per share (EPS) for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Two analysts have issued estimates for Simpson Manufacturing Co’s earnings. Simpson Manufacturing Co reported earnings of $0.54 per share during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 1.9%. The business is scheduled to issue its next quarterly earnings results on Thursday, July 27th. On average, analysts expect that Simpson Manufacturing Co will report full year earnings of $1.92 per share for the current financial year. For the next year, analysts expect that the company will report earnings of $2.13 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.10 to $2.16. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS averages are an average based on a survey of research firms that follow Simpson Manufacturing Co. Simpson Manufacturing Co (NYSE:SSD) last released its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The construction company reported $0.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.35 by $0.05. Simpson Manufacturing Co had a net margin of 10.43% and a return on equity of 10.33%. The business had revenue of $219.87 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $210.66 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.34 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 10.2% on a year-over-year basis. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Simpson Manufacturing Co from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co by 46.1% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,470,632 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $63,369,000 after buying an additional 464,356 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new position in shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $18,946,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co by 20.2% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,057,804 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $45,580,000 after buying an additional 177,602 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co by 111.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 336,836 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $14,514,000 after buying an additional 177,527 shares during the period. Finally, Two Sigma Investments LP purchased a new position in shares of Simpson Manufacturing Co during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $5,996,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 83.32% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Expect Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc. (SSD) Will Announce Earnings of $0.55 Per Share” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/zacks-analysts-expect-simpson-manufacturing-co-inc-ssd-will-announce-earnings-of-0-55-per-share.html. Simpson Manufacturing Co (NYSE:SSD) traded down 0.07% on Tuesday, reaching $41.28. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 288,540 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $41.86 and its 200 day moving average price is $43.66. Simpson Manufacturing Co has a 52-week low of $37.06 and a 52-week high of $48.41. The firm has a market cap of $1.97 billion, a PE ratio of 20.63 and a beta of 1.41. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 27th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be given a dividend of $0.21 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. This is a positive change from Simpson Manufacturing Co’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.18. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.03%. Simpson Manufacturing Co’s dividend payout ratio is 38.71%. About Simpson Manufacturing Co Simpson Manufacturing Co, Inc, through its subsidiary, Simpson Strong-Tie Company Inc (SST), designs, engineers and manufactures wood construction products, including connectors, truss plates, fastening systems, fasteners and pre-fabricated lateral systems used in light-frame construction. The Company’s segments are North America, Europe, Asia/Pacific, and Administrative & All Other. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Simpson Manufacturing Co (SSD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Simpson Manufacturing Co Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mistras Group Inc (MG) Earns Market Perform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Richard J. Salute Buys 800 Shares of NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NEWT) Stock Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Buy Rating for Amaya Inc (AYA) AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (AXELF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Noble (NE) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for NxStage Medical (NXTM) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Sells 106,539 Shares of Edison International (EIX) Asset Management Advisors LLC Has $2.552 Million Stake in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Van Strum & Towne Inc. Buys New Stake in Edison International (EIX) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Increases Stake in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Sells 27,497 Shares of Zendesk Inc (ZEN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Sells 20,000 Shares of Xylem Inc (XYL) Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Position Increased by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Nottingham Advisors Inc. Holds Position in Waters Co. (WAT) Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Position Increased by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.884 Million Stake in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Accuvest Global Advisors Purchases Shares of 4,730 Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) CA, Inc. (CA) Stake Reduced by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Position Raised by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $46.116 Million Position in Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (AXELF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (OTC:AXELF)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Friday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Separately, DZ Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $52.00 price target (up previously from $48.00) on shares of AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) in a report on Thursday. AXEL SPRINGER SE NP (OTC:AXELF) remained flat at $48.66 during midday trading on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $48.66 and a 200-day moving average of $48.82. AXEL SPRINGER SE NP has a one year low of $48.66 and a one year high of $57.08. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/axel-springer-se-npvregd-axelf-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Receive News & Ratings for AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northcoast Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) NCI Inc (NCIT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Dmc Global Inc (BOOM) Short Interest Down 6.9% in April Mateon Therapeutics Inc (MATN) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Noodles & Co (NDLS) Decreased by Wedbush Zacks Investment Research Downgrades MDU Resources Group Inc (MDU) to Sell Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Nantkwest Inc (NK) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Numerex Corp. (NMRX) to Sell Pandora Media Inc (P) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.46) Per Share Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Pandora Media Inc Lifted by Oppenheimer Holdings (P) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Primoris Services Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PRIM) Meet Group Inc (MEET) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Mimecast Ltd (MIME) to Strong Sell Aptose Biosciences Inc (APTO) Short Interest Update Traders Buy JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) on Weakness on Insider Selling Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Shawcor Ltd Issued By Cormark (SCL) Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Traders Buy Macy's Inc (M) on Weakness on Disappointing Earnings Egalet Corp (EGLT) Shares Down 8.3% on Disappointing Earnings Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Earns Buy Rating from Cowen and Company May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by equities research analysts at Cowen and Company in a note issued to investors on Thursday. They currently have a $15.00 target price on the stock. Cowen and Company’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 67.04% from the stock’s previous close. CLSD has been the subject of a number of other reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Wedbush reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $28.00 price target on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Friday, February 24th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price target for the company. Finally, Needham & Company LLC lowered their price target on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Clearside Biomedical presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $20.67. Shares of Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) opened at 8.98 on Thursday. The stock’s market cap is $227.19 million. Clearside Biomedical has a 1-year low of $5.44 and a 1-year high of $25.08. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $7.72 and a 200 day moving average of $10.54. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported ($0.41) EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.44) by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $0.01 million for the quarter. Equities research analysts forecast that Clearside Biomedical will post ($1.78) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-receives-buy-rating-from-cowen-and-company.html. In related news, insider Daniel H. White sold 8,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total value of $60,400.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 527,217 shares in the company, valued at $3,980,488.35. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Clay Thorp sold 44,455 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.48, for a total transaction of $332,523.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 283,510 shares of company stock valued at $2,062,895. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in Clearside Biomedical by 25.6% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 16,230 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 3,312 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Clearside Biomedical by 10.8% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 34,823 shares of the company’s stock worth $277,000 after buying an additional 3,404 shares during the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Clearside Biomedical by 30.7% in the first quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 19,257 shares of the company’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 4,527 shares during the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Clearside Biomedical by 6.2% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 96,324 shares of the company’s stock worth $764,000 after buying an additional 5,596 shares during the last quarter. Finally, A.R.T. Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $101,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 33.52% of the company’s stock. Clearside Biomedical Company Profile Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Community Health Systems, Inc. Announces Completion of Tack-on Offering of $900,000,000 of 6.250% Senior Secured Notes Due 2023 FRANKLIN, Tenn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Community Health Systems, Inc. (NYSE: CYH) (the “Company”) today announced that its wholly owned subsidiary CHS/Community Health Systems, Inc. (the “Issuer”) has completed its tack-on offering (the “offering”) of $900,000,000 aggregate principal amount of 6.250% Senior Secured Notes due 2023 at an issue price of 101.75% of their aggregate principal amount plus accrued interest from March 16, 2017. As previously announced, the Company intends to use the net proceeds of the offering to prepay and extinguish the Company’s Term A Facility, to pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes, which may include the repayment of secured debt. The underwriters in connection with the offering were Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, BofA Merrill Lynch, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, BBVA Securities Inc., Fifth Third Securities, Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc. The offering was made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement, copies of which may be obtained on the Securities and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, these documents may be obtained from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC by directing a request to Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Document Retention, 11 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10010, or by calling (800) 221-1037 (toll-free). This press release is neither an offer to sell nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any offer, solicitation or sale in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful. Such an offer can only be made by delivery of a prospectus and prospectus supplement, if applicable, that have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About Community Health Systems, Inc. Community Health Systems, Inc. is one of the largest publicly traded hospital companies in the United States and a leading operator of general acute care hospitals in communities across the country. The Company, through its subsidiaries, owns, leases or operates 146 hospitals in 21 states with an aggregate of approximately 24,000 licensed beds. The Company’s headquarters are located in Franklin, Tennessee, a suburb south of Nashville. Shares in Community Health Systems, Inc. are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CYH.” Forward-Looking Statements Statements contained in this press release regarding the proposed transactions and other events are forward-looking statements that involve risk and uncertainties. Actual future events or results may differ materially from these statements. Readers are referred to the documents filed by Community Health Systems, Inc. with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K, current reports on Form 8-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. These filings identify important risk factors and other uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements, or to make any other forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Peer-to-Peer Lending Market: Future Demand and Growth Analysis 2024 Next PostNext Technology advancements: A boon or curse Search Recent Posts Development Trends of Senna Extract Industry in Global and Chinese Region 2017 to 2022 Global E-Sports market expected to grow at a CAGR of 32.28% during the period 2017-2021 Covering Key Vendors Activision Blizzard, Epic Games, Nintendo United States Automotive Paints Industry 2015 Market Research Report United States Firearms and Ammunition Market 2016 Industry, Analysis, Research, Share, Growth, Sales, Trends, Supply, Forecast to 2021 United States POS Hardware Market 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ardelyx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ardelyx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Omeros Co. (OMER) Receives Buy Rating from Wedbush Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (SFST) Downgraded by ValuEngine to “Hold” Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Given “Buy” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Ardelyx Inc (ARDX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Rexford Industrial Realty’s (REXR) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at National Securities Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Receives Overweight Rating from KeyCorp Spectrum Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SPPI) Upgraded to “Sell” by ValuEngine Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. (CLDX) Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Downgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. to Neutral Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Downgraded by National Securities to Neutral Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Given a $50.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG Red Hat Inc (RHT) Price Target Raised to $96.00 at CIBC Snap Inc (SNAP) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Barclays PLC Paycom Software Inc (PAYC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Western Gas Partners, LP (WES) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Given a $96.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Vonage Holdings Corp. (VG) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Snap Inc (SNAP) Receives Underperform Rating from Needham & Company LLC Chevron Co. (CVX) Receives “Buy” Rating from Bank of America Corp Willbros Group Inc (WG) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ardelyx Inc (ARDX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Ardelyx Inc (NASDAQ:ARDX) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Thursday morning. According to Zacks, “Ardelyx, Inc. is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. It discovers, develops and commercializes small molecule therapeutics that work in the gastrointestinal tract to treat cardio-renal, GI and metabolic diseases. The Company’s lead product candidate is Tenapanor which is in three ongoing Phase II clinical trials for the treatment of patients with ESRD-HD and chronic kidney disease, as well as for constipation-predominant irritable bowel syndrome. Ardelyx, Inc. is headquartered in Fremont, California. “ Separately, Wedbush reiterated an outperform rating and set a $24.00 target price on shares of Ardelyx in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $17.75. Ardelyx (NASDAQ:ARDX) traded down 39.59% on Thursday, hitting $7.40. 4,036,862 shares of the stock traded hands. Ardelyx has a 12-month low of $6.36 and a 12-month high of $16.30. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $12.73 and its 200-day moving average price is $13.49. The stock’s market cap is $350.66 million. Ardelyx (NASDAQ:ARDX) last released its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.59) EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.65) by $0.06. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Ardelyx will post ($2.42) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/ardelyx-inc-ardx-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of ARDX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Ardelyx by 47.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 387,475 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $5,014,000 after buying an additional 124,919 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Ardelyx by 5.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 72,656 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $940,000 after buying an additional 3,999 shares during the period. NEA Management Company LLC raised its position in shares of Ardelyx by 19.4% in the third quarter. NEA Management Company LLC now owns 14,083,582 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $182,242,000 after buying an additional 2,290,951 shares during the period. Spark Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Ardelyx during the third quarter worth approximately $302,000. Finally, Sphera Funds Management LTD. acquired a new position in shares of Ardelyx during the third quarter worth approximately $1,964,000. 81.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Ardelyx Company Profile Ardelyx, Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company’s therapeutics focuses on addressing cardiorenal and gastrointestinal (GI) diseases. It operates through the research, development and commercialization of biopharmaceutical products segment. The Company’s products line includes cardiorenal portfolio and gastrointestinal portfolio. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ardelyx (ARDX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ardelyx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ardelyx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Buying: First Majestic Silver Corp. (FR) Insider Purchases C$50,900.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc (WHLR) CEO Acquires $50,998.00 in Stock Joseph Peter Caron Acquires 2,045 Shares of Manulife Financial Corp. (MFC) Stock Justine Alexandria Magee Buys 244,895 Shares of Rtg Mining Inc (RTG) Stock Shawcor Ltd (SCL) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.15 Harvest Capital Credit Corp (HCAP) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Polaris Infrastructure Inc (PIF) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on May 24th 3,440 Shares in Nevro Corp (NVRO) Acquired by Princeton Alpha Management LP Gabalex Capital Management LLC Reduces Position in W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Princeton Alpha Management LP Buys 8,630 Shares of Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Shares Sold by US Bancorp DE West Family Investments Inc. Has $1,892,000 Stake in Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Buys Shares of 3,233 Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) West Family Investments Inc. Holds Position in Zoetis Inc (ZTS) Davis R M Inc. Holds Stake in Harris Co. (HRS) NetEase Inc (NTES) Downgraded by Instinet to Neutral Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Princeton Alpha Management LP Takes Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) HPM Partners LLC Invests $2.346 Million in O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Pearson PLC (PSO) Downgraded by Kepler Capital Markets to “Hold” Insider Buying: Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc (WHLR) CEO Acquires $50,998.00 in Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc (NASDAQ:WHLR) CEO Jon S. Wheeler purchased 4,300 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 8th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $11.86 per share, with a total value of $50,998.00. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Shares of Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc (NASDAQ:WHLR) traded down 3.91% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $11.05. 55,753 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is $94.90 million. Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc has a 1-year low of $10.91 and a 1-year high of $15.60. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $10.51 and a 200-day moving average of $3.93. Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust (NASDAQ:WHLR) last posted its earnings results on Monday, February 27th. The real estate investment trust reported ($0.72) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.48) by $0.24. Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust had a negative net margin of 23.24% and a negative return on equity of 15.48%. The business had revenue of $12.03 million during the quarter. On average, equities analysts expect that Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc will post ($1.52) EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a $0.018 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -110.53%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/insider-buying-wheeler-real-estate-investment-trust-inc-whlr-ceo-acquires-50998-00-in-stock.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of WHLR. Geode Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust by 27.3% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 159,220 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $275,450,000 after buying an additional 34,108 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust by 47.3% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,324,217 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $7,481,000 after buying an additional 1,387,874 shares during the period. Royce & Associates LP acquired a new position in Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust during the first quarter worth $117,000. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its position in Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust by 9.1% in the first quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 136,250 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $235,000 after buying an additional 11,380 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust by 1,910.6% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 144,764 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $250,000 after buying an additional 137,564 shares during the period. 41.57% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. A number of equities analysts have commented on the stock. TheStreet raised shares of Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Maxim Group reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $18.00 price target (up previously from $16.00) on shares of Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Wunderlich assumed coverage on shares of Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust in a research note on Friday, January 27th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $18.00 price target for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. About Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust, Inc is a self-managed commercial real estate investment company. The Company focuses on acquiring and managing retail properties with a primary focus on grocery-anchored centers. As of December 31, 2016, the Company owned a portfolio consisting of 74 properties, including 59 retail shopping centers and five freestanding retail properties totaling 4,906,511 gross leasable square feet of which approximately 94% were leased, one office property, eight undeveloped land parcels totaling approximately 70 acres and one redevelopment project. Receive News & Ratings for Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wheeler Real Estate Investment Trust Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
5 simple steps to take this month that will save you an extra $500 There's a reason your morning coffee brings you so much more pleasure and satisfaction than dropping a few bucks into your savings account: Our brains are wired to prioritize spending money on purchases we can relish right now versus long-term goals, like buying a home, that we won't enjoy for years. You know you should save more money. But maybe couponing and deal-hunting is not your thing — or feels like a waste of time. You might not be wrong: It's not always the best idea to put tons of effort into getting a discount. Average hourly U.S. earnings are a little more than $26 an hour; if you have to spend longer than 60 minutes to save less than $26, you arguably would be better off just picking up extra work and paying full price. So, other than working more or penny pinching, what can you do to save serious money each month? Here are five moves that require very basic adjustments: some can even be accomplished in a single afternoon, perhaps just a day. Together they can save you more than $500 each month.  That's thousands of dollars a year for your nest egg — or for an extra vacation. 1. Switch to a cashback credit card  Travel perks are enticing, but to get the most from travel reward credit cards you typically need to spend a lot of cash to actually win out. According to one analysis, you'd need to spend $8,600 a year on travel — more than double what is typical — to come out ahead of a person with a cashback card. How much you'll save with a cashback card depends on a few factors, like how much you spend, your credit score, and whether you carry a balance, since interest on your debt will quickly eat up any financial benefits of the card. If you don't carry a balance and have typical spending, you can expect to get benefits between $300 and $500 a year on most cashback cards, which typically offer 1% or 2% cash back on all purchases.  Spend a lot of your money on a certain category or store? Cards like the Discover It card or the Chase Freedom offer up to 5% cash back on rotating categories — like dining out or groceries. Amazon and Visa also offer a card to Amazon Prime members that give you 5% back on anything you buy off Amazon. The average Amazon Prime user spends more than $100 per month, which means the typical Prime customer gets back about $5 monthly.  Want to make your spending pay back even more? If you shop online, you should always check if any purchases are eligible for rebates on sites like Ebates. If it's stuff you're buying regularly, you could rack up decent savings: Users report getting in the ballpark of a $25 check every few months.  Potential savings: $40 a month 2. Become one with the planet  The average U.S. utility bill is about $240 monthly per a 2015 survey, though costs vary widely depending on where you live. Electricity costs alone can set you back more than $110 a month, per the Energy Information Administration. Cutting that bill without changing your lifestyle is easier than you think. Painting your roof white, for example, can reduce your annual cooling costs by about 40% on average, or a little less than $10 a month according to Bankrate. On a similar note, the EPA estimates that a programmable thermostat turned to the right settings can save about $180 annually, or another $15 a month.  But one of the easiest ways to reduce your energy costs? Simply unplug all your electronics when they're not in use, or make use of surge protectors. According to some estimates, as much as a quarter of your total energy usage gets sucked up by turned-off-but-plugged-in electronics and appliances, so eliminating that waste would potentially reduce your bill by about $27.  Potential savings: $52 a month.  3. Re-think your ride  For many families, car upkeep can be a huge household expense, with even small cars costing about $6,500 per year to cover gas, insurance and repairs. Luckily, these expenses are pretty easy to trim. Money estimates you can save about $150 per month through simple moves that include keeping tires inflated and heating and idling to a minimum — and avoiding over-aggressive driving. Learning basic skills so you can DIY easy repairs or maintenance — like rotating tires and replacing air filters or wipers — can add another $20 to $30 to your monthly savings. Shopping around your insurance is another big money saver: One NerdWallet study found that customers who compared rates saved about $859 per year on their quotes, or another $71 monthly. Finally, consider carpooling — which can save you another $60 a month or so on gas alone. Potential savings: $300 a month  4. Out-smart Uncle Sam About two-thirds of Americans take the easy way out on their tax bill, opting for the standard deduction, a deduction you can take no-questions-asked. But more people should consider saving receipts and itemizing their deductions.  It requires a little year-round effort but can save you big: in the thousands of dollars, especially if you can get a little creative. A deadbeat roommate can be a deduction, for example, if you declare them as a dependent. So are costs like education transportation expenses, moving costs, certain medical bills, and even your gas or cab money spent on visiting the doctor. Don't think it's worth the effort to itemize? There are still ways to save on your tax bill that you might not know about. Fewer than 20% of respondents in a 2016 Student Loan Hero survey knew, for example, that you can get a deduction without itemizing — and even if someone else paid on your behalf. If you earn less than $80,000 you qualify for at least some of the deduction, up to $2,500 in student loan interest, alongside the standard deduction. This can save you by up to $625 annually if you earn less than $65,000. Indeed, retirement plans like the one you get through work can also reduce your taxable income and thus your tax bill. And depending on what bracket you're in, depositing $100 a month into a 401(k) reduces the size of your paycheck by only $60 to $80 monthly, according to CNNMoney. Contributions to individual retirement accounts can lower your taxable income as well.  It'll be a couple decades before you can actually spend that extra $20-$40 per month, but then again, saving a little extra for retirement is never a bad idea.    Potential savings: $92 a month  5. Get a better bank There's a good chance you're overpaying your bank. The average household spends about $290 a year in bank fees, including ATM fees for simply accessing cash, a figure that shocked six in 10 respondents in one survey.  A separate analysis from NerdWallet found that typical checking account fees — maintenance fees, ATM fees, and overdraft fees — adds up to about $1,000 over the course of a decade, nearly $10 a month. If you incur even a single overdraft fee, median $27 a pop, your fees are going to be even higher. Eliminating these costs from your life requires thinking about your spending habits. Maintenance fees can typically be avoided, for instance, by keeping a minimum balance above a certain amount: usually around $1,500. If that's hard for you, you'll want to consider an account with no minimum balance, like the Capital One 360 or the Ally Bank Interest Checking account, both of which get high marks for fees (although lower marks for APY, which is how much interest the account will earn). Capital One's 360 also has a unique overdraft policy — instead of a flat fee, you can opt to pay a reasonable rate of interest on the amount you're overdrawn.  Another option to consider is switching from a bank to a credit union, which generally boast much higher customer satisfaction marks than banks do. The drawback is that they serve highly specific constituencies and it can be hard to find one that you're eligible for. Fees are generally lower in these accounts, as are the interest rates on loans. MyCreditUnion.gov can help you find a credit union in your area that you're qualified for. You should also consider a bank that pays a relatively high yield on savings or checking: Earn 3% interest on $5,000 annually, and that's an extra $12 a month you didn't have before. Finally, if the toothpaste is out of the tube and you've already incurred charges? It never hurts to phone in and speak to a representative at your bank about having the fee waived.  Potential savings: Between $10 and $50 Taken together, the above savings could be $500 or even more. So take a weekend to think through your options — and start saving right away. Sign up for The Payoff — your weekly crash course on how to live your best financial life. Additionally, for all your burning money questions, check out Mic's credit, savings, career, investing and health care hubs for more information — that pays off.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special When Can You Retire? This Tells You Instantly. See More. Home | Street Talk Tags: Trump Administration | china | tradem corporate | winners U.S.-China Trade Deal Serves Up Potential Corporate Winners Httin | Dreamstime.com Friday, 12 May 2017 02:26 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." China just agreed that the U.S. will be allowed to sell beef, and other major products, into China once again. This is REAL news! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017 Visa shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co. shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp. were off 1 percent, while S&P Global Inc dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy, a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel, which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc, which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp, the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, click here. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China.Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the... china, tradem corporate, winners 586 Friday, 12 May 2017 02:26 PM 2017-26-12 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 22 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Trump Corporate Tax Shakeup Puts Housing Developers in Tailspin Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 50 comments Who cares it San Francisco!only libTARDs would talk about the down side of... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 13 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... Insana: Political Fallout Could Ruin Trump, Push Stocks Down 20 Percent Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 11 comments Insana well knows the highest market in history is due for a correction.... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 45 comments You must be speaking about your own usage...You sure aren't speaking about... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Latest News Dow 20,897 -22.81 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,121 +5.27 +0.09% S&P 500 2,391 -3.54 -0.15% 5/12 Updated Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies 5/12 Updated Will Friday’s massive global cyberattack get people to care about being hacked? 5/12 Updated 5 truly awful gifts that you should NOT buy this Mother’s Day (or ever) 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My mother-in-law is moving in! Will we have to pay her bills? 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: Can I sue my mother for changing my last name? 5/12 Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 5/12 Updated Bridgewater’s Dalio has some bad news for stock-market investors 5/12 Updated Why investors still aren’t freaking out over the Comey firing 5/12 Trump's Tweets Intensify Interest in Russia Investigation 5/12 Trump weighs shake-up of press team, including replacing Spicer 5/12 Lower asset correlations are to blame for record-low volatility, says strategist 5/12 Is Donald Trump boosting the economy? Goldman finds mixed signals 5/12 Avis Budget shares fall on CFO exit 5/12 Progressive Corp. board OKs share buyback program 5/12 Updated S&P 500, Dow post first weekly loss in nearly a month 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My mother spent thousands of dollars on credit cards opened in my name — should I report her? 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My mother saved $10,000 for my wedding. I’m now 41 — should I spend it on a house? 5/12 Updated Believing these 5 stock market myths will cost you money 5/12 Nordstrom Rack’s same-store sales decline defies growth among ‘off-line’ retailers 5/12 David Tepper's Appaloosa sold off J.C. Penney's stock, added new Snap and Symantec bets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release CoverWallet Named Winner for Best Insurtech Solution at the 2017 Benzinga Global Fintech Awards By Published: May 12, 2017 2:20 p.m. ET Share NEW YORK, May 12, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- CoverWallet, the leading online platform to understand, buy, and manage small business insurance, announced today that it has been named the Best Insurtech Solution at the 2017 Benzinga Global FinTech Awards. Launched in 2016, CoverWallet is being recognized for leveraging technology to reinvent how small and medium-sized businesses deal with commercial insurance, making it easier, faster, and more affordable. The Benzinga Global Fintech Awards welcomed more than 300 participants overall, with 12 finalists in the Insurtech category. "It is an honor to receive this award as well as recognition from such a renowned group of judges and industry leaders," said Rashmi Melgiri, cofounder and COO of CoverWallet. “It validates the progress we’ve made towards our mission: an online platform that helps every SMB in America move through the insurance process with ease and clarity, getting the protection they need”. The Benzinga Global Fintech Awards were created to recognize innovation and excellence throughout the insurance and financial industries. In this third edition, judges and sponsors included, among others, Amazon, J.P. Morgan Chase, E&Y, Nasdaq, Fidelity, Charles Schwab, Google, Morningstar, Bain Capital, CNBC, and Alliance-Bernstein. This award is a testament to what CoverWallet has built, as well as the company's ingenuity and vision. Traditionally the process of buying small business insurance has been complicated, slow and opaque. CoverWallet's platform is solving all these pain points by harnessing business data and state-of-the-art technology. About CoverWallet Headquartered in New York City, CoverWallet is the easiest way to understand, buy and manage insurance for small businesses. The company combines data, design and technology to delight and help small businesses deal with their insurance needs, whether from their smartphone or online. With an intelligent assessment system and concierge-like service, CoverWallet saves time and provides peace of mind by making managing insurance simple and intuitive. Backed by Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Highland Capital Partners, Founder Collective and Two Sigma Ventures, CoverWallet is disrupting the $100 billion small business insurance market and has been recently named “One of the Most Entrepreneurial Companies in America” by Entrepreneur Magazine. For more information, please visit www.coverwallet.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170512005604/en/ SOURCE: CoverWallet"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@CoverWallet CoverWallet, Inc. Maxime Rieman press@coverwallet.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular Bridgewater’s Dalio has some bad news for stock-market investors Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Why GOP Health Bill May Disappear in Senate MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franklin Covey Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $44.25 Million Telenav (TNAV) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of -0.13 Telephone & Data Systems (TDS) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.09 GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of -0.13 Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) to Issue $0.26 Quarterly Dividend E. W. Scripps (SSP) Earning Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Analysis Finds MRC Global (MRC) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports PolyOne Co. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.14 (POL) Kelly Services, Inc. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.08 (KELYA) Regions Financial Corp (RF) Position Increased by American Century Companies Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $5.785 Million Position in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) Stake Increased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Insider Selling: GrubHub Inc (GRUB) CFO Sells $135,000.00 in Stock Michael Harold Vels Buys 5,000 Shares of Hydro One Ltd (H) Stock Insider Selling: WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) SVP Sells $136,240.00 in Stock Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) Shares Sold by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Sells 296,165 Shares of Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Verastem Inc (VSTM) Receives Buy Rating from Cann US Concrete Inc (USCR) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Sunworks Inc (SUNW) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $44.25 Million May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street analysts expect Franklin Covey Co. (NYSE:FC) to announce sales of $44.25 million for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Five analysts have provided estimates for Franklin Covey’s earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $43.4 million and the highest estimate coming in at $45 million. Franklin Covey reported sales of $44.74 million in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 1.1%. The company is expected to report its next quarterly earnings results on Thursday, June 29th. On average, analysts expect that Franklin Covey will report full-year sales of $44.25 million for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $186.43 million to $194.27 million. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the company will report sales of $208.82 million per share, with estimates ranging from $202.5 million to $215 million. Zacks’ sales calculations are a mean average based on a survey of research firms that follow Franklin Covey. Franklin Covey (NYSE:FC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, March 30th. The business services provider reported ($0.24) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.22) by $0.02. Franklin Covey had a net margin of 1.17% and a return on equity of 2.46%. The business had revenue of $42.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $41.72 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.03) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 6.8% compared to the same quarter last year. A number of brokerages have weighed in on FC. Zacks Investment Research raised Franklin Covey from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 13th. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $24.50 price objective on shares of Franklin Covey in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $24.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/franklin-covey-co-fc-expected-to-post-quarterly-sales-of-44-25-million.html. In related news, Director Joel Clinton Peterson sold 2,689 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.95, for a total transaction of $56,334.55. Following the sale, the director now owns 234,241 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,907,348.95. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. In the last three months, insiders have sold 8,962 shares of company stock worth $178,549. 33.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Several large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in FC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 228.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 155,850 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $2,775,000 after buying an additional 108,425 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 9.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 171,367 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $3,456,000 after buying an additional 15,156 shares in the last quarter. Oxford Asset Management raised its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 14.3% in the fourth quarter. Oxford Asset Management now owns 45,485 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $917,000 after buying an additional 5,696 shares in the last quarter. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 166.6% in the fourth quarter. O Shaughnessy Asset Management LLC now owns 6,868 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $138,000 after buying an additional 4,292 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in shares of Franklin Covey by 21.6% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 107,900 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $2,174,000 after buying an additional 19,200 shares in the last quarter. 57.17% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Franklin Covey (NYSE:FC) traded down 1.65% during trading on Friday, reaching $20.90. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 5,448 shares. The company’s market cap is $288.90 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $20.08 and its 200 day moving average is $19.14. Franklin Covey has a 52-week low of $13.45 and a 52-week high of $22.45. About Franklin Covey Franklin Covey Co is a global company specializing in performance improvement. The Company’s segments are Direct Offices, Strategic Markets, Education practice and International Licensees. The Direct Offices segment consists of its geographic sales offices that serve the United States and Canada, its international sales offices located in Japan, the United Kingdom and Australia, and its public programs group. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Franklin Covey (FC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Franklin Covey Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spark Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Snap Inc (SNAP) Upgraded by Cantor Fitzgerald to Neutral Golub Capital BDC’s (GBDC) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at National Securities Jefferies Group Weighs in on Jacobs Engineering Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (JEC) Inogen Inc (INGN) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.10 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Price Target Raised to $45.00 at Needham & Company LLC Mazor Robotics Ltd – (MZOR) Given “Hold” Rating at Needham & Company LLC Ur-Energy Inc. (URE) Earns “Buy” Rating from Roth Capital FARO Technologies’ (FARO) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity HealthStream, Inc. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.19 Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts (HSTM) Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Life Storage Inc to Post FY2017 Earnings of $5.47 Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts (LSI) Brokerages Anticipate Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $302.49 Million $226.64 Million in Sales Expected for RadNet Inc. (RDNT) This Quarter Franklin Covey Co. (FC) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $44.25 Million Telenav (TNAV) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of -0.13 Telephone & Data Systems (TDS) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.09 GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of -0.13 Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) to Issue $0.26 Quarterly Dividend E. W. Scripps (SSP) Earning Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Analysis Finds MRC Global (MRC) Receiving Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Spark Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ONCE) from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note published on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Spark Therapeutics, Inc. offers gene therapy. The Company’s product candidate consist of SPK-RPE65, SPK-CHM, SPK-FIX which are in different clinical phases, for the treatment of additional blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Spark Therapeutics, Inc. is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. “ ONCE has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Wedbush reissued an underperform rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of Spark Therapeutics in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Leerink Swann started coverage on shares of Spark Therapeutics in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. They issued an outperform rating and a $85.00 target price for the company. Vetr cut shares of Spark Therapeutics from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating and set a $70.50 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $82.00 target price on shares of Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $59.00 target price on shares of Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $68.31. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) traded down 2.40% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $56.46. 222,076 shares of the company traded hands. Spark Therapeutics has a one year low of $32.89 and a one year high of $65.99. The company’s 50-day moving average is $54.53 and its 200-day moving average is $56.03. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.75 billion. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) last released its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The biotechnology company reported ($1.70) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($1.36) by $0.34. The company had revenue of $1.27 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.35 million. Spark Therapeutics had a negative return on equity of 28.28% and a negative net margin of 441.05%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned ($0.95) earnings per share. Analysts predict that Spark Therapeutics will post ($6.70) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/spark-therapeutics-inc-once-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-sell.html. In other Spark Therapeutics news, CFO Stephen W. Webster sold 1,898 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.00, for a total transaction of $104,390.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 4,398 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $241,890. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, General Counsel Barge Joseph La sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.73, for a total value of $263,650.00. Following the transaction, the general counsel now directly owns 10,325 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $544,437.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 226,143 shares of company stock valued at $14,356,283. Insiders own 9.60% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of ONCE. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System increased its position in shares of Spark Therapeutics by 4.1% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 8,204 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $409,000 after buying an additional 320 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $883,000. Endurant Capital Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $348,000. Baker BROS. Advisors LP acquired a new position in shares of Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at approximately $79,180,000. Finally, Rock Springs Capital Management LP increased its position in shares of Spark Therapeutics by 2.5% in the third quarter. Rock Springs Capital Management LP now owns 625,000 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock valued at $37,538,000 after buying an additional 15,000 shares during the last quarter. 83.97% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Spark Therapeutics Company Profile Spark Therapeutics, Inc is a gene therapy company. The Company focuses on treating orphan diseases. It has a pipeline of product candidates targeting multiple rare blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Its pipeline includes a product candidate targeting choroideremia (CHM), which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial and a product candidate for hemophilia A, which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Spark Therapeutics (ONCE) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business U.S.-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners Add to ... By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK — Reuters Published Friday, May 12, 2017 1:11PM EDT Last updated Friday, May 12, 2017 1:12PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." Visa <V.N> shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard <MA.N> edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co <AXP.N> shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp <MCO.N> were off 1 percent, while S&P Global Inc <SPGI.N> dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy <LNG.A> were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy <SRE.N>, a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> and Morgan Stanley <MS.N> both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel <X.N>, which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor <NUE.N> were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc <TSN.N>, which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp <PPC.O>, the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, see: https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/05/joint-release-initial-results-100-day-action-plan-us-china-comprehensive (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran, Lauren LaCapra and Scott DiSavino in New York and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by Nick Zieminski) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   MA-NMasterCard Inc Latest Price$117.13 +0.60 (+0.51%) V-NVisa Inc Latest Price$92.73 +0.63 (+0.68%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$86.92 -0.24 (-0.28%) AXP-NAmerican Express Co Latest Price$77.49 -0.43 (-0.55%) SRE-NSempra Energy Latest Price$111.61 +0.24 (+0.22%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$42.73 -0.14 (-0.33%) Updated May 12 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics MasterCard Worldwide Cheniere Energy Inc. United States of America China Sempra Energy Morgan Stanley JPMorgan Chase & Co. Beijing U.S. Commerce Department Washington, D.C. Visa Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Technology Canadian scientists discover narwhals using their tusks to hunt fish News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Man believed to be 147 years old laid to rest in Indonesia Globe Drive Move over Ferrari, McLaren is here to take your supercar crown News 'Nothing further to add' on Trump's Comey tapes tweet: White House Sports Connor McDavid says Oilers squad had a ‘lot of fun’ this season Report on Business Yield Hog: Restaurant royalty stocks can give you some juicy yields Sports Senators coach says team staying the course against Penguins Sports Justin Trudeau and other Ottawa residents cheer on Senators Report on Business Money Monitor: Tax-efficient planning tips for retirement Report on Business Giant diamond auction fails as Sierra Leone rejects offer Report on Business Gen Y Money: Should a GIC be on my radar? ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Six stock funds offer least-volatile foreign exposure Life 7 foods that pack more potassium than a banana Most popular Massive 'WannaCry' cyberattack hits countries around world, cripples British health system Trump, U.S. government face democratic tests after Comey’s firing Andrew Weaver charts path for Liberals, NDP to win Greens' support May 13: Your daily horoscope Captain of shipwrecked Costa Concordia cruise liner heads to prison X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kimco Realty Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimco Realty Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Steven D. Heinemann Sells 29,270 Shares of Network-1 Technologies Inc (NTIP) Stock John Ernest Sicard Sells 1,600 Shares of Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Stock Insider Selling: Gencor Industries, Inc. (DE) (GENC) Major Shareholder Sells $140,457.10 in Stock Philip E. Coviello, Jr. Buys 7,500 Shares of Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Stock First Capital (FCAP) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.30 Ellsworth Growth and Income Fund (ECF) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15 Diversified Real Asset Income Fund of Beneficial Interest (DRA) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Position Decreased by LSV Asset Management Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $5.638 Million Stake in Kroger Co (KR) OFG Bancorp (OFG) Position Increased by LSV Asset Management Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Position Reduced by LSV Asset Management Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Shares Sold by LSV Asset Management LSV Asset Management Has $15.578 Million Position in Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) First American Financial Corp (FAF) Stake Raised by LSV Asset Management Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 11,300 Shares of Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) LSV Asset Management Reduces Position in Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. (PKOH) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $592,000 Position in CIGNA Co. (CI) Philip E. Coviello, Jr. Buys 7,500 Shares of Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Kimco Realty Corp (NYSE:KIM) Director Philip E. Coviello, Jr. purchased 7,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $19.44 per share, with a total value of $145,800.00. Following the purchase, the director now owns 41,045 shares in the company, valued at $797,914.80. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Kimco Realty Corp (NYSE:KIM) traded down 1.430% during trading on Friday, hitting $18.955. 1,447,251 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $21.52 and a 200-day moving average of $24.12. Kimco Realty Corp has a 12 month low of $18.91 and a 12 month high of $32.24. The company has a market capitalization of $8.07 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.992 and a beta of 0.73. Kimco Realty Corp (NYSE:KIM) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.37 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.37. Kimco Realty Corp had a net margin of 32.40% and a return on equity of 6.88%. The company had revenue of $293.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $291.46 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.37 earnings per share. Kimco Realty Corp’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Kimco Realty Corp will post $0.59 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be paid a dividend of $0.27 per share. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. This represents a $1.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 5.62%. Kimco Realty Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 135.00%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/philip-e-coviello-jr-buys-7500-shares-of-kimco-realty-corp-kim-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Kimco Realty Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $74,839,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Kimco Realty Corp by 7.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 35,695,241 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $788,509,000 after buying an additional 2,483,036 shares in the last quarter. Adelante Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Kimco Realty Corp by 221.8% in the third quarter. Adelante Capital Management LLC now owns 2,158,897 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $62,500,000 after buying an additional 1,488,097 shares in the last quarter. Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC acquired a new stake in Kimco Realty Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $32,642,000. Finally, Rothschild Asset Management Inc. increased its stake in Kimco Realty Corp by 126.3% in the first quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,739,788 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $38,432,000 after buying an additional 970,874 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 92.17% of the company’s stock. Several analysts have recently weighed in on KIM shares. Robert W. Baird raised shares of Kimco Realty Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and dropped their price target for the company from $29.00 to $25.00 in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $34.00 price target on shares of Kimco Realty Corp in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Kimco Realty Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Evercore ISI raised shares of Kimco Realty Corp from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc dropped their price target on shares of Kimco Realty Corp from $26.00 to $21.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating, eight have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $29.06. About Kimco Realty Corp Kimco Realty Corporation is a self-administered real estate investment trust. The Company is engaged in the ownership, management, development and operation of open-air shopping centers, which are anchored generally by discount department stores, grocery stores or drugstores. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had interests in 525 shopping center properties, aggregating 85.4 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA), located in 34 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. Receive News & Ratings for Kimco Realty Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimco Realty Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S.-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners By Reuters Published: 12:57 EDT, 12 May 2017 | Updated: 12:57 EDT, 12 May 2017 e-mail By Lewis Krauskopf NEW YORK, May 12 (Reuters) - Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." Visa shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp were off 1 percent, while S&amp;P Global Inc dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy, a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co and Morgan Stanley both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel, which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc, which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp, the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, see: https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/05/joint-release-initial-results-100-day-action-plan-us-china-comprehensive (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran, Lauren LaCapra and Scott DiSavino in New York and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'There's other things to be mad at': Paris Jackson shares nude sunbathing selfie... before biting back at pearl-clutching online critics Angelina Jolie bonds with the father she once despised as Jon Voight joins the actress for a rare dinner with the children Making amends Shore way to win her back! Marnie Simpson flaunts her frame in clingy dress as she congratulates victorious on/off beau Aaron Chalmers at MMA debut 'She has great potential': David and Victoria Beckham 'enroll Harper in celebrated stage school' that charges £102 an HOUR for classes Victoria Beckham walks the pink carpet in a backless midnight blue jumpsuit at cancer fundraiser... after missing David's King Arthur premiere Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED 'Get away from me!' Khloe Kardashian fed up by her 'ungrateful' family in Costa Rica...before getting called a 'big bully' by sister Kim on KUWTK 'Be proud of who you are!' Madonna shares a snap of son David Banda, 11, in robes from his native Malawi while posing with photo of his biological parents  Beach babes! Baywatch's Priyanka Chopra shows off bikini body as she cuddles Adriana Lima at Miami beach Stunning physiques She's earned her stripes! Katie Price shows off her Florida tan in thigh-skimming dress as she attends the LGBT Awards without husband Kieran Hayler Braless Chloe Ferry dares to bare in plunging dress while cosying up to ex Marty McKenna as Geordie Shore cast support Aaron Chalmers at MMA debut Devastated Rhona Goskirk relapses on painkillers after reliving Pierce Harris' brutal rape while confiding in close friend Vanessa on Emmerdale Elizabeth Hurley, 51, stuns in bubblegum pink Grecian gown as she leads the red carpet arrivals at breast cancer benefit in New York Is this the end for Dot? Shock twist sees long-serving Eastenders favourite Cotton knocked UNCONSCIOUS in explosive new trailer All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: There's a circus in town! Alesha Dixon looks terrified as she's swarmed by dancing clowns on latest episode of Britain's Got Talent Cool mama! Charlize Theron goes casual as she treats son Jackson to an ice cream in Venice Indulging sweet tooth Battle of the pop princesses: Mariah Carey is 'being lined up to replace Nicole Scherzinger on The X Factor UK this year' Original diva Goggle-fox! Scarlett Moffatt power dresses in powder blue trouser suit as she attends the LGBT Awards with her mother Betty Night on the town Looking for a Modern Family home! Look inside the $2.2million home Ariel Winter 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, are considering buying Plenty to smile about! Cat Deeley is in high spirits as she  steps out in fitted leather jacket and tinted sunglasses for shopping spree Spring in her step Missed a spot? Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario grabs a razor while relaxing in tiny shorts poolside with co-star Zac Efron Fashion faux pas avoided Woke up like this! Isla Fisher cuts a VERY relaxed figure in a pyjama-style blouse and flared jeans while grabbing a bite at famous vegan restaurant in LA Girl next door! Miley Cyrus displays petite figure in casual white T-shirt and jeans for SiriusXM visit to promote new single The view from above! Pia Miller displays taut torso as her hunky boyfriend Tyson Mullane takes sensual snap from the couple's bed Flaunting her busty frame Well it IS the City Of Love! Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx quietly rendezvous in Paris... while Tom Cruise films MI:6 only blocks away Duo met in France Dropping it like it's hot: Snoop Dogg is overshadowed by his VERY enthusiastic sign language interpreter in New Orleans Bizarre 'He's a very nice guy!' Goldie Hawn reveals that daughter Kate Hudson, 38, DID briefly date Nick Jonas, 24 Called daughter's former flame 'a good person' Pink-credible! Melanie Sykes flaunts her gym-honed bronzed physique in plunging figure-hugging gown as she leads the glamour at British LGBT Awards 'Our First Lady... Ivanka Trump!' Twitter reacts as Caitlyn Jenner confuses the US President's wife with her step-daughter on This Morning These boots are made for walking! Pregnant Danielle Lloyd oozes sex appeal in raunchy knee-high footwear at Manchester bar launch Maternity chic Doctor Mirren will see you now! Dame Helen receives an honourary degree from the University of Southern California alongside Will Ferrell Legendary crooner Tony Bennett, 90, cancels trio of concerts in Pennsylvania as he battles with the flu Suffering from a mild flu virus The thigh really is your limit! The X Factor winner Louisa Johnson puts on a VERY leggy display in soaring split dress at the LGBT Awards Business Beck-ons! Victoria Beckham channels androgynous chic in grey wide-leg trouser suit and shades as she steps out in New York I'm good enough to eat! Katy Perry gets cooked up and served on a platter in bizarre new clip for Bon Appetit The singer put herself on the menu New face of Adidas Sofia Richie dons white sweater and cool kicks from the brand at lunch with friends Showing off the brand Jetsetter! Amy Schumer is a casual flyer as she dons striped top and massive shades for jaunt through LAX Jetting off Perfect pair! Onscreen spouses Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert De Niro get matchy-matchy in navy at Wizard Of Lies screening Grieving Zoe Ball pulls out of filming the finale of the BBC's new baking show Big Family Cooking Showdown after the death of her lover  How about Rabat! Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in TINY high waisted shorts as she gears up for performance at Moroccan music festival Nicole Murphy keeps it casual cool as she holds hands with mom Ellen on Beverly Hills outing Statuesque stunner The future looks bright! Kym Marsh rocks a neon orange top on date night with boyfriend Matt Baker as she leads the glamour at Manchester bar launch An acid tongue, a stinging slap and as ruthless as she's competitive: Strictly's new judge Shirley Ballas will have contestants quaking in their sequins  Newlyweds Tom Daley, 22, and Dustin Lance Black, 42, proudly make their first public appearance since exchaging vows at the British LGBT awards Looking lovely! Keri Russell layers tan coat over double denim on NYC shopping trip Retail therapy. 'I threw up a £400 scallop dinner': Freddie Flintoff reveals the moment he realised he had a serious eating disorder as he talks to Gok Wan Early reader! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego take baby boy Zen book shopping in Los Angeles Looking casual 'I'm overwhelmed': Pregnant Ferne McCann thanks fans for their 'kind words' after first TV appearance since ex Arthur Collins was charged over acid attack Back to reality! Kylie Jenner models $99 Rob Kardashian onesie as she flies home on private jet from charity trip Feeling homesick FIRST LOOK: He scrubs up well! Made In Chelsea's Jamie Laing set to make acting debut in Hollyoaks... in a non-speaking role Acting debut Caitlyn Jenner, 67, dazzles in a black bodycon dress as she makes rare UK appearance at LGBT Awards in London Guest of honour Stop using your kids to make money, Jamie: Carluccio roasts father-of-five chef over online 'exploitation'  Italian chef has turned on his protege One does not appear amused... but Andrew is! The Queen seems focused on other matters as the Duke of York shares a joke with the King of Bahrain  A couple of trendsetters! Gigi Hadid flashes her toned abs in cropped knit and flared trousers while Zayn Malik works double denim in New York Blac Chyna nearly upstages the bride as she almost spills out of plunging revealing gown at her friend's Las Vegas wedding Centre stage  How the menopause drove me to think about how I could end it all: Carol Vorderman says the NHS must offer every woman the HRT that saved her Rhian Sugden flaunts her tiny waist and ample assets in sexy black lingerie for new underwear campaign... after retiring from topless modelling Is this African love nest proof Harry's about to pop the question? We present the compelling evidence that an engagement could be imminent  Kristen Stewart cuts an edgy figure in a ripped t-shirt and frayed denim shorts in New Orleans... as she steps out with mysterious marks on her legs Supermodel with a cause! Cindy Crawford looks chic in coral frock as she hits the stage at health summit in Washington DC Impossibly chic 'I haven't dated anyone since losing Steve': Terri Irwin denies romance rumours with 'good friend' Russell Crowe Revealing interview Heaton up the red carpet! Former Liberty X star Michelle stuns in plunging midnight blue gown as she attends the British LGBT Awards Elegant Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall puts on a leggy display in a sequinned off-the-shoulder dress as she attends British LGBT Awards in style Glamorous 'You remind me of what a gift this life truly is': Bindi Irwin and beau Chandler Powell exchange GUSHING Instagram posts Dakota Johnson flashes her fit abs in Calvin Klein sports bra and legging while fetching coffee with a friend Sporty From her cell to a cage... fight: Freed Peru Two drugs mule Michaella McCollum is ringside to see Geordie Shore's Aaron Chalmers's MMA debut I'm great with kids! Kris Jenner bonds with a baby goat while visiting local Peru market on charity visit with daughter Kylie Jenner Alesha Dixon stuns in a fabulous floral frock with a sweetheart neckline as she cosies up to partner Azuka Ononye at LGBT Awards in London Charlotte McKinney looks oh so pretty in pink workout gear as she keeps covered up on outing in Los Angeles  Athletic look 'Don't throw shade!' TOWIE's Megan McKenna sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her endless legs in skimpy bold swimwear 'We definitely click creatively': Rita Ora teams up with close friend Ed Sheeran for single Your Song... as she prepares to release her second album Sir Bruce Forsyth is 'up and about' as the 89-year-old entertainer continues his recovery from a chest infection that hospitalised him  On the mend Jennifer Lawrence dons animal print coat and racy thigh-high boots as she takes a break from movie filming for night out with pals in London Big Bang Theory's Sheldon shocks viewers by PROPOSING to girlfriend Amy... but fans will have to wait to find out if she says yes following cliffhanger Nude ambition: Blonde bombshell Stella Maxwell dares to bare as she poses completely naked on the front cover of Vogue Brazil Fairy tale ends for more Once Upon A Time stars as Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas announce they are leaving the ABC fantasy Perfect match! Gwyneth Paltrow and boyfriend Brad Falchuk both wear army green on rare public outing together for romantic dinner 'It's not as bad as you think': Caitlyn Jenner details gender reassignment surgery and reveals she 'does not know' if she fancies women or men Khaki Zeta Jones! Catherine looks glam as she struts out of a meeting in New York wearing an opulent green ensemble and toting a $8,500 bag Which dress will Pippa pick? Every designer's desperate to dress her for the society wedding of the year... and here's how she'd look in their creations  Happiest place on earth: Nick and Vanessa Lachey bring their kids Camden and Brooklyn on a fun-filled family trip to Disneyland All aboard Chris Pine plays a contestant on the first-ever black Bachelorette in spoof for Saturday Night Live  Unaired SNL sketch released Thursday Bandaged Jemma Lucy is bruised yet delighted as she parades results of Brazilian Butt Lift while recovering poolside in Turkey Countdown's Rachel Riley covers up as she steps out in London... after being slammed by online trolls for calling Tottenham Hotspur 'bottle jobs' Adam Levine shows off buff biceps in rare black and white family photo with daughter Dusty Rose and wife Behati Prinsloo Candid snap Back on? Jeremy McConnell is by 'Steph Davis' side as she LEAVES hospital'... and then he shares snap with son Caben in wake of assault denial Harry Styles showcases his flair for fashion in a silk bomber jacket and baker boy cap as he arrives at The One Show studios Going solo Rapper The Game quickly fires back at fan who said his child was 'way cuter' than Beyonce's daughter Blue Ivy, saying she is just as 'beautiful'  Cougar on the prowl! 'Newly separated loser' Reese Witherspoon has fling with toyboy in trailer for new flick Home Again Teaser Welcome home baby Axton! Mia Tyler and her partner bring their newborn son back to their New York apartment  Baby joy You won't get nil points for that! UK's Eurovision hopeful Lucie Jones shows off her incredible figure as she sizzles in lingerie ahead of Song Contestant Hugging it out! Sarah Jessica Parker and Thomas Haden Church cozy up as they film season 2 of HBO's Divorce Friendly  'I could've pulled the sword from the stone!' David Beckham posts hilarious video with King Arthur co-stars... after his acting skills are panned by critics Edgar Ramirez wears flamboyant pink silk gown as he recreates Gianni Versace's final few days for American Crime Story Hard to miss Pretty as a petal Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes a hint of her toned tummy in a statement two-piece suit with yellow floral shorts Mellow yellow Cara Delevingne covers her shaved head with bubblegum pink wig as she tends to ailing on-screen lover Jaden Smith in scene for new film Life In A Year Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross reveals more than she intended as she goes bra-free under flashlights The British bombshell has moved to LA 'Back to short!': 'Indecisive' Kim Kardashian ditches the long extensions after just a day Waist-length hair was hardly the most practical Aidan Turner is worlds away from Poldark as he pops into a shop to buy cigarettes with Eleanor Tomlinson... before stopping to buy a copy of The Big Issue 'Jetlagged' Bella Hadid borrows from the 90s in a Clueless inspired leather mini skirt and fur-lined cardigan as the leggy model steps out in London Chance the Rapper teaches Twitter followers how to detect inflammatory breast cancer after his aunt dies of the notoriously difficult-to-spot disease Jamie O'Hara's on-off girlfriend Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney shows off her eye-popping assets in scanty swimsuit as they pack on the PDA during Ibiza break He's got unusual Style(s): Harry looks like he's stolen his look from a classic laundry bag as he steps out in wacky red checked suit and Gucci HEELS  Albert 'Mare! New EastEnders unveils a death, a pregnancy and countless dramatic events as Danny Dyer makes anticipated return to soap 'I don't know who they are!' Guy Ritchie insists he doesn't recognise PM Theresa May and Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn when asked about General Election Make-up free Chloe Ferry is barely-recognisable as she shuns trademark dramatic cosmetics with JUST a T-shirt for Geordie Shore night out The Great British Booze Up? Bake Off star Candice Brown appears worse for wear during fun night out at Soho House Baking superstar Newly single Joanna Krupa forgoes her bra in daring halterneck denim jumpsuit as she takes the plung on fun-filled night out Low-cut My sweet new life in the Big Apple! Ryan Seacrest enjoys a coffee with new girlfriend Shayna Taylor after she 'moves into his Manhattan apartment' Heavily pregnant Danielle Bux flaunts her burgeoning baby bump in sporty vest top while working up a sweat hiking in Los Angeles Athletic Look away Tyga! Rapper is not the only one wanting to make sweet music with new gal Anitta as she recently shared steamy kiss with singer Maluma Top of the crops! Bieber's protegee Madison Beer flaunts the flesh in daring PVC bandeau bra and skintight trousers Skimpy style 'Poor thing looks terrified': Tom Daley faces backlash from fans as he is accused of 'animal cruelty'... after posing with a ferret in a new Instagram post  Pregnant Apprentice star Stella English relies on her natural glow as she visits the salon make-up free proudly showing off her blossoming baby bump Macho Impossible! Henry Cavill broods as he is seen on the set of MI:6... as Tom Cruise shoots dramatic scenes at gunpoint Dramatic She knows how to make a splash! Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach looks stylish in short dress as she films cooking segment with Zac Efron  That's Perry revealing! Singer Katy turns heads by baring nearly all in a sheer dress and nude swimsuit while holidaying in Mexico Flirty at 32 Demi's darlings! Rumer, Tallulah and Scout unite at gallery opening... as their mother parties across town Partying in Hollywood Doting father Ryan Gosling cuddles his two-year-old Esmeralda as they enjoy fun daddy-daughter day in LA Taking some time off for his family Roses among Rosé! Laura Dern, Jaime King and Ali Larter are floral fashion delights as they toast to Mother's Day a little early Terrific trio Married man reveal yourself! Take Me Out contestants Robyn and Stuart become the SEVENTH couple to tie the knot after meeting on the show Steve Harvey 'skipped his own staff wrap-up party' hours after he refused to apologize for email telling colleagues to stop coming to his dressing room uninvited Ready to earn my stripes! Christina Aguilera studies her script on set of new movie Zoe as she takes another shot at acting On set Southern belle Reese Witherspoon looks a bit squeamish as she dips her gloved hand into a tub of live crawfish while preparing lunch in New Orleans 'To say I'm on a health kick is a bit off the mark': Melanie Sykes, 46, defends incredibly gym-honed physique with a bikini selfie from FIVE years ago Anthony Joshua moves back into his mother's two bedroom ex-council flat - even though he is now set to become world's first billionaire boxer 'I am happy to get my kit off!' Charlie Hunnam reveals he had no qualms about baring all for Guy Ritchie in new King Arthur role 'It's all about balance' Dr. Dreamy's latest roll! Patrick Dempsey sports a vintage pink cycling jersey as he hits the road with the riders of Giro D'Italia On your bike That's not very bridal! Pippa steps out in edgy LEATHER leggings after a visit from her wedding dress fitters as she counts down to the big day   'It was pretty chill': Harry Styles reveals he enjoyed writing his debut album in a 'bubble' in Jamaica because it stopped 'anyone else influencing it' SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt tries to report rapist policeman Neil Clifton AGAIN... as devastated mum Sarah lends her support  Need a wine or two? Abby Lee Miller treats herself to a pre-prison mani pedi as she steps out post sentencing in a 'drinks well with others' slogan tee 'This wasn't my choice!' Rebecca Mader reveals she's leaving Once Upon A Time after sixth season  She's played a starring role since season three 'I almost swallowed my teeth!' Derek Hough reveals new Strictly head judge Shirley Ballas once furiously SLAPPED his face over a cigarette Never meet your (super)heroes! Henry Cavill is faced with his likeness as he snaps cheeky selfie in front of Superman statue at Paris museum EXCLUSIVE: Jimmy Buffett WAS wasting away in Margaritaville! The singer ditched Nashville to guzzle daiquiris and LSD-laced punch in Key West Sign Of The Times to come? Harry Styles leaves fans utterly confused by hinting he is 'set to become a dad' in new track Kiwi What a joker Love on the menu? Christie Brinkley enjoys dinner date with Yolanda Hadid's ex David Foster following romance rumors Night on the town Muva knows best! Amber Rose steps out with a copycat pal who mimics her style with a matching bleached buzz cut Seeing double He's back! James Martin reveals he will go head-to-head with Saturday Kitchen with a new ITV cooking show He will front his own two-hour programme Look away now, Penelope! Charlize Theron goes totally NAKED in steamy sex scene with Cruz's husband Javier Bardem from The Last Face Catch Me If You Can: Amy Adams cuts a sporty figure in leggings and running shoes as she makes a solo outing in LA Keeping in shape Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston, 48, enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Casually cool 'Can't see papa!' Elsa Pataky and her adorable twin boys catch a private helicopter back to Byron Bay after THAT 'tense' exchange with hubby Chris Hemsworth 'It's a boy!' Scandal star Katie Lowes and husband Adam Shapiro are expecting their first child   Excitedly shared her big baby news DON'T call me Caitlyn: How reality star Jenner's name plunged in popularity in 2016, one year after she revealed her new moniker to the world 'Going to the chapel!' Margot Robbie wows in white gown while serving as a bridesmaid at friend's wedding... five months after walking down the aisle Harry Potter and the burglars of Birmingham: JK Rowling appeals for return of 'extremely valuable' prequel after thieves stole £25,000 work that she handwrote What would the Queen say? Meghan Markle plays a bed-hopping, drug-taking party girl in a VERY racy TV movie she'd probably rather forget Holly Hagan puts on an eye-popping display in a plunging red bikini as she shows off the results of intensive fitness bootcamp in Thailand  'I didn't speak to her after... it was really bad!' Billie Piper reveals she ungraciously gloated at Glenda Jackson after beating the veteran actress at Oliviers Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week N-Dubz star Dappy is remanded in custody over allegations he attacked his girlfriend and brandished a knife outside home they share with daughter Getting shirty: A very animated Amanda Holden wears chic blouse and skinny jeans as she blows kisses to her pals on night out Looked stunning That's quite the collection, Ma'am! The Queen steps out in her THIRD silk headscarf in as many days as she attends the Royal Windsor Horse Show Walk on the wild side: Queen Letizia steps out in snakeskin pumps and a grey suede skirt suit as she greets guests at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid Lucky Cheryl! Shirtless Liam Payne flaunts his abs in a sultry strip tease in extended teaser ahead of his debut solo single release 'The man bun's back but I still love you': MIC's Louise Thompson pokes fun at beau Ryan Libbey in steamy snap... as they flaunt their buff bodies in Greece Another day, another runway! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber, 17, shares a romantic kiss with his model girlfriend Cayley King, 19, at the airport 'Does she think I'm crazy?' Caitlyn Jenner admits worries she had after step-daughter Kim Kardashian first probed her on her transition On British television Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up 'Everyone should try this': Cary Grant's relationship with controversial LSD therapy doctor and the '100 acid trips that changed his life'  Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Eurovision's Lucie Jones reveals that her fiancé spent 18 MONTHS making the proposal video he began planning just a week after they got together The Midas Touch! Olympic gold medallist Ryan Lochte tenderly kisses heavily pregnant fiancée Kayla Rae Reid's baby bump as she poses topless Make-up free Lily Collins looks effortlessly beautiful in workout gear and khaki jacket as she grabs an iced coffee in LA Keeping it casual Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke shows off her surgically-enhanced curves in a skin-tight dress with Lizzie Cundy... a month after surgery mishap Six month mark! Ariel Winter puts on a VERY busty display in a tiny plunging minidress for an anniversary night out with boyfriend Levi Meaden Kimberley Garner shows off her bronzed physique in a cut-out leopard print swimsuit as she shares throwback photos of paradise break Didn't get the memo? Braless Rihanna goes for low-key cowgirl while Kate Bosworth, Kelly Rowland and Miranda Kerr dazzle at Dior Cruise show Ice work if you can get it! Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in a black midi as she takes daughter North to an ice-cream museum during KUWTK Twinning! Kylie Jenner and mum Kris wear matching onesies as they fly home EARLY from Peru charity trip... after teen complains of altitude sickness Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Hold Up! Beyoncé's sister Solange and BFF Kelly Rowland face awkward run-in with Rachel Roy at Dior show... after relentless rumours of Jay Z affair 'I want a cameo': King Arthur's Charlie Hunnam reveals he turned down a role in Game Of Thrones... but is now desperate to get a part 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'I want thank you with my heart for a new start': Bikini-clad Miley Cyrus shows off her figure as she pays homage to fiancé Liam Hemsworth in new video 'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle No drones needed: Amazon founder Jeff Bezos flashes his $81bn smile while canoodling with wife during some real-world shopping at an ancient Italian market Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised Is she fur real? Rihanna makes a bold choice in brown pelt as she leads glam parade at Dior Cruise Collection show in LA Led the glam parade  Little black delight! Kate Bosworth plays it safe in velvet dress as she attends Dior event The blonde bombshell wore a classically elegant ensemble Bra-baring Freida Pinto teases a look at her assets in sheer lingerie as she cuts a chic figure at Dior's star-studded Cruise Collection show in Los Angeles Amelia Hamlin, 15, wears pays homage to her hero Angelina Jolie with a statement denim jacket on night out in Hollywood Tribute Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her 'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  Riding the Carousel: Katherine Jenkins goes retro in zig-zag blouse and high-waisted wide-leg trousers as she has fun following another theatre performance  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Is Jess Woodley fashion's new muse? Made In Chelsea star proves leaving the show behind is a good career move as she becomes the face of new Rimmel Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing They're going for gold! Kobe Bryant, Sylvester Stallone, Nastia Liukin, and Hollywood stars come out to support group trying to win 2024 Olympic bid for LA Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur All suited up! Rose Byrne turns heads in black pantsuit and continues to spark engagement rumours by still wearing a ring on THAT finger Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 218/5 (100) - PAK 376/10 (146.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News World News U.S.-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners Shares1 Fri, 12 May 2017-10:30pm , Reuters Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." Visa shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp were off 1 percent, while S&P Global Inc dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy, a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel, which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc, which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp, the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, see: https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/05/joint-release-initial-results-100-day-action-plan-us-china-comprehensive (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Donald Trump's lawyers say tax returns show little income from Russian sources World Giant diamond auction fails as Sierra Leone rejects offer World UK hospitals divert ambulances after 'ransomware' cyber attack World US imposes sanctions on Pak-based extremists, entity World Erdogan sees 'new beginning' in Turkish-US ties despite Kurdish arms move World France tells US not to undermine global growth policies Next Article > AAP welcomes challenge to prove EVM 'tampering', but urges EC to conduct a 'hackathon' Live Cricket Score Live WI 218/5 (100) PAK 376/10 (146.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Gujarat Lions vs Sunrisers Hyderabad Sat, 13 May 2017, 04:00 PM IST Next node AAP welcomes challenge to prove EVM 'tampering', but urges EC to conduct a 'hackathon' Related Russia's Vladimir Putin says ready to help resolve North Korea nuclear issue: South Korea China keeps mum over Sri Lanka rejecting submarine docking Pakistan-based terror groups plan to attack India, Afghanistan, says top US spymaster Video WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic View all Tags China Morgan Stanley United States Donald Trump Beijing JPMorgan Chase MasterCard Nucor Sempra Energy Washington Wood Mackenzie U. S. Commerce Department U. S. Steel Cheniere Energy American Express Co Global Gas JP Morgan JPMorgan Chase & Co Moody Corp Tyson Foods Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Pakistan firing over disputed Kashmir border kills two, India says China says all welcome at Silk Road forum after U.S. complains over North Korea 62 tigers sighted during annual waterhole census at TATR Pak prepares strategy to defend Jadhav's case at ICJ Delhi: Police inspector found dead, wife demands CBI inquiry against Addl DCP Sport Baseball-Diamondbacks catcher Iannetta takes pitch to face Kings XI Punjab face Pune Supergiant in 'do-or-die' clash Champions Trophy: Aussie speedster Mitchell Starc will not take English side lightly Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, May 13 Batshuayi's late winner guides Chelsea to Premier League glory Entertainment BREAKING: Priyanka Chopra signs her SECOND Hollywood film even before 'Baywatch' hits the theatres! Rajinikanth THREATENED by Haji Mastan's foster son: Here's a copy of the letter sent to the superstar Priyanka Chopra, Adriana Lima get touchy-feely on Miami beach Avi Kaplan exits Pentatonix in tearful goodbye video Zeenat Aman sings for her web series 'Love, Life & Screw Ups' Money Costa Rica woos European tourists, French investment Vijay Mallya's extradition deferred to June 13: CPS Singapore Airlines impressed by Vistara's performance; invests over SG $100 million DMCA to hold one day-boycott against DMRC over fare hike today Wall St Week Ahead-Technicals stand out amid a quiet market Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Global High Income Fund Inc (LBF) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.03 on May 31st Oppenheimer Holdings Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Brokers Offer Predictions for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share’s FY2017 Earnings (FTI) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOXA) Boosted by Jefferies Group Concepta PLC’s (CPT) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Beaufort Securities Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Given “Sell” Rating at Shore Capital Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Given “Hold” Rating at Shore Capital Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Rathbone Brothers plc’s (RAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Beazley PLC’s (BEZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Compass Group plc (CPG) Given New GBX 1,670 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Diageo plc (DGE) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Compass Group plc (CPG) Price Target Increased to GBX 1,560 by Analysts at Kepler Capital Markets Sony Corp (SNE) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Christopher Cabrera Sells 14,366 Shares of Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Insider Selling: Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Director Sells $167,216.25 in Stock Corp Bcpi Sells 82,600 Shares of Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Stock Brokers Offer Predictions for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share’s FY2017 Earnings (FTI) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (NYSE:FTI) – Jefferies Group boosted their FY2017 EPS estimates for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report released on Wednesday. Jefferies Group analyst M. Wilson now anticipates that the oil and gas company will post earnings per share of $1.61 for the year, up from their prior forecast of $1.30. Jefferies Group currently has a “Hold” rating and a $34.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.35 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.30 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.30 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.24 EPS, FY2018 earnings at $1.07 EPS, Q1 2019 earnings at $0.22 EPS, FY2019 earnings at $1.02 EPS and FY2020 earnings at $1.25 EPS. FTI has been the subject of a number of other reports. Scotiabank set a $40.00 price target on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $38.00 to $44.00 in a report on Monday, February 27th. Barclays PLC started coverage on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. They issued an “equal weight” rating and a $38.00 price target for the company. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $41.00 price target on shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets set a $37.00 price target on TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $35.29. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/brokers-offer-predictions-for-technipfmc-plc-ordinary-shares-fy2017-earnings-fti.html. TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (NYSE:FTI) traded down 1.665% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $31.005. 973,212 shares of the stock traded hands. TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share has a 12 month low of $29.86 and a 12 month high of $36.14. The company has a 50-day moving average of $32.05 and a 200-day moving average of $33.35. The stock has a market cap of $14.46 billion, a PE ratio of 18.599 and a beta of 1.01. In related news, EVP Mark J. Scott sold 32,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.87, for a total transaction of $1,019,840.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,678 shares in the company, valued at $2,475,597.86. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Peter Mellbye sold 10,140 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $33.02, for a total value of $334,822.80. Following the sale, the director now owns 26,547 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $876,581.94. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 50,140 shares of company stock valued at $1,604,983 over the last quarter. 0.86% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of FTI. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share during the third quarter valued at approximately $178,000. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share by 8.3% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 5,200 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $185,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the last quarter. Johanson Financial Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share during the first quarter valued at approximately $201,000. Bayesian Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $207,000. Finally, Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its stake in shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share by 0.7% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 7,190 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $213,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 91.01% of the company’s stock. About TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share FMC Technologies, Inc is a global provider of technology solutions for the energy industry. The Company designs, manufactures and services a range of systems and products, including subsea production and processing systems, surface wellhead production systems, high pressure fluid control equipment, measurement solutions and marine loading systems. Receive News & Ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sony Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Concepta PLC’s (CPT) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Beaufort Securities Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Given “Sell” Rating at Shore Capital Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Given “Hold” Rating at Shore Capital Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Rathbone Brothers plc’s (RAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Beazley PLC’s (BEZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Compass Group plc (CPG) Given New GBX 1,670 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Diageo plc (DGE) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Compass Group plc (CPG) Price Target Increased to GBX 1,560 by Analysts at Kepler Capital Markets Sony Corp (SNE) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Christopher Cabrera Sells 14,366 Shares of Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Insider Selling: Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Director Sells $167,216.25 in Stock Corp Bcpi Sells 82,600 Shares of Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Stock Tony Buffin Purchases 109 Shares of Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Stock Zvi Glasman Sells 6,000 Shares of Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Stock Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Share Price Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Sony Corp (SNE) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the ten ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating on the company. The average 1-year price objective among brokers that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $39.15. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on SNE shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Sony Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Sony Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “conviction-buy” rating on shares of Sony Corp in a research note on Monday, May 1st. TheStreet upgraded shares of Sony Corp from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein started coverage on shares of Sony Corp in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 price objective for the company. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in shares of Sony Corp by 8.1% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 84,452 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,805,000 after buying an additional 6,314 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in shares of Sony Corp by 1.1% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 633,580 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,041,000 after buying an additional 7,106 shares during the period. Fagan Associates Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Sony Corp during the third quarter valued at about $495,000. Cabot Wealth Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Sony Corp by 2.1% in the third quarter. Cabot Wealth Management Inc. now owns 216,829 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,201,000 after buying an additional 4,446 shares during the period. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Sony Corp by 20.6% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 257,094 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,534,000 after buying an additional 43,921 shares during the period. 6.53% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) traded down 0.06% during trading on Friday, reaching $35.57. The company had a trading volume of 241,487 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $44.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 69.47 and a beta of 1.97. Sony Corp has a 12-month low of $25.64 and a 12-month high of $35.73. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $33.20 and a 200-day moving average of $31.05. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/sony-corp-sne-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-brokerages.html. About Sony Corp Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Beazley PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Concepta PLC’s (CPT) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Beaufort Securities Arrow Global Group PLC (ARW) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Given “Sell” Rating at Shore Capital Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Given “Hold” Rating at Shore Capital Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Rathbone Brothers plc’s (RAT) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Beazley PLC’s (BEZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Compass Group plc (CPG) Given New GBX 1,670 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Diageo plc (DGE) Receives “Overweight” Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages ExlService Holdings, Inc. (EXLS) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Compass Group plc (CPG) Price Target Increased to GBX 1,560 by Analysts at Kepler Capital Markets Sony Corp (SNE) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Christopher Cabrera Sells 14,366 Shares of Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Insider Selling: Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Director Sells $167,216.25 in Stock Corp Bcpi Sells 82,600 Shares of Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Stock Tony Buffin Purchases 109 Shares of Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Stock Zvi Glasman Sells 6,000 Shares of Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Stock Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Share Price Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Beazley PLC’s (BEZ) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reissued their buy rating on shares of Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ) in a report issued on Thursday morning. Several other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on BEZ. Stockdale Securities reiterated a neutral rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Peel Hunt reiterated a reduce rating and issued a GBX 350 ($4.53) price objective on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Macquarie reiterated an underperform rating and issued a GBX 365 ($4.72) price objective on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a buy rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating on shares of Beazley PLC in a report on Monday, March 27th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Beazley PLC currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 375 ($4.85). Shares of Beazley PLC (LON:BEZ) traded down 0.82% during trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 449.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 868,221 shares. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.32 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 437.87 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 408.41. Beazley PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 327.30 and a 52-week high of GBX 460.40. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/beazley-plcs-bez-buy-rating-reaffirmed-at-shore-capital.html. In other news, insider Adrian Cox sold 4,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 437 ($5.65), for a total value of £17,480 ($22,607.35). Also, insider Martin Bride sold 3,850 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, April 20th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 436 ($5.64), for a total value of £16,786 ($21,709.78). In the last 90 days, insiders sold 239,511 shares of company stock valued at $102,497,962. About Beazley PLC Receive News & Ratings for Beazley PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beazley PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Colfax Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Colfax Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.42 Earnings Per Share Expected for Colfax Corp (CFX) This Quarter $0.38 EPS Expected for American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) This Quarter Canadian Tire Co. Limited (CTC.A) PT Raised to C$185.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Charles T. Lauber Sells 3,987 Shares of A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Stock David Barnbrook Buys 143 Shares of Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CEO Sells $235,095.63 in Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) to Buy Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GDX) H Kirk Downey Sells 4,088 Shares of AZZ Inc (AZZ) Stock C R Bard Inc (BCR) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research National Grid plc (NG) Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Middleby Corp (MIDD) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Downgraded by Macquarie to Neutral Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Position Decreased by ING Groep NV National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Shares Bought by Tyers Asset Management LLC Grimes & Company Inc. Lowers Stake in International Paper Co (IP) Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Stake Raised by State Treasurer State of Michigan State Treasurer State of Michigan Raises Position in Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Shares Bought by State Treasurer State of Michigan $0.42 Earnings Per Share Expected for Colfax Corp (CFX) This Quarter May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect Colfax Corp (NYSE:CFX) to announce $0.42 earnings per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Seven analysts have issued estimates for Colfax Corp’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at $0.45 and the lowest estimate coming in at $0.39. Colfax Corp posted earnings of $0.41 per share during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a positive year-over-year growth rate of 2.4%. The company is scheduled to issue its next earnings report on Thursday, July 27th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Colfax Corp will report full-year earnings of $1.70 per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.65 to $1.76. For the next fiscal year, analysts expect that the company will report earnings of $1.99 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.85 to $2.11. Zacks’ EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that cover Colfax Corp. Colfax Corp (NYSE:CFX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The industrial products company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.30 by $0.05. The firm had revenue of $845 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $820.23 million. Colfax Corp had a net margin of 3.51% and a return on equity of 6.02%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 3.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.30 earnings per share. CFX has been the subject of several recent research reports. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Colfax Corp in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on shares of Colfax Corp from $42.00 to $45.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Colfax Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Seaport Global Securities raised shares of Colfax Corp from an “accumulate” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada raised shares of Colfax Corp from a “sector perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $32.00 to $43.00 in a research report on Friday, January 13th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $40.14. Shares of Colfax Corp (NYSE:CFX) traded down 0.78% on Friday, hitting $39.59. 162,164 shares of the company were exchanged. Colfax Corp has a 52-week low of $24.62 and a 52-week high of $41.99. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $39.25 and a 200 day moving average price of $37.83. The firm has a market cap of $4.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.84 and a beta of 1.52. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Ironwood Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in Colfax Corp during the third quarter worth $307,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Colfax Corp by 3.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,547,371 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $48,634,000 after buying an additional 44,413 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Colfax Corp by 1,346.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 24,500 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $770,000 after buying an additional 22,806 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Colfax Corp by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 957,455 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $30,093,000 after buying an additional 43,104 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rhumbline Advisers increased its stake in Colfax Corp by 4.9% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 80,774 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,539,000 after buying an additional 3,746 shares during the last quarter. 79.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/0-42-earnings-per-share-expected-for-colfax-corp-cfx-this-quarter.html. About Colfax Corp Colfax Corporation is an industrial manufacturing and engineering company. The Company provides gas and fluid handling and fabrication technology products and services to customers around the world. The Company’s segments include Gas and Fluid Handling, and Fabrication Technology. The Gas and Fluid Handling segment supplies a range of gas and fluid handling products, including heavy-duty centrifugal and axial fans, rotary heat exchangers, gas compressors, pumps and certain related products, as well as aftermarket and lubrication-related services, which serves customers in the power generation, oil, gas and petrochemical, mining, marine (including defense) and general industrial and other end markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Colfax Corp (CFX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Colfax Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Colfax Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Radius Health Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2017 EPS Estimates for Primoris Services Corp Lowered by KeyCorp (PRIM) FY2017 EPS Estimates for Quanta Services Inc (PWR) Lowered by FBR & Co FY2017 EPS Estimates for Orbital ATK Inc Raised by SunTrust Banks (OA) Cantor Fitzgerald Weighs in on Radius Health Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (RDUS) $0.42 Earnings Per Share Expected for Colfax Corp (CFX) This Quarter $0.38 EPS Expected for American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) This Quarter Canadian Tire Co. Limited (CTC.A) PT Raised to C$185.00 at Royal Bank of Canada Charles T. Lauber Sells 3,987 Shares of A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Stock David Barnbrook Buys 143 Shares of Judges Scientific PLC (JDG) Stock Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CEO Sells $235,095.63 in Stock Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Valmont Industries, Inc. (VMI) to Buy Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (GDX) H Kirk Downey Sells 4,088 Shares of AZZ Inc (AZZ) Stock C R Bard Inc (BCR) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research National Grid plc (NG) Lowered to Hold at Berenberg Bank Middleby Corp (MIDD) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Downgraded by Macquarie to Neutral Assurant, Inc. (AIZ) Position Decreased by ING Groep NV National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Shares Bought by Tyers Asset Management LLC Cantor Fitzgerald Weighs in on Radius Health Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (RDUS) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Radius Health Inc (NASDAQ:RDUS) – Stock analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald reduced their FY2017 earnings estimates for Radius Health in a research report issued on Tuesday. Cantor Fitzgerald analyst M. Goldstein now forecasts that the biopharmaceutical company will post earnings per share of ($4.36) for the year, down from their previous forecast of ($3.44). Cantor Fitzgerald has a “Buy” rating and a $65.00 price objective on the stock. Several other equities research analysts have also weighed in on RDUS. Maxim Group restated a “sell” rating and issued a $24.00 target price on shares of Radius Health in a report on Friday, February 24th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of Radius Health in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Canaccord Genuity set a $85.00 price target on Radius Health and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 25th. Zacks Investment Research raised Radius Health from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Radius Health in a research report on Saturday, March 11th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $56.83. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Cantor Fitzgerald Weighs in on Radius Health Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (RDUS)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/cantor-fitzgerald-weighs-in-on-radius-health-incs-fy2017-earnings-rdus.html. Shares of Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) traded up 2.30% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $35.10. 305,133 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Radius Health has a 1-year low of $29.27 and a 1-year high of $59.88. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $37.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $42.45. The company’s market capitalization is $1.52 billion. Radius Health (NASDAQ:RDUS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($1.32) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.18) by $0.14. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned ($0.94) EPS. In other Radius Health news, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech purchased 38,279 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $39.17 per share, with a total value of $1,499,388.43. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 4,398,678 shares in the company, valued at approximately $172,296,217.26. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Growth N. V. Biotech purchased 75,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $33.91 per share, for a total transaction of $2,543,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 4,765,399 shares in the company, valued at $161,594,680.09. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders acquired 498,400 shares of company stock worth $18,102,165. Company insiders own 16.80% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BB Biotech AG increased its position in shares of Radius Health by 4.1% in the first quarter. BB Biotech AG now owns 4,540,399 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $175,486,000 after buying an additional 180,000 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Radius Health by 58.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,885,161 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $71,694,000 after buying an additional 699,023 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Radius Health by 5.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,429,056 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $77,298,000 after buying an additional 74,854 shares in the last quarter. Jennison Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Radius Health by 8.0% in the first quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 957,056 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $36,990,000 after buying an additional 71,018 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rock Springs Capital Management LP boosted its stake in Radius Health by 2.8% in the third quarter. Rock Springs Capital Management LP now owns 892,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $48,248,000 after buying an additional 24,500 shares in the last quarter. 95.84% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Radius Health Radius Health, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the developing therapeutics in the areas of osteoporosis, oncology and endocrine diseases. The Company’s lead investigational product candidate, abaloparatide for subcutaneous injection, or abaloparatide-SC, has completed Phase III development for potential use in the treatment of women with postmenopausal osteoporosis. Receive News & Ratings for Radius Health Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Radius Health Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News International Paper Co (IP) Shares Sold by APG Asset Management N.V. Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $50,000.00 Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Lowers Position in Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI Has $662,000 Position in Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Morgan Stanley (MS) Position Maintained by Amica Retiree Medical Trust Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Holds Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Dover Corp (DOV) Position Lowered by APG Asset Management N.V. APG Asset Management N.V. Sells 24,284 Shares of Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc (FBHS) Thomas E. Clarke Sells 5,353 Shares of Newell Brands Inc (NWL) Stock Navistar International Corp’s (NAV) Hold Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Medley Capital Corp (MCC) Cut to Market Perform at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc (RBA) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Pandora Media Inc (P) PT Lowered to $12.00 at Nomura Williams Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Buy Rating for Pandora Media Inc (P) Home Depot Inc (HD) Earns Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Royal Dutch Shell plc (RDS.A) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Macy's Inc (M) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Williams Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms Buy Rating for Pandora Media Inc (P) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $50,000.00 May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts predict that Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:KPTI) will post sales of $50,000.00 for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Two analysts have made estimates for Karyopharm Therapeutics’ earnings. Karyopharm Therapeutics posted sales of $60,000.00 in the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year over year growth rate of 16.7%. The firm is expected to issue its next earnings report on Thursday, August 3rd. On average, analysts expect that Karyopharm Therapeutics will report full year sales of $50,000.00 for the current financial year, with estimates ranging from $70,000.00 to $220,000.00. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will post sales of $79.17 million per share, with estimates ranging from $44.97 million to $113.37 million. Zacks’ sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow Karyopharm Therapeutics. Karyopharm Therapeutics (NASDAQ:KPTI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.71) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.67) by $0.04. The company had revenue of $0.07 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $0.02 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted ($0.75) EPS. A number of research firms have weighed in on KPTI. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 target price on shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $14.00 target price on shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $15.00 target price on shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Canaccord Genuity reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 target price on shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics in a research note on Monday, March 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $13.96. Hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics by 3.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 374,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,639,000 after buying an additional 12,021 shares in the last quarter. Piermont Capital Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at $507,000. Citadel Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at $286,000. Baker BROS. Advisors LP acquired a new stake in shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics during the third quarter valued at $2,111,000. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Karyopharm Therapeutics during the fourth quarter valued at $343,000. 56.97% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Karyopharm Therapeutics (NASDAQ:KPTI) traded up 3.43% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $9.94. The company had a trading volume of 180,299 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $10.80 and its 200 day moving average is $10.08. The company’s market capitalization is $468.35 million. Karyopharm Therapeutics has a one year low of $6.27 and a one year high of $14.63. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $50,000.00” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/zacks-analysts-anticipate-karyopharm-therapeutics-inc-kpti-will-announce-quarterly-sales-of-50000-00.html. About Karyopharm Therapeutics Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of drugs directed against nuclear transport and related targets for the treatment of cancer and other diseases. It has discovered and is developing small molecule Selective Inhibitor of Nuclear Export (SINE) compounds that inhibit the nuclear export protein, XPO1. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Karyopharm Therapeutics (KPTI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China Isn’t Manipulating Currency, Commerce Secretary Ross Says May 12, 2017 — 11:20 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp China isn’t manipulating its currency, says U.S. Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross, adding that some things about the Volcker Rule can change. Prior to that, John Normand, JPMorgan’s head of FX, commodities and international rates research, says sterling will weaken. Roger Bootle, founder of Capital Economics, says the next five to 10 years will be disequilibrium on steroids. Randall Kroszner, a professor at the University of Chicago’s Booth School, says he’s heartened that the Fed’s discussions on rates and balance sheet adjustments haven’t caused a disruption. Finally, Geoff Robinson, UBS’ executive director of equity research, says Apple has serious buying power. Bloomberg Radio +1-212-617-5560 Running time 43:31 Play Episode Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance aTyr Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News aTyr Pharma Inc (LIFE) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.06 EPS Casella Waste Systems Inc. (CWST) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Maintains Stake in Bank Mutual Co. (BKMU) eHealth, Inc. (EHTH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Sells 6 Shares of Euronet Worldwide, Inc. (EEFT) 6,415 Shares in NVE Corp (NVEC) Acquired by Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Entellus Medical Inc (ENTL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Research Coverage Started at Gordon Haskett OLD National Bancorp IN Has $770,000 Stake in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) OLD National Bancorp IN Sells 36 Shares of PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) a $118.00 Price Target Bank of America Corp Boosts Everbridge Inc (EVBG) Price Target to $28.00 FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Acuityads Holdings Inc Issued By Cormark (AT) Analysts Anticipate Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $86.96 Million Gildan Activewear Inc (GIL) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $758.2 Million Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for AutoZone, Inc. (AZO) Decreased by Oppenheimer Holdings Barrington Research Weighs in on American Public Education, Inc.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (APEI) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Aecom Cut by DA Davidson (ACM) Ikkuma Resources Corp (IKM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages aTyr Pharma Inc (LIFE) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.06 EPS May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet aTyr Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:LIFE) released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday. The biotechnology company reported ($0.56) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.50) by $0.06. aTyr Pharma (NASDAQ:LIFE) remained flat at $3.10 on Friday. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,672 shares. aTyr Pharma has a 1-year low of $2.10 and a 1-year high of $4.45. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $3.27 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.13. The company’s market cap is $73.62 million. Several research analysts have issued reports on the company. Citigroup Inc increased their price objective on aTyr Pharma from $3.00 to $4.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. BMO Capital Markets set a $4.00 price objective on aTyr Pharma and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, March 18th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of aTyr Pharma in a research note on Saturday, March 18th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/atyr-pharma-inc-life-posts-earnings-results-misses-expectations-by-0-06-eps.html. About aTyr Pharma aTyr Pharma, Inc is a clinical-stage biotherapeutics company. The Company is engaged in the discovery and clinical development of medicines for patients suffering from severe, rare diseases using its Physiocrine biology, a discovered set of physiological modulators. The Company focuses on the development of Physiocrine-based therapeutics for the treatment of rare diseases, including facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy (FSHD) and limb-girdle muscular dystrophy (LGMD) 2B. Receive News & Ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for aTyr Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Teladoc Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teladoc Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Director Sells $316,285.05 in Stock Insider Selling: Aqua Metals Inc (AQMS) CFO Sells $350,400.00 in Stock Jason N. Gorevic Sells 15,000 Shares of Teladoc Inc (TDOC) Stock Corporation Tablo Buys 91,800 Shares of Teranga Gold Corp (TGZ) Stock Michael A. Wekerle Purchases 87,400 Shares of Mogo Finance Technology Inc (MOGO) Stock Forterra Inc (FRTA) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Pandora Media Inc (P) PT Lowered to $12.00 at BMO Capital Markets ICF International Inc (ICFI) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Investar Holding Corp (ISTR) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Downgraded by Instinet TD Securities Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc (RBA) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Golar LNG Limited (GLNG) to Sell Gladstone Commercial Co. (GOOD) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Allegion PLC (ALLE) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.06 Trecora Resources (TREC) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Ashford Hospitality Trust (AHT) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.28 Akamai Technologies (AKAM) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.24 Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Usca Ria LLC Has $4.794 Million Stake in Marathon Petroleum Corp (MPC) Geneva Advisors LLC Has $218,000 Stake in TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Jason N. Gorevic Sells 15,000 Shares of Teladoc Inc (TDOC) Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Teladoc Inc (NYSE:TDOC) CEO Jason N. Gorevic sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.11, for a total transaction of $346,650.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 833,261 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,256,661.71. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Shares of Teladoc Inc (NYSE:TDOC) traded down 0.51% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $29.55. 449,424 shares of the stock were exchanged. Teladoc Inc has a 52 week low of $9.28 and a 52 week high of $30.98. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $25.26 and its 200-day moving average is $20.39. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.61 billion. Teladoc (NYSE:TDOC) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The health services provider reported ($0.30) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.33) by $0.03. Teladoc had a negative net margin of 69.15% and a negative return on equity of 32.68%. The business had revenue of $42.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $42.22 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted ($0.40) earnings per share. Teladoc’s revenue for the quarter was up 59.5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Teladoc Inc will post ($0.87) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/jason-n-gorevic-sells-15000-shares-of-teladoc-inc-tdoc-stock.html. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Teladoc by 163.5% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 8,103,237 shares of the health services provider’s stock valued at $202,581,000 after buying an additional 5,028,237 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its stake in shares of Teladoc by 186.7% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 3,295,269 shares of the health services provider’s stock valued at $60,336,000 after buying an additional 2,146,021 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Teladoc by 8,826.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,606,535 shares of the health services provider’s stock valued at $40,163,000 after buying an additional 1,588,538 shares during the last quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. raised its stake in shares of Teladoc by 211.1% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 2,286,200 shares of the health services provider’s stock valued at $57,155,000 after buying an additional 1,551,315 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Eagle Asset Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Teladoc during the first quarter valued at about $32,598,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 46.61% of the company’s stock. A number of research analysts have issued reports on TDOC shares. Canaccord Genuity restated a “buy” rating and set a $24.00 target price on shares of Teladoc in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Cantor Fitzgerald decreased their target price on shares of Teladoc from $25.00 to $23.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Chardan Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Teladoc in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. set a $27.00 target price on shares of Teladoc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Cowen and Company set a $29.00 target price on shares of Teladoc and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $26.48. About Teladoc Teladoc, Inc is a telehealth company. The Company offers telehealth platform, delivering on-demand healthcare anytime, anywhere, through mobile devices, the Internet, video and phone. The Company’s solution connects its Members, with its over 3,000 board certified physicians and behavioral health professionals treating a range of conditions and cases from acute diagnoses, such as upper respiratory infection, urinary tract infection and sinusitis to dermatological conditions, anxiety and smoking cessation. Receive News & Ratings for Teladoc Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teladoc Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Marriott International Inc (MAR) Stifel Nicolaus Raises JD.Com Inc (JD) Price Target to $45.00 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Given a $75.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1.458 Million Stake in Trimble Inc (TRMB) Advisory Services Network LLC Buys New Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 799 WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Buys 2,350 Shares of Allstate Corp (ALL) Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Position Raised by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1.482 Million Stake in Lear Co. (LEA) Aramark (ARMK) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Sells 4,400 Shares of SCANA Co. (SCG) Spectra Energy Partners, LP (SEP) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.10 EPS Amaya Inc. (AYA) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Give Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc (OMED) a $6.00 Price Target Zacks Investment Research Lowers Magic Software Enterprises Ltd (MGIC) to Hold Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Buy Rating for Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Intact Financial Co. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.52 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts (IFC) Forward View Brokers Increase Earnings Estimates for VF Corp (VFC) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Axon Enterprise Inc (AAXN) Cut by Analyst Stifel Nicolaus Raises JD.Com Inc (JD) Price Target to $45.00 May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JD.Com Inc (NASDAQ:JD) had its price objective boosted by Stifel Nicolaus from $38.00 to $45.00 in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a buy rating on the information services provider’s stock. JD has been the subject of several other research reports. Vetr raised shares of JD.Com from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $31.46 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of JD.Com from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their price target on shares of JD.Com from $31.50 to $38.00 and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Brean Capital reissued a buy rating on shares of JD.Com in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Morgan Stanley reissued an overweight rating and set a $33.00 price objective (up from $27.00) on shares of JD.Com in a report on Monday, February 27th. Eight analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $35.78. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) traded up 1.8458% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $40.4939. The company had a trading volume of 5,845,970 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $57.48 billion. JD.Com has a one year low of $19.51 and a one year high of $40.62. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $33.57 and its 200 day moving average price is $29.12. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The information services provider reported $0.08 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.13. The business had revenue of $76.20 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $73.59 billion. JD.Com had a negative net margin of 4.18% and a negative return on equity of 28.18%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 41.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.15) earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that JD.Com will post $0.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/stifel-nicolaus-raises-jd-com-inc-jd-price-target-to-45-00.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Concourse Capital Management LLC increased its position in JD.Com by 152.9% in the first quarter. Concourse Capital Management LLC now owns 134,925 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $4,198,000 after buying an additional 81,573 shares in the last quarter. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in JD.Com by 2.7% in the first quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 1,365,263 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $42,474,000 after buying an additional 36,400 shares in the last quarter. Myriad Asset Management Ltd. acquired a new position in JD.Com during the first quarter worth about $24,823,000. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its position in JD.Com by 1.1% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 79,805 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $2,483,000 after buying an additional 892 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Formula Growth Ltd. acquired a new position in JD.Com during the first quarter worth about $2,200,000. Institutional investors own 49.74% of the company’s stock. JD.Com Company Profile JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States G1 Therapeutics Announces Potential Pricing for IPO By Chris Lange May 12, 2017 8:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet G1 Therapeutics has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering (IPO). The company expects to offer 6.25 million shares in the range of $15 to $17 per share, with an overallotment option for an additional 937,500 shares. At the maximum price, the offering is valued up to $122.19 million. The company plans to list its shares on the Nasdaq under the symbol GTHX. The underwriters for the offering are JPMorgan, Cowen, Needham and Wedbush PacGrow. This is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery and development of novel therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. Its two clinical assets are based on the core understanding of cyclin-dependent kinases (CDKs), a family of proteins that play an important role in the growth and proliferation of all human cells. Two particular CDKs, CDK4 and CDK6, collectively known as CDK4/6, represent a validated and promising class of targets for anti-cancer therapeutics. G1 has leveraged its expertise in CDK4/6 biology to discover and develop two highly potent and selective CDK4/6 inhibitors that may have broad applicability across multiple cancer indications. Management believes that it is the only company with two distinct clinical-stage CDK4/6 inhibitors, trilaciclib and G1T38, each of which has the potential to be the backbone therapy of multiple combination regimens. The firm further detailed in the filing: Trilaciclib, our most advanced candidate, is a potential first-in-class intravenous CDK4/6 inhibitor we rationally designed to preserve HSPCs and enhance immune system function during chemotherapy. Chemotherapy has significant clinical utility and continues to be the most effective treatment for many cancers. However, it also damages HSPCs (myelosuppression) and the immune system (immunosuppression), leading to severe adverse effects and limiting anti-tumor activity. We believe that if the beneficial effects of chemotherapy (i.e. potent tumor cell killing) could be maximized, while minimizing the deleterious side-effects of myelosuppression and immunosuppression, patient outcomes would be significantly improved. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to further develop its pipeline, with the remainder going toward working capital and general corporate purposes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Why JC Penney Earnings Disappointed Investors 10 Best New Car Deals for May » Read more: Healthcare Business, biotech, healthcare, IPOs and Secondaries, pharmaceuticals Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Customer Service Hall of Shame States Where the Most People Have Green Cards 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America America's Best States to Live In Customer Service Hall of Fame Recent J.C. Penney, General Electric Fall into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club General Electric, Merck Lead Drop in DJIA Friday 10 States With the Most and Least Access to Internet Broadband Service US Summer Weather Forecast: Wet and Hot Prevail Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How to Land a Higher Credit Score Should You Save Everything for Retirement, or Have Fun With Your Money Now? Jim Cramer Is Wrong About Wells Fargo: It's Not Like Chipotle Nasdaq Composite Index ends 0.1% higher on the day S&P 500 ends 0.2% lower Dow Jones Industrial Average closes down 0.1% The S&P Will Double Within the Next 5 Years Snap Shares Climb 6% as Analyst Sentiment Remains Strong New Zealand Keeps Rate Unchanged: ETFs in Focus AP FACT CHECK: US-China trade deal is big, but not that big Trump lawyers: Documents show no undisclosed Russian income Georgia Power reaches deal to keep Vogtle construction going Amazon's New Seattle Campus Will Include A Homeless Shelter Trump’s New Trade Deal With China Hurts The Coal Industry He Promised To Help In A Win For Waymo, Judge Rules Uber Lawsuit Will Go To Trial Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Column The uneasy calm in markets can’t last, and may be bullish for gold Fri Article Asante Gold hopeful of picking up the pace in Kubi negotiations Video EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW 'Real money's again talking to real companies' - Mining Capital's Alastair Ford Markets WALL STREET Nasdaq puts S&P 500 and Dow in the shade - again Markets MARKET MOVERS Risers & Fallers: Technical Communications, Trade Desk, Capricor... Newswire NioCorp Developments Ltd Niocorp doubles the size of fund-raising Funds raised will be used for general working capital purposes. Newswire MGX Minerals MGX Minerals revs up after closing financing The share issue raised gross proceeds of $3.2mln iAnthus Capital bordering on big things In the US, cannabis is legal at the state level and illegal at the... Anglo Pacific yield looking increasingly anomalous suggests broker Macquarie The focus is to add further royalties to the portfolio. Ming upgrade to rejuvenate Rambler Metals and Mining RMM is continuing to move in the right direction operationally.says Cantor View all Big picture articles Breaking Exclusive executive interviews Fri 'Real money's again talking to real companies' - Mining... Mining Capital's Alastair Ford tells Proactive's Stocktube encouraging signs are emerging within the... Wed ISC's Jeff Stusek 'pretty happy' with Q1 performance Jeff Stusek, president and chief executive officer of ISC (TSE:ISV) tells Proactive's Andrew Scott they... Wed First quarter 'the sign of a good year ahead' - Anglo Pacific's... Julian Treger, chief executive of Anglo Pacific Group plc (LON:APF TSE:APY) runs Proactive's Andrew... View all Executive interviews Newswires Breaking Niocorp doubles the size of fund-raisingFri MGX Minerals revs up after closing financingFri JC Penney slides as sales miss againFri Falcon Oil & Gas confirms strong financial position as Aussie fracking hiatus continuesThu Wells Fargo & Company to swing the cost-cutting axe harderThu Uber not "a mere intermediary between drivers and passengers", EU adviser rulesThu Lydian lauds "excellent progress" at AmulsarThu Tesla boss says orders for its solar roof product will open todayThu Merck gets Keytruda go-ahead as a first line lung cancer treatment Thu NioCorp boosts working capital through share issueWed Rocket Fuel brought down to earth; releases "malvertising" screenerWed Proteon Therapeutics soars on FDA ruling on lead drug candidateWed Medical Transcription Billing eyes return to profit Wed Time Inc shares crash again as sales tumble and divi is slashedWed DHX Media strikes deal to acquire Charlie Brown and SnoopyWed Caspian Sunrise spuds 144 well in KazakhstanTue KNeoMedia’s order book continues to grow in New York CityTue Mariana Resources adds third rig to its ongoing drill programme at Hot Maden in TurkeyTue SeaWorld hit by late Easter and Shamu absenceTue Caledonia Mining tweaks production guidance as development work progresses Tue Asiamet completes sale of Jelai for $800,000Mon Regis Corporation rises as it confirms Rache Endrizzi as chief marketing officerMon Horizon Pharma shares crash as losses almost double in first quarterMon COPL focussing on offshore Nigeria asset May 05 2017 Liberty One Lithium's shares rise as it closes final tranche of share placementMay 05 2017 Avanti Energy closes final tranche of private placementMay 05 2017 SDX Energy to prioritise South Disouq gas field development May 04 2017 Khalkos set to consolidate position at Malartic camp May 04 2017 Fitbit shares up after results but questions remain, says broker WedbushMay 04 2017 Fintech group MOBI724 Global Solutions starts trading on OTCQB View All News Features Jagged Peak hits the heights after sharp rise in output John Harrington , Fri Revenues raced ahead to US$39.2mln from US$9.98mln the year before, but, on paper at least, the... Fiat Chrysler forced to recall 1.25mln Ram pickups due to potentially fatal software error Tom Howard, Fri “The company is aware of one fatality, two injuries and two accidents that may be related” Apple's target price raised by Goldman Sachs ahead of next iPhone release Renae Dyer , Fri Goldman Sachs has raised its earnings forecasts for Apple as it expects the upcoming release of... The uneasy calm in markets can’t last, and may be bullish for gold Fri Volatility is at multi-year lows, and yet that seems counter-intuitive in a world where... Klondex Mines upgrades True North reserve estimate again John Harrington , Fri Production is likely to be weighted to the second half of the year. Klondex remains on track to... AstraZeneca reports “highly encouraging” initial results from its PACIFIC lung cancer trial Tom Howard, Fri It bodes well for the upcoming readout of the MYSTIC trial which is what investors and the... VIEW ALL FEATURES The Newswire Niocorp doubles the size of fund-raising Fri MGX Minerals revs up after closing financing John Harrington , Fri JC Penney slides as sales miss again Philip Whiterow, Fri Falcon Oil & Gas confirms strong financial position as Aussie fracking hiatus continues Jamie Ashcroft, Fri Wells Fargo & Company to swing the cost-cutting axe harder John Harrington , Thu Uber not "a mere intermediary between drivers and passengers", EU adviser rules John Harrington , Thu VIEW ALL THE NEWSWIRES Videos 'Real money's again talking to real companies' - Mining Capital's Alastair Ford Fri Mining Capital's Alastair Ford tells Proactive's Stocktube encouraging signs are... ISC's Jeff Stusek 'pretty happy' with Q1 performance Wed Jeff Stusek, president and chief executive officer of ISC (TSE:ISV) tells Proactive's... First quarter 'the sign of a good year ahead' - Anglo Pacific's Julian Treger Wed Julian Treger, chief executive of Anglo Pacific Group plc (LON:APF TSE:APY) runs... Mawson Resources seeing 'great results' from drilling at Rompas-Rajapalot Wed Michael Hudson, chairman and chief executive of Mawson Resources Ltd (TSX:MAW) tells... 'It's expandable at all scales' - Hannan Metals' Michael Hudson on... Wed Michael Hudson, chairman and chief executive of Hannan Metals Limited (CVE: HAN) talks... Caledonia Mining 's Blanket development going well says CEO Tue A tweak to  guidance this year reflects the juggling act between current production... VIEW ALL VIDEOS Big picture - Investment ideas not to miss iAnthus Capital bordering on big things Thu In the US, cannabis is legal at the state level and illegal at the federal level. Things are... Anglo Pacific yield looking increasingly anomalous suggests broker Macquarie Thu The focus is to add further royalties to the portfolio. Ming upgrade to rejuvenate Rambler Metals and Mining Tue RMM is continuing to move in the right direction operationally.says Cantor Canalaska Uranium's increase in activities looks well timed Mon Kazakhstan's decision to curtail uranium output by 10% from its mines gave a shot in the arm to... Liberty One Lithium picks opportune time to begin its lithium-brine odyssey Mon Lithium is hotter than a Samsung smartphone battery right now Balmoral Resources opening up new gold zones in the Abitibi May 03 2017 Balmoral has delivered a string of attractive exploration results from its Martiniere gold... VIEW ALL Events 16May Proactive's Spotlight CEO Investor Sessions W Resources | Ariana Resources | Savannah Petroleum | Kalimantan Gold Melbourne CQ Functions, 113 Queen Street, Melbourne Register 17May Proactive's Spotlight CEO Investor Sessions W Resources | Ariana Resources | Savannah Petroleum | Kalimantan Gold Sydney Radisson Blu Hotel (Marble Room), Cnr Pitt & O’Connell St, Sydney Register 18:00 Midatech Pharma Plc Amryt Pharmaceuticals Ergomed Plc18May Proactive Investors One2One Investor Forum W Resources | Ariana Resources | Savannah Petroleum | Kalimantan Gold London Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel, 35 Charles Street, Mayfair Register 25May Proactive Investors One2One Investor Forum W Resources | Ariana Resources | Savannah Petroleum | Kalimantan Gold London Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel, 35 Charles Street, Mayfair Register 31May Proactive Investors One2One Investor Forum W Resources | Ariana Resources | Savannah Petroleum | Kalimantan Gold London Chesterfield Mayfair Hotel, 35 Charles Street, Mayfair Register View all proactive events Market Pulse Breaking Niocorp doubles the size of fund-raisingFri MGX Minerals revs up after closing financingFri JC Penney slides as sales miss againFri Falcon Oil & Gas confirms strong financial position as Aussie fracking hiatus continuesThu Wells Fargo & Company to swing the cost-cutting axe harderThu Uber not "a mere intermediary between drivers and passengers", EU adviser rulesThu Lydian lauds "excellent progress" at AmulsarThu Tesla boss says orders for its solar roof product will open todayThu Merck gets Keytruda go-ahead as a first line lung cancer treatment Thu NioCorp boosts working capital through share issueWed Rocket Fuel brought down to earth; releases "malvertising" screenerWed Proteon Therapeutics soars on FDA ruling on lead drug candidateWed Medical Transcription Billing eyes return to profit Wed Time Inc shares crash again as sales tumble and divi is slashedWed DHX Media strikes deal to acquire Charlie Brown and SnoopyWed Caspian Sunrise spuds 144 well in KazakhstanTue KNeoMedia’s order book continues to grow in New York CityTue Mariana Resources adds third rig to its ongoing drill programme at Hot Maden in TurkeyTue SeaWorld hit by late Easter and Shamu absenceTue Caledonia Mining tweaks production guidance as development work progresses Tue Asiamet completes sale of Jelai for $800,000Mon Regis Corporation rises as it confirms Rache Endrizzi as chief marketing officerMon Horizon Pharma shares crash as losses almost double in first quarterMon COPL focussing on offshore Nigeria asset May 05 2017 Liberty One Lithium's shares rise as it closes final tranche of share placementMay 05 2017 Avanti Energy closes final tranche of private placementMay 05 2017 SDX Energy to prioritise South Disouq gas field development May 04 2017 Khalkos set to consolidate position at Malartic camp May 04 2017 Fitbit shares up after results but questions remain, says broker WedbushMay 04 2017 Fintech group MOBI724 Global Solutions starts trading on OTCQB View All News GLOBAL PROACTIVE INVESTORS Pro AU Pro UK Intec Ltd is Friday's ASX Most Traded with 82 million October 07 2016 Friday's ASX Volume Leaders at the close. Company ... MZI Resources Ltd's Trevor Matthews talks cash flow at Pr... October 07 2016 MZI Resources Ltd's (ASX:MZI) managing director, Trevor M... Stellar Resources Ltd's Peter Blight talks tin at Proacti... October 07 2016 Stellar Resources Ltd's (ASX:SRZ) managing director, Pete... Stargroup Ltd's Todd Zani talks record revenue at Proacti... October 07 2016 Stargroup Ltd's (ASX:STL) chief executive officer, Todd Z... Ventnor Resources Ltd's Bruce Maluish talks exploration a... October 07 2016 Ventnor Resources Ltd's (ASX:VRX) managing director, Bruc... Visit Proactiveinvestors AU Proactive weekly oil and gas news – LGO Energy, Hurricane... 06:20 Trinidad oil and gas firm LGO Energy PLC (LON:LGO) is ... Proactive weekly mining news – Alecto Minerals, Anglo Pac... 06:05 Alecto Minerals PLC (LON:ALO) told investors this week... Tesco's boss Dave Lewis receives 10% pay cut despite retu... Fri Tesco plc’s (LON:TSCO) chief executive Dave Lewis had ... Proactive end of day news wrap: Galileo Resources, Anglo ... Fri Galileo Resources PLC (LON:GLR) has been notified that... Fantastic Beasts set to star for Bloomsbury Publishing Fri How much has Bloomsbury Publishing (LON:BMY) been buoy... Visit Proactiveinvestors UK Tweets by @proactive_na Popular features iAnthus Capital bordering on big thingsThu - Anglo Pacific yield looking increasingly anomalous suggests broker MacquarieTue - Ming upgrade to rejuvenate Rambler Metals and Mining Mon - Canalaska Uranium's increase in activities looks well timedMon - Liberty One Lithium picks opportune time to begin its lithium-brine odysseyMay 03 2017 - Balmoral Resources opening up new gold zones in the AbitibiApril 27 2017 - Bob Archer steps aside to allow new blood to take Great Panther Silver to the next levelApril 25 2017 - Scorpio going for gold in Nevada April 25 2017 - Gold explorer Logan hoping to make the grade in Utah and NevadaApril 19 2017 - Arizona Silver Exploration looking to breathe life back into La Paz county's Ramsey mine International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nektar Therapeutics - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nektar Therapeutics with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Price Target to $30.00 Kohl's Co.’s (KSS) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) PT Raised to $8.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) to “Strong-Buy” AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Earns Market Perform Rating from Cowen and Company Post Holdings Inc (POST) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Pivotal Research Avinger (AVGR) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.00 Maxim Group Increases Liberty Interactive Group (QVCA) Price Target to $39.00 Inogen Inc (INGN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BlackRock Resources and Commodities (BCX) Getting Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Aegis ASA Gold and Precious Metals (ASA) Given Media Impact Score of 0.18 Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.12 EPS Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Issues Earnings Results Unique Fabricating Inc (UFAB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Symantec Co. (SYMC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Zacks Investment Research Lowers Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) to Strong Sell HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Aegis May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by equities research analysts at Aegis in a report issued on Wednesday. They presently have a $27.00 price target on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Aegis’ target price suggests a potential upside of 39.10% from the company’s previous close. Other research analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Roth Capital set a $23.00 price objective on Nektar Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, March 4th. Jefferies Group LLC set a $25.00 price objective on Nektar Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Saturday, April 22nd. Piper Jaffray Companies reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $29.00 price objective on shares of Nektar Therapeutics in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Zacks Investment Research raised Nektar Therapeutics from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $24.00 price objective on Nektar Therapeutics and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $25.25. Shares of Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) traded up 0.15% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $19.44. 179,537 shares of the stock were exchanged. Nektar Therapeutics has a one year low of $11.41 and a one year high of $24.88. The company’s market cap is $2.99 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $20.09 and a 200-day moving average of $15.06. Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.42) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.40) by $0.02. Nektar Therapeutics had a negative return on equity of 8,769.15% and a negative net margin of 98.87%. The business had revenue of $24.73 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $29.43 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned ($0.14) EPS. The company’s revenue was down 58.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Nektar Therapeutics will post ($1.19) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/nektar-therapeutics-nktr-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-aegis.html. In related news, CFO Gil M. Labrucherie sold 200,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.16, for a total transaction of $3,032,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, Director Robert Chess sold 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.72, for a total value of $93,600.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 276,623 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,178,382.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 535,189 shares of company stock worth $9,921,428. Corporate insiders own 6.10% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in NKTR. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. increased its position in Nektar Therapeutics by 2.1% in the first quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,101,445 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $25,851,000 after buying an additional 22,991 shares during the period. Legal & General Group Plc increased its position in Nektar Therapeutics by 1.6% in the first quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 268,311 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $6,303,000 after buying an additional 4,146 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its position in Nektar Therapeutics by 22.4% in the first quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 735,117 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $17,253,000 after buying an additional 134,754 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in Nektar Therapeutics by 103.8% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 663,324 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $15,568,000 after buying an additional 337,868 shares during the period. Finally, FMR LLC increased its position in Nektar Therapeutics by 42.4% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,947,644 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $45,711,000 after buying an additional 580,341 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.80% of the company’s stock. Nektar Therapeutics Company Profile Nektar Therapeutics is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers and develops medicines in areas of high unmet medical need. The Company’s research and development pipeline of new investigational drugs includes treatments for cancer, auto-immune disease and chronic pain. It leverages its chemistry platform to discover and design new drug candidates. Receive News & Ratings for Nektar Therapeutics Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nektar Therapeutics and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bank of Commerce Holdings (BOCH) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Stifel Nicolaus Lowers Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Price Target to $30.00 Kohl's Co.’s (KSS) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Kosmos Energy Ltd (KOS) PT Raised to $8.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) to “Strong-Buy” AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Earns Market Perform Rating from Cowen and Company Post Holdings Inc (POST) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Pivotal Research Avinger (AVGR) Earns Media Impact Rating of 0.00 Maxim Group Increases Liberty Interactive Group (QVCA) Price Target to $39.00 Inogen Inc (INGN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BlackRock Resources and Commodities (BCX) Getting Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Nektar Therapeutics (NKTR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Aegis ASA Gold and Precious Metals (ASA) Given Media Impact Score of 0.18 Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.12 EPS Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Issues Earnings Results Unique Fabricating Inc (UFAB) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Symantec Co. (SYMC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Zacks Investment Research Lowers Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) to Strong Sell HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Inogen Inc (INGN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report released on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Inogen reported a solid first quarter of 2017, beating the Zacks Consensus Estimate on both the counts. Over the last three months, the company outperformed the broader industry in terms of price. However, rental revenue headwinds are a concern, thanks to private insurance rate reductions, higher provisions for rental revenue adjustments and lower net patient additions. Inogen generates a significant portion of its revenues from the International market. Volatility in foreign exchange rate is expected to mar the company’s top line in the coming quarters. Furthermore, the stock looks a bit overvalued at the moment when compared to the market at large. However, Inogen has provided a positive guidance for full-year 2017. The company’s unique direct-to-customer business model, an innovative product line and growing patient base are key catalysts in our view.” Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on INGN. Stifel Nicolaus raised their price objective on shares of Inogen from $65.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $96.00 price objective on shares of Inogen in a research report on Wednesday. Sidoti assumed coverage on shares of Inogen in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $79.00 price objective for the company. TheStreet upgraded shares of Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on shares of Inogen and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $77.50. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) traded down 0.16% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $83.17. The company had a trading volume of 42,571 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $79.09 and a 200-day moving average of $69.01. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.70 billion, a PE ratio of 85.74 and a beta of 1.07. Inogen has a one year low of $43.16 and a one year high of $88.61. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The medical technology company reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.15. Inogen had a net margin of 7.70% and a return on equity of 9.59%. The business had revenue of $52.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $49.06 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.12 EPS. Inogen’s revenue was up 22.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Inogen will post $1.04 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/inogen-inc-ingn-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other Inogen news, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 3,750 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.07, for a total transaction of $262,762.50. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 31,851 shares in the company, valued at $2,231,799.57. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total transaction of $184,625.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 4,833 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $356,917.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 18,750 shares of company stock valued at $1,435,588 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 5.18% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Peregrine Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Inogen by 4.9% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 397,789 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $30,510,000 after buying an additional 18,543 shares during the last quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Inogen by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC now owns 15,312 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $1,029,000 after buying an additional 393 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Inogen by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 67,727 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $4,057,000 after buying an additional 449 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter worth $18,813,000. Finally, Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. acquired a new stake in Inogen during the third quarter worth $211,000. About Inogen Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Inogen (INGN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Detroit Startup Week™ Fuels Business Success May 22-26, 2017 Detroit Startup Week™ Fuels Business Success May 22-26, 2017 Posted on May 12, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Global power meets Detroit innovation to celebrate entrepreneurship. Detroit, Michigan (PRWEB) May 12, 2017 On the heels of a record breaking inaugural 2016 event, Detroit Startup Week, hosted by Techstars and powered by Chase for Business, is returning to Detroit May 22-26 to celebrate Detroit’s dynamic entrepreneur community. Startup businesses of every type and stage are invited to over 100 no cost events that are designed to support startup growth and build a stronger business ecosystem in Detroit. “In true Detroit fashion, Startup Week broke the mold when it came to Detroit for the first time in 2016,” said Monica Wheat, lead of Detroit Startup Week and founder of Parallel Ventures. “With almost 4,000 attendees we surpassed all other inaugural Startup Week programs in the U.S., showing the power of the Detroit entrepreneurial community and the unmatched enthusiasm Detroiters have for growing our economy. This year’s Detroit Startup Week will only gain from that momentum.” New this year is Detroit Startup Week’s partnership with Detroit Entrepreneur Week, welcoming its founders to the advisory board and benefiting from their deep community relationships. This partnership will foster greater collaboration across business sectors, allowing tech companies and place-based startups to learn from and network with each other. “Helping entrepreneurs unleash innovative ideas is a prerequisite to economic growth,” said Regina Ann Campbell, managing director of place-based entrepreneurship at TechTown Detroit, and Detroit Startup Week advisory board member. “Bringing together startups and businesses from every stage and sector at this year’s event will be a remarkable opportunity for serendipitous collisions and idea creation.” In order to honor the strength of diversity among Detroit businesses and convey commitment to the Detroit community, Detroit Startup Week will also feature distinct neighborhood programming each day of the event, including MidTown, Osborn, Southwest and Grandmont-Rosedale. Some neighborhood programming will even be offered in Spanish and Arabic. As part of JPMorgan Chase’s $100 million, five-year commitment to Detroit’s economic recovery, the firm backs Detroit Startup Week to help deliver impact to entrepreneurs through powerful learning opportunities and exposure to investors. As a founding partner and lead sponsor, Chase for Business allows the events to be free and open to the public, providing programming and mentorship throughout the week. Tech giant Google will offer sessions on technology and marketing, including Google My Business, Adwords and Growth Marketing for Startups. Opportunities to achieve funding will occur throughout the week and will include Quicken Loans Detroit Demo Day, where hundreds of companies will compete for a share of $1 million, and Vino & Ventures, a competition for women entrepreneurs to win seed funding and investor meetings. Event goers will benefit from 15 learning tracks to support every facet of business development, including Technology, Entrepreneurship 101, Growth-Stage Entrepreneurship, Mobility, Music, Food-preneurship, Design/Art, Civic Innovation, Social Entrepreneurship, IoT – Internet of Things, MedTech, FinTech, Place-Based Entrepreneurship, Retail Entrepreneurship and Youth Entrepreneurship. “There is no other city like Detroit for starting and growing businesses,” said Jill Ford, special advisor to Detroit Mayor Mike Duggan on innovation and entrepreneurship initiatives at the City of Detroit. “Our strong community of long time and early stage entrepreneurs, business support organizations, and initiatives such as the Detroit Startup Week provide a family of support for Detroit businesses at every stage of their development. Detroit Startup Week continues to be an extraordinary demonstration of the power of community collaboration.” Ford is a member of the Detroit Startup Week’s volunteer advisory board, which is tasked with event strategy. Other members include:     Regina Ann Campbell, Paul Riser and Marcus Harris (Techtown Detroit)     Christina Christian (Techstars)     Ted Serbinski and Lisa Seymour (Techstars Mobility)     Devita Davison (FoodLabs Detroit)     Robin Kinnie (Great Lakes Women’s Business Council)     Christianne Sims (BUILD Institute)     Joanna Dueweke (ProsperUS Detroit)     Lashawna Manigault (LifeLine Consulting)     Thomas Linn and Wendolyn Richards (Miller Canfield)     Aubrey Agee (Wayne State University)     James Chapman (Rock Ventures)     Jake L’Ecuyer, Kyle Bazzy and Monica Wheat (Detroit Startup Week) The week will offer sessions aligned with the tracks, networking opportunities, concerts, and even complimentary headshots and legal advice for entrepreneurs. Event headquarters will be at the historic Masonic Temple, known for the week as #ChaseBasecamp. Events will take place at many Detroit venues including Techtown Detroit, GEM Theater and other advisory board member locations. This is all made possible by the generous support of title sponsor Chase for Business and event sponsors that include Quicken Loans/Rock Ventures, Google, Pixo Group, AMBR Detroit, and Parallel Ventures, with more sponsors joining daily. “Techstars Startup Programs is an innovator in their field, launching not just Detroit’s event, but Startup Week programs across the country,” said Wheat. “The robust support from Chase for Business, together with the expertise and resources of 50+ other passionate and influential volunteer leads, will dial up the impact of this year’s Detroit Startup Week. We are humbled by all of our partners’ dedication to Detroit’s business community, and excited for another exhilarating, meaningful celebration of entrepreneurship through Detroit Startup Week 2017.” Visit Detroit.StartupWeek.co for free registration, information about funding opportunities, and event offerings. New sessions will be added to the lineup on a rolling basis. About Chase Chase is the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. Chase serves nearly half of America’s households with a broad range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. Customers can choose how and where they want to bank: 5,200 branches, 16,000 ATMs, mobile, online and by phone. For more information, go to Chase.com. About Techstars Techstars helps entrepreneurs succeed. Through the Techstars Worldwide Entrepreneur Network, founders and their teams connect with other entrepreneurs, experts, mentors, alumni, investors, community leaders, and corporate partners who will help their companies grow. Techstars operates four divisions: Techstars Startup Programs, Techstars Mentorship-Driven Accelerator Programs, Techstars Corporate Innovation Partnerships, and the Techstars Venture Capital Fund. Techstars Mentorship-Driven Accelerator Program supercharges success and Techstars Startup Programs inspire, educate and connect entrepreneurs. Techstars Venture Capital Fund invests in the most innovative and disruptive Techstars companies to fuel their success. Techstars Corporate Innovation Partnerships helps brands create world-changing products and services. Techstars accelerator portfolio includes more than 1,000 companies with a market cap of $8.1 billion. http://www.techstars.com About Detroit Startup Week Startup Week™ brings entrepreneurs, local leaders, and friends together over five days to build momentum and opportunity around Detroit’s unique entrepreneurial identity. Detroit Startup Week is led by entrepreneurs and hosted in entrepreneurial spaces all over Detroit. Tracks include technology, entrepreneurship 101, mobility, music, food-preneurship, growth-stage entrepreneurship, design/art, civic innovation, retail entrepreneurship, place-based entrepreneurship, medtech, fintech, social entrepreneurship, Internet of things (IoT) and youth entrepreneurship. This Techstars initiative can be found in dozens of cities worldwide. Detroit Startup Week is powered by Chase for Business and made possible by Chase, Quicken Loans / Rock Ventures, Google, Pixo Group, AMBR Detroit, Parallel Ventures and many others. To learn more or register, go to detroit.startupweek.co. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14331563.htm Latest News Detroit Startup Week™ Fuels Business Success May 22-26, 2017 Bail Reform Bills In State Legislature Strongly Opposed By Alliance Of California Judges Coveted Italian Renaissance-Inspired Jupiter Island Residence Situated on the Shores of the Atlantic Ocean Goes on the Market Team Fleisher Communications Receives Prestigious 2017 PRism Awards Rosetta Genomics Announces Favorable Results from Two Pilot Studies Comparing RosettaGX Reveal(TM) and the Afirma GEC Assay for the Classification of Indeterminate Thyroid Nodules Introducing “Rouge Academy,” a Makeup Masterclass Series Proactive Worldwide Launches Next Generation “Ask an Analyst” Competitive Intelligence Software Subscription Service SpeedPro Imaging, the Nation’s Leading Printing and Graphics Franchise, Hosts Record-Setting Franchisee Convention Locally-Influenced Yucatecan Cooking Class Now Offered At Grand Velas Riviera Maya Advantexe’s Drivers of Business Performance Business Simulation Wins Coveted Stevie Award® © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Restaurants & Bars Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive New food hall set for downtown Houston By Greg Morago May 12, 2017 Updated: May 12, 2017 9:31am Photo: The Jones On Main Image 1of/6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 2 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 3 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 4 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 5 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main Image 6 of 6 The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. Shown: the lobby of 712 Main. less The Food Hall on Main, 20,000-square-foot food hall, is scheduled to open early 2018 at the JPMorgan Chase building, 712 Main, in The Jones on Main. it will feature a dozen chef-driven food outlets, a craft ... more Photo: The Jones On Main New food hall set for downtown Houston 1 / 6 Back to Gallery A new food hall is coming to downtown Houston complete with a dozen food outlets, a craft beer and wine bar, and an art deco cocktail lounge. The Food Hall at Main and Rusk is set to open in early 2018 at The Jones on Main in the JPMorgan Chase building at 712 Main – the former Gulf Oil Building that is undergoing a major renovation by Houston developer Midway. The 37-story tower's owner, Lionstone Investments, in partnership with Midway, has tapped Austin-based Oz Rey, LLC, to develop and operate the food hall. "We are thrilled about the addition of the food hall as it is a key element of our overall re-positioning efforts at The Jones on Main," said Fernando Urrutia, vice president of asset management for Lionstone. "This addition will provide myriad exciting dining options not only for our tenants, but for our neighbors as well." The food hall, which will offer breakfast, lunch and dinner options, is designed to be a culinary destination with a "curated group of celebrated local and global chefs." The dining and drinking concepts will be located in the grand lobby of the building. While no local chefs or concepts have been identified for the project, the food hall is described as a 20,000-square-foot project that will feature "chef-driven food outlets, a craft beer and curated wine bar, and art deco cocktail lounge and unique private spaces." Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Restaurants & Bars New food hall set for downtown Houston Danny Trace joins team at Potente and Osso & Kristalla Houston's great locally owned 'mini-chain' restaurants are Date set for Southern Smoke 2017 Top Houston restaurants upping the bar-food game Nationally, food halls are a culinary/retail trend. There are major food halls in New York (Chelsea Market, Grand Central Terminal, Gotham West Market); Krog Street Market in Atlanta; Union Market in Washington, DC; Market on Market in San Francisco; Eataly (various cities); Pike Place Market in Seattle; Reading Terminal Market in Philadelphia; St. Roch Market in New Orleans. In New York two new food halls are taking shape: Bourdain Market from Anthony Bourdain, and another at 10 Hudson Yards from chef Jose Andres. Houston's first food hall, also downtown, opened last year at 1010 Prairie. Conservatory, a 7,500-square-foot beer garden and food hall in the basement of the former Isis Theatre, features vendors such as El Burro & the Bull, Arte Pizzeria, Moku Bar, Melange Creperie, Mars Bakery, and Noble Rot Wine Bar. The Food Hall on Main, the working name of the food hall, will be renamed at a later date. The partners of the food hall project are currently looking for operators of the dining and drinking concepts. Greg Morago Food Editor, Houston Chronicle Houston Fatal fire shakes historic community that lacks hydrants Houston Jails struggle with hygiene for some women inmates Jenny Dial Creech Few answers, but plenty of hope for Rockets Gray Matters Why Mother's Day is hard Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercadolibre Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barings Global Short Duratin Hgh Yld Fnd (BGH) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Robert W. Baird Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Core-Mark Holding Company, Inc. (CORE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co (RS) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Richard J. Kogan Sells 8,000 Shares of Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Stock Insider Selling: Dorman Products Inc. (DORM) Director Sells $627,941.10 in Stock Columbia Banking System Inc (COLB) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. Impax Laboratories Inc (IPXL) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Western Asset Premier Bond Fund (WEA) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Clough Global Dividend and Income Fund (GLV) Announces $0.10 Monthly Dividend Miller Industries, Inc. (MLR) CEO Sells $628,670.00 in Stock Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) Receives Media Impact Rating of -0.02 Ventas (VTR) Given Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.10 Validus Holdings (VR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Shows VirnetX Holding (VHC) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Brokerages Anticipate USG Co. (USG) Will Announce Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the twelve analysts that are presently covering the firm. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, three have given a hold recommendation and eight have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $224.58. MELI has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Barclays PLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $275.00 price target on shares of Mercadolibre in a report on Sunday, May 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their price target on Mercadolibre from $260.00 to $290.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Zacks Investment Research raised Mercadolibre from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $207.00 price target for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $250.00 price target on Mercadolibre and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Cowen and Company boosted their price target on Mercadolibre from $192.00 to $211.00 and gave the stock a “market perform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. Shares of Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) traded up 2.6408% on Friday, reaching $288.2871. The company had a trading volume of 91,667 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $12.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 82.3207 and a beta of 2.17. Mercadolibre has a 52-week low of $123.42 and a 52-week high of $288.41. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $227.27 and its 200-day moving average price is $190.76. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $1.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.78 by $0.32. The firm had revenue of $273.90 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $247.85 million. Mercadolibre had a return on equity of 38.86% and a net margin of 16.13%. The company’s revenue was up 73.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.68 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Mercadolibre will post $4.79 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 17th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were given a dividend of $0.15 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.21%. Mercadolibre’s payout ratio is 21.43%. In related news, VP Stelleo Tolda sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $211.00, for a total transaction of $422,000.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 0.36% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank raised its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 255.4% in the third quarter. Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 3,383 shares of the company’s stock valued at $626,000 after buying an additional 2,431 shares during the last quarter. Motley Fool Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the third quarter valued at approximately $786,000. KCG Holdings Inc. raised its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 122.6% in the third quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 5,842 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,081,000 after buying an additional 3,218 shares during the last quarter. USA Financial Portformulas Corp acquired a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the third quarter valued at approximately $296,000. Finally, Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. raised its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 89.1% in the third quarter. Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 12,100 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,238,000 after buying an additional 5,700 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 76.61% of the company’s stock. WARNING: “Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/mercadolibre-inc-meli-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-analysts.html. Mercadolibre Company Profile MercadoLibre, Inc is an e-commerce company. The Company enables commerce through its marketplace platform in Latin America, which is designed to provide users with a portfolio of services to facilitate commercial transactions. Its geographic segments are Brazil, Argentina, Mexico Venezuela and Other Countries (which includes Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the United States of America). Receive News & Ratings for Mercadolibre Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Green Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Green Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) to Strong Sell HSN, Inc. (HSNI) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Capital One Financial Corp. Equities Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Seaside Exploration Partners Corp (CJ) Athersys, Inc. (ATHX) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.06) Per Share, William Blair Forecasts Research Analysts Offer Predictions for CECO Environmental Corp.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CECE) Chimerix Inc (CMRX) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.45) Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Markel Corp Maintains Position in Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Camelot Portfolios LLC Buys Shares of 4,581 Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Stake Reduced by Wells Fargo & Company MN Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $8.712 Million Position in Progressive Corp (PGR) 107,700 Shares in Cummins Inc. (CMI) Acquired by Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc. Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $52.912 Million Stake in Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) DST Systems, Inc. (DST) Shares Bought by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board CDK Global Inc (CDK) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN Wells Fargo & Company MN Raises Position in Autohome Inc (ATHM) Barings Global Short Duratin Hgh Yld Fnd (BGH) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Robert W. Baird Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Green Bancorp Inc (GNBC) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Green Bancorp Inc (NASDAQ:GNBC) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Tuesday. They currently have $21.00 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. According to Zacks, “Green Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company for Green Bank, N.A. The Bank is a nationally chartered commercial bank providing commercial and private banking services. It offers deposit accounts comprising demand, savings, money market, and time accounts. The Company also provides loans, including residential real estate loans, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, installment loans, unsecured and secured personal lines of credit, overdraft protection and letters of credit. It also provides a range of online banking solutions; and extended drive-through hours, and ATMs, as well as banking through telephone, mail, and personal appointment. Green Bancorp, Inc. is headquartered in Houston, Texas. “ Separately, Piper Jaffray Companies initiated coverage on Green Bancorp in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. They issued an overweight rating and a $18.00 price objective for the company. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Green Bancorp presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $13.85. Green Bancorp (NASDAQ:GNBC) traded down 0.26% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $19.20. The company had a trading volume of 19,835 shares. Green Bancorp has a 1-year low of $7.36 and a 1-year high of $19.51. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $17.33 and its 200-day moving average price is $15.20. The stock has a market capitalization of $710.67 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 171.43 and a beta of 2.17. Green Bancorp (NASDAQ:GNBC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.07. Green Bancorp had a negative return on equity of 0.16% and a negative net margin of 0.57%. The business had revenue of $38.14 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $36.70 million. On average, analysts expect that Green Bancorp will post $1.06 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/green-bancorp-inc-gnbc-raised-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. FFL Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Green Bancorp during the fourth quarter valued at $76,090,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Green Bancorp by 790.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 277,616 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $4,942,000 after buying an additional 246,435 shares during the last quarter. Hennessy Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Green Bancorp by 242.1% in the first quarter. Hennessy Advisors Inc. now owns 325,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $5,785,000 after buying an additional 230,000 shares during the last quarter. Patriot Financial Partners GP LP boosted its position in Green Bancorp by 57.8% in the first quarter. Patriot Financial Partners GP LP now owns 545,919 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $9,717,000 after buying an additional 200,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Wellington Management Group LLP purchased a new position in Green Bancorp during the first quarter worth approximately $2,240,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 31.76% of the company’s stock. About Green Bancorp Green Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s subsidiary, Green Bank, N.A., a nationally chartered commercial bank, provided commercial and private banking services primarily to Texas based customers through 22 full service branches in the Houston and Dallas metropolitan statistical areas (MSAs) and other markets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Green Bancorp (GNBC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Green Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Green Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Dean Foods Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Elevate Credit Inc Reduced by Jefferies Group (ELVT) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Cut by KeyCorp Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Dean Foods Co’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DF) Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) Shares Down 8.6% Following Weak Earnings Brokers Issue Forecasts for Earthstone Energy Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ESTE) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Foundation Building Materials Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FBM) Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars Insulet Co. (PODD) Director Purchases $99,794.40 in Stock MOCON, Inc. (MOCO) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.12 Per Share Western Asset Income Fund (PAI) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 MOCON, Inc. (MOCO) Issues Earnings Results Clough Global Equity Fund Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (GLQ) NII Holdings (NIHD) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56 Tofutti Brands (TOF) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Very Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact SJW Group (SJW) Share Price Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Rating Increased to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Rating Reiterated by Iberia Capital Benchmark Co. Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Walt Disney’s (DIS) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Bank of America Corp Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Dean Foods Co’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DF) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Dean Foods Co (NYSE:DF) – Research analysts at KeyCorp boosted their Q2 2017 earnings estimates for Dean Foods in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. KeyCorp analyst B. Andress now anticipates that the company will earn $0.32 per share for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.30. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $0.13 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. Dean Foods had a return on equity of 24.87% and a net margin of 1.37%. The firm had revenue of $2 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.96 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.45 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/research-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-dean-foods-cos-q2-2017-earnings-df.html. DF has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Dean Foods from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Vertical Research upgraded Dean Foods from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Sanford C. Bernstein lowered Dean Foods from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and increased their price target for the stock from $21.31 to $22.00 in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Morgan Stanley upgraded Dean Foods from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Dean Foods from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $22.00 price target for the company in a research note on Friday, March 17th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $22.20. Dean Foods (NYSE:DF) traded down 0.83% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $19.10. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 90,895 shares. Dean Foods has a 12-month low of $15.69 and a 12-month high of $22.31. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $19.50 and a 200-day moving average price of $19.66. The firm has a market cap of $1.73 billion, a PE ratio of 24.71 and a beta of 0.28. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. American Century Companies Inc. increased its position in shares of Dean Foods by 474.7% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 2,264,750 shares of the company’s stock worth $44,525,000 after buying an additional 1,870,672 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Dean Foods during the fourth quarter worth approximately $29,200,000. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Dean Foods during the fourth quarter worth approximately $26,864,000. FMR LLC increased its position in shares of Dean Foods by 87.9% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,919,576 shares of the company’s stock worth $37,739,000 after buying an additional 897,824 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of Dean Foods by 21.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 5,007,151 shares of the company’s stock worth $82,117,000 after buying an additional 894,911 shares during the last quarter. In other news, Director J Wayne Mailloux sold 3,033 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.70, for a total transaction of $59,750.10. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 104,450 shares in the company, valued at $2,057,665. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 9,099 shares of company stock valued at $174,428. Company insiders own 2.30% of the company’s stock. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 22nd will be given a dividend of $0.09 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a $0.36 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.87%. Dean Foods’s payout ratio is 31.30%. Dean Foods Company Profile Dean Foods Company is a food and beverage company. The Company processes and distributes fluid milk, and other dairy and dairy case products in the United States. It is engaged in manufacturing, marketing, selling and distributing a range of branded and private label dairy and dairy case products. It offers branded and private label dairy case products, including fluid milk, ice cream, cultured dairy products, creamers, ice cream mix and other dairy products to retailers, distributors, foodservice outlets, educational institutions and governmental entities across the United States. Receive News & Ratings for Dean Foods Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dean Foods Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coty Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Western Asset High Yield Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. (HYI) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.10 on June 1st Coty Inc (COTY) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS Western Asset Global High Income Fnd Inc (EHI) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Bellatrix Exploration Ltd (BXE) Releases Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Enviva Partners LP (EVA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.29 EPS Conning Inc. Has $2.646 Million Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Has $403,000 Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Security National Trust Co. Raises Stake in Metlife Inc (MET) Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Stake Held by Argyle Capital Management Inc. BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Bought by iAB Financial Bank Welch & Forbes LLC Sells 1,356 Shares of Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Issued By Northcoast Research CSX Co. (CSX) Shares Sold by Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Time Warner Inc (TWX) Shares Sold by Conning Inc. Dowling & Yahnke LLC Has $2.743 Million Stake in Metlife Inc (MET) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research First Analysis Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Western Asset Global Corp Defind Opp Fnd (GDO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11 CDW Corp (CDW) Upgraded at Robert W. Baird Western Asset Municipal Partners Fnd Inc to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.07 (MNP) Coty Inc (COTY) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Coty Inc (NYSE:COTY) issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday. The company reported $0.15 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.04. Coty had a negative net margin of 0.20% and a positive return on equity of 13.87%. The business had revenue of $2.03 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.94 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.09 earnings per share. Coty’s revenue for the quarter was down 99.8% on a year-over-year basis. Coty (NYSE:COTY) opened at 19.60 on Friday. Coty has a 1-year low of $16.95 and a 1-year high of $30.13. The firm’s market capitalization is $14.65 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is $18.00 and its 200 day moving average is $19.00. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.125 per share. This represents a $0.50 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.55%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 26th. Coty’s payout ratio is currently -118.18%. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $22.00 price objective (up from $20.00) on shares of Coty in a research note on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Coty from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 13th. BMO Capital Markets restated a “buy” rating and issued a $24.00 price objective on shares of Coty in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Coty in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “underweight” rating and a $16.00 price objective for the company. Finally, B. Riley restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $18.50 price objective on shares of Coty in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $22.96. In other news, major shareholder Cosmetics B.V. Jab bought 4,090,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 14th. The stock was bought at an average price of $18.56 per share, with a total value of $75,910,400.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the insider now owns 272,568,041 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,058,862,840.96. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Greerson Greene Mcmullen bought 13,157 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $18.85 per share, with a total value of $248,009.45. Following the acquisition, the insider now directly owns 53,657 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,011,434.45. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have bought 4,207,807 shares of company stock valued at $78,169,678 in the last three months. Insiders own 16.10% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Coty Inc (COTY) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/coty-inc-coty-announces-earnings-results-beats-expectations-by-0-04-eps.html. Coty Company Profile Coty Inc is a beauty company. The Company operates through four segments: Fragrances, Color Cosmetics, Skin & Body Care and Brazil Acquisition. Its fragrance products include a range of men’s and women’s products. Its fragrance brands include Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, Davidoff, Chloe, Balenciaga, Beyonce, Bottega Veneta, Miu Miu and Roberto Cavalli. Receive News & Ratings for Coty Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coty Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Priceline Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Priceline Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Priceline Group Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PCLN) Wedbush Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Releases FY18 Earnings Guidance Energous Corp (WATT) Issues Earnings Results Brokers Offer Predictions for Oncomed Pharmaceuticals Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OMED) Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc (IMMY) Announces Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.07 EPS William Blair Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Pandora Media Inc (P) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Lowers Stake in Alleghany Co. (Y) Danaher Co. (DHR) Shares Bought by Shell Asset Management Co. DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc (UEPS) Stake Lowered by Shell Asset Management Co. Shell Asset Management Co. Continues to Hold Position in Fastenal Company (FAST) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Raises Position in Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt Cuts Position in Splunk Inc (SPLK) Shell Asset Management Co. Reduces Stake in First Midwest Bancorp Inc (FMBI) Shell Asset Management Co. Has $953,000 Position in Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Joseph P. Ujobai Sells 30,000 Shares of SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Stock Keith D. Nosbusch Sells 10,000 Shares of Rockwell Automation (ROK) Stock Insider Selling: Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) COO Sells $1,758,733.75 in Stock Insider Buying: Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Insider Buys C$1,816,000.00 in Stock Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Priceline Group Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PCLN) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ:PCLN) – Investment analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings dropped their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Priceline Group in a report released on Wednesday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst J. Kelly now anticipates that the business services provider will post earnings per share of $14.13 for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $15.68. Oppenheimer Holdings has a “Outperform” rating and a $2,000.00 price objective on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for Priceline Group’s Q3 2017 earnings at $33.62 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $15.33 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $72.97 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $86.28 EPS. A number of other research firms have also recently issued reports on PCLN. Stifel Nicolaus reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $2,100.00 target price (up previously from $1,900.00) on shares of Priceline Group in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research cut Priceline Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Vetr cut Priceline Group from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $1,792.67 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc lifted their target price on Priceline Group from $1,550.00 to $1,750.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their target price on Priceline Group from $1,940.00 to $2,125.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and twenty-four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $1,924.07. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Priceline Group Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (PCLN)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/oppenheimer-holdings-comments-on-priceline-group-incs-q2-2017-earnings-pcln.html. Shares of Priceline Group (NASDAQ:PCLN) opened at 1813.56 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $1,800.66 and a 200 day moving average of $1,629.06. Priceline Group has a 52 week low of $1,148.06 and a 52 week high of $1,927.13. The firm has a market cap of $89.19 billion, a P/E ratio of 40.94 and a beta of 1.62. Priceline Group (NASDAQ:PCLN) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The business services provider reported $9.88 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $8.83 by $1.05. Priceline Group had a net margin of 18.91% and a return on equity of 34.70%. The company had revenue of $2.42 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.45 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $10.54 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.6% compared to the same quarter last year. In other Priceline Group news, CFO Daniel J. Finnegan sold 3,052 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $1,730.38, for a total value of $5,281,119.76. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 20,779 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $35,955,566.02. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CEO Gillian Tans sold 122 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $1,743.00, for a total value of $212,646.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 6,289 shares in the company, valued at $10,961,727. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.42% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. acquired a new position in shares of Priceline Group during the third quarter valued at about $381,000. Capital One National Association raised its position in shares of Priceline Group by 10.7% in the third quarter. Capital One National Association now owns 363 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $534,000 after buying an additional 35 shares during the period. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt raised its position in shares of Priceline Group by 546.4% in the third quarter. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt now owns 34,934 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $1,617,000 after buying an additional 29,530 shares during the period. Nippon Life Insurance Co. raised its position in shares of Priceline Group by 2.5% in the third quarter. Nippon Life Insurance Co. now owns 2,044 shares of the business services provider’s stock valued at $3,008,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Finally, Schwartz Investment Counsel Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Priceline Group during the third quarter valued at about $3,679,000. 95.28% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Priceline Group The Priceline Group Inc is a provider of travel and restaurant online reservation and related services. The Company, through its online travel companies (OTCs), connects consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services across the world. It offers consumers an array of accommodation reservations (including hotels, bed and breakfasts, hostels, apartments, vacation rentals and other properties) through its Booking.com, priceline.com and agoda.com brands. Receive News & Ratings for Priceline Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Priceline Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Array Biopharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Macy's Inc (M) Releases FY18 Earnings Guidance Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS Msci Inc (msci) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Arix Bioscience PLC (ARIX) Insider Acquires £23,197.68 in Stock CDI Corp. (CDI) Announces Earnings Results Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportun Fund (GMZ) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Aviat Networks Inc (AVNW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Teekay LNG Partners L.P. (TGP) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.88 Progress Software (PRGS) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.62 Very Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Argo Group International Holdings (AGII) Stock Price Very Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Informatica (INFA) Stock Price Nice (NICE) Receiving Extremely Positive News Coverage, Study Shows OncoSec Medical Inc (ONCS) Given Buy Rating at Maxim Group Globus Medical (GMED) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.57 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) to Hold Acadian Asset Management LLC Sells 48,500 Shares of Sun Life Financial Inc (SLF) American Express Company (AXP) Position Raised by Headinvest LLC First Citizens Bank & Trust Co. Has $1.085 Million Position in Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Position Maintained by Canal Insurance CO Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY) issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.21) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.16) by $0.05. The company had revenue of $33.28 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $38.28 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted ($0.16) earnings per share. Array Biopharma’s revenue for the quarter was down 22.7% compared to the same quarter last year. Shares of Array Biopharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) opened at 8.15 on Friday. Array Biopharma has a 52 week low of $2.70 and a 52 week high of $13.40. The company’s market capitalization is $1.38 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $8.45 and a 200-day moving average of $9.10. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on ARRY. Vetr cut shares of Array Biopharma from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $10.50 price target for the company. in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Array Biopharma from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $10.00 price target for the company. in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Array Biopharma from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $15.00 price target on shares of Array Biopharma and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $15.00 price target (up from $10.00) on shares of Array Biopharma in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. Array Biopharma currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $11.19. In related news, Director Charles M. Baum sold 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.27, for a total value of $231,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $278,100. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Company insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in ARRY. Highbridge Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Array Biopharma by 314.4% in the third quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 144,790 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $977,000 after buying an additional 109,852 shares during the last quarter. Iguana Healthcare Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter valued at $1,350,000. Sphera Funds Management LTD. acquired a new position in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter valued at $6,075,000. Laurion Capital Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter valued at $1,013,000. Finally, Princeton Alpha Management LP acquired a new position in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter valued at $285,000. 88.58% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. WARNING: “Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/array-biopharma-inc-arry-announces-quarterly-earnings-results-misses-estimates-by-0-05-eps.html. About Array Biopharma Array BioPharma Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer. The Company’s programs include approximately three cancer drugs, binimetinib, encorafenib and selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca, PLC). Receive News & Ratings for Array Biopharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hess Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hess Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Quadrant L P CA Has $248,000 Stake in Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Founders Financial Securities LLC Invests $437,000 in FedEx Co. (FDX) Hess Midstream Partners LP’s (HESM) Quiet Period Set To End on May 15th First Mercantile Trust Co. Increases Stake in VWR Corp (VWR) Clear Harbor Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) First Mercantile Trust Co. Has $181,000 Position in Moody's Co. (MCO) Hunter Maritime Acquisition Corp’s (HUNTU) Lock-Up Period Will Expire on May 17th Penobscot Investment Management Company Inc. Takes Position in FedEx Co. (FDX) Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Increases Stake in Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) Forum Merger Corp’s Quiet Period To Expire on May 17th (NASDAQ:FMCIU) Cubic Asset Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Zacks: Analysts Expect TFS Financial Co. (TFSL) to Post $0.08 Earnings Per Share Macy's Inc (M) Releases FY18 Earnings Guidance Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.05 EPS Msci Inc (msci) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Arix Bioscience PLC (ARIX) Insider Acquires £23,197.68 in Stock CDI Corp. (CDI) Announces Earnings Results Schneider National Inc (SNDR) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Goldman Sachs MLP Income Opportun Fund (GMZ) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Aviat Networks Inc (AVNW) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results Hess Midstream Partners LP’s (HESM) Quiet Period Set To End on May 15th May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Lockup Expirations Tweet Hess Midstream Partners’ (NASDAQ:HESM) quiet period will expire on Monday, May 15th. Hess Midstream Partners had issued 14,780,000 shares in its IPO on April 5th. The total size of the offering was $339,940,000 based on an initial share price of $23.00. During Hess Midstream Partners’ quiet period, insiders and any underwriters that worked on the IPO are prevented from issuing any research reports or earnings estimates for the company because of SEC regulations. Following the end of the company’s quiet period, the brokerages that served as underwriters will likely initiate research coverage on the company. A number of analysts recently commented on the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc assumed coverage on Hess Midstream Partners in a research note on Monday, May 1st. They issued a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Hess Midstream Partners in a research note on Monday, May 1st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $30.00 price target for the company. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on Hess Midstream Partners in a research note on Monday, May 1st. They issued a “weight” rating and a $27.00 price target for the company. Finally, Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on Hess Midstream Partners in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $28.00 price target for the company. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/hess-midstream-partners-lps-hesm-quiet-period-set-to-end-on-may-15th.html. Shares of Hess Midstream Partners (NASDAQ:HESM) opened at 25.45 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $25.63 and a 200-day moving average price of $25.63. Hess Midstream Partners has a 52 week low of $24.22 and a 52 week high of $26.78. In other news, CFO Jonathan C. Stein bought 8,700 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 10th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $23.00 per share, for a total transaction of $200,100.00. Following the acquisition, the chief financial officer now owns 8,700 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $200,100. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Gregory P. Hill bought 4,350 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 10th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $23.00 per share, with a total value of $100,050.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 4,350 shares in the company, valued at approximately $100,050. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders acquired a total of 267,100 shares of company stock valued at $6,143,300 over the last quarter. Hess Midstream Partners Company Profile Hess Midstream Partners LP is a fee-based, traditional master limited partnership formed to own, operate, develop and acquire a set of midstream assets to provide services to Hess and third-party crude oil and natural gas producers. The Company’s assets are primarily located in the Bakken and Three Forks shale plays in the Williston Basin area of North Dakota (collectively referred as the Bakken). Receive News & Ratings for Hess Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hess Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Trump Agenda Could Promote Economic Growth Money managers are hopeful that the next president will enact pro-growth policies, not protectionist measures. By John Kimelman Biography November 12, 2016 Hours before the TV networks called Tuesday’s election for Donald J. Trump, the stock market declared him the winner—and wasn’t happy about it. At about 8 p.m. that night, the Dow Jones Industrial Average went into a free-fall, plunging about 900 points, or 4%, in the futures market before bottoming at 17,500. The selling ended when the market’s so-called circuit breakers kicked in at midnight, halting the slide. With the downward momentum stopped, stocks began to recover, kicking into overdrive around 3 a.m. when... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Not Just Buffett: IBM Unit Sells IBM, Wells Fargo Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. AMD Analyst Day on Tap: This Could Go to Uncharted Territory, Says Rosenblatt Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. GE Falls to 52-Week Low; Bottom-Fishers Beware Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Micron, Western: DRAM, NAND Prices To Continue Higher, Says Macquarie Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. The iPhone 8: Does Price Even Matter? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Should Investors Be Optimistic About Snap? 2 Whole Foods Gives New Incentives to Shop 3 Shares of Fossil and Fitbit Down 50% Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
147686468041 Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 1 Weather 50° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Nassau Coliseum Circus Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Mother's Day Spring Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Business Long Island hires and promotions: Gary Jendras, RotaCare Updated May 12, 2017 9:20 AM By Diane Daniels  peopleonthemove@newsday.com Reprints + - Gary Jendras of Garden City has been elected to the board of directors of RotaCare in Uniondale. Photo Credit: Bethpage Federal Credit Union advertisement | advertise on newsday BOARDS RotaCare, a medical clinic in Uniondale, has two new board members. Most Popular Specialty grocer to open in former Waldbaum’s Manufacturer to close LI facility, lay off 151 LI bar refuses Clare Rose delivery amid strike Forbes: LI health system a top place to work Auction of 89 storm-damaged homes draws crowd Gary Jendras of Garden City is a retired vice president and internal auditor of Bethpage Federal Credit Union in Bethpage. Adam Karol of Garden City owns a State Farm Insurance office in Garden City. BANKING Tom Rose of Flushing, Queens, a vice president and branch manager at Apple Bank for Savings in Forest Hills, Queens, has been appointed branch manager in the Plainview office. Bank ofAmerica has three new hires. advertisement | advertise on newsday Stuart Chaplin of Old Westbury has been hired as wealth management lending officer in Garden City. He was senior wealth management lending officer at Citibank in Great Neck. Paul A. Durante of Commack has been hired as vice president/wealth management lending officer in Melville. He was a private client mortgage banker at JPMorgan Chase in Manhattan. Jonathan Lee Kanders of Great Neck has been hired as financial center lending officer in Garden City. He was a mortgage lending officer at Guardhill Financial Corp. in Manhattan. ARCHITECTURE H2M architects + engineers in Melville has five new hires. Tweets from https://twitter.com/NewsdayBiz/lists/newsday-biz-staff Stanley Mui of Great Neck has been hired as a graphic designer and was a web designer at Software Engineering of America in Manhattan. Diana O’Brien of Huntington has been hired as a graphic designer and was a graphic designer/proposal and presentation specialist at NFP (National Financial Partners) in Plainview. Stefan Reiss of Holbrook has been hired as a construction administrator and was a project manager at the Lee Michaels Group in Bohemia. Jeremy Cirillo of Melville has been hired as a staff data analyst and is a recent geography-sustainable studies graduate of Hunter College in Manhattan. Joseph Aviles of Rockaway Park, Queens, has been hired as a coatings inspector and was a journeyman painter for Ahern Painting contractors in Brooklyn. advertisement | advertise on newsday REAL ESTATE Emily Cunha of Mineola has been hired as a licensed sales associate at Laffey Real Estate in Brookville. She was with Weich ert Realtors in Mineola. To be included in People on the Move, send information and color photos about job moves, promotions and other work achievements by fax to 631-843-2065, by email to peopleonthemove@newsday.com, or by mail to People on the Move, 235 Pinelawn Rd., Melville, NY 11747-4250. Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. Sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage LI company net loss in line with year earlier Stocks end mostly lower on Wall Street LI physical therapy group buys 18-office firm Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Circus Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Mother's Day Spring Nassau Coliseum Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
null
Latest News Dow 20,897 -22.81 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,121 +5.27 +0.09% S&P 500 2,391 -3.54 -0.15% 5/12 Updated Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies 5/12 Updated Will Friday’s massive global cyberattack get people to care about being hacked? 5/12 Updated 5 truly awful gifts that you should NOT buy this Mother’s Day (or ever) 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My mother-in-law is moving in! Will we have to pay her bills? 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: Can I sue my mother for changing my last name? 5/12 Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 5/12 Updated Bridgewater’s Dalio has some bad news for stock-market investors 5/12 Updated Why investors still aren’t freaking out over the Comey firing 5/12 Trump's Tweets Intensify Interest in Russia Investigation 5/12 Trump weighs shake-up of press team, including replacing Spicer 5/12 Lower asset correlations are to blame for record-low volatility, says strategist 5/12 Is Donald Trump boosting the economy? Goldman finds mixed signals 5/12 Avis Budget shares fall on CFO exit 5/12 Progressive Corp. board OKs share buyback program 5/12 Updated S&P 500, Dow post first weekly loss in nearly a month 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My mother spent thousands of dollars on credit cards opened in my name — should I report her? 5/12 Mother’s Day Moneyologist: My mother saved $10,000 for my wedding. I’m now 41 — should I spend it on a house? 5/12 Updated Believing these 5 stock market myths will cost you money 5/12 Nordstrom Rack’s same-store sales decline defies growth among ‘off-line’ retailers 5/12 David Tepper's Appaloosa sold off J.C. Penney's stock, added new Snap and Symantec bets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release BD Announces Exercise of Option to Purchase Additional Shares by Underwriters of Public Equity Offerings Increasing Total Gross Proceeds to $4.95 Billion By Published: May 12, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) BDX, -0.13% announced today the underwriters in its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, have exercised their respective options to purchase in full (i) 1,275,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price of $176.50 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the common stock offering and (ii) 4,500,000 depositary shares at the public offering price of $50.00 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the depositary shares offering.  The closing of the purchase of the additional shares will take place simultaneously with the closing of the initial sale of common stock and depositary shares, scheduled for May 16, 2017.  With the exercise of the options, total gross proceeds for the offerings is approximately $4.95 billion. BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD's previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BDXA."  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (tel:800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as "will", "expect", "outlook" "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD's ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard's respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard's operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD's or Bard's debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard's products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD's and Bard's products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD's and Bard's respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bd-announces-exercise-of-option-to-purchase-additional-shares-by-underwriters-of-public-equity-offerings-increasing-total-gross-proceeds-to-495-billion-300456631.html SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Quote References BDX -0.24 -0.13% Most Popular Bridgewater’s Dalio has some bad news for stock-market investors Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Why GOP Health Bill May Disappear in Senate MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Becton Dickinson & Co. U.S.: NYSE: BDX $184.62 -0.24 (-0.13%) Volume 3.1M Open $184.24 High $187.69 Low $184.12 P/E Ratio 30.54 Div Yield 1.58 Market Cap 39.4B
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman BD Announces Exercise of Option to Purchase Additional Shares by Underwriters of Public Equity Offerings Increasing Total Gross Proceeds to $4.95 Billion FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE: BDX) announced today the underwriters in its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, have exercised their respective options to purchase in full (i) 1,275,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price of $176.50 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the common stock offering and (ii) 4,500,000 depositary shares at the public offering price of $50.00 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the depositary shares offering.  The closing of the purchase of the additional shares will take place simultaneously with the closing of the initial sale of common stock and depositary shares, scheduled for May 16, 2017.  With the exercise of the options, total gross proceeds for the offerings is approximately $4.95 billion. BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD’s previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. („Bard”) and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol „BDXA.”  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (Tel: 800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as „will”, „expect”, „outlook” „anticipate,” „intend,” „plan,” „believe,” „seek,” „see,” „will,” „would,” „target,” or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD’s ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard’s respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company’s operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard’s operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD’s or Bard’s debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard’s products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD’s and Bard’s products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD’s and Bard’s respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bd-announces-exercise-of-option-to-purchase-additional-shares-by-underwriters-of-public-equity-offerings-increasing-total-gross-proceeds-to-495-billion-300456631.html SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Related Links http://www.bd.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious China Zenix Files Annual Report on Form 20-F for 2016 Next PostNext Want To Know The Future Of Drones for Wind Turbine Inspection in Global Industry? Search Recent Posts Development Trends of Senna Extract Industry in Global and Chinese Region 2017 to 2022 Global E-Sports market expected to grow at a CAGR of 32.28% during the period 2017-2021 Covering Key Vendors Activision Blizzard, Epic Games, Nintendo United States Automotive Paints Industry 2015 Market Research Report United States Firearms and Ammunition Market 2016 Industry, Analysis, Research, Share, Growth, Sales, Trends, Supply, Forecast to 2021 United States POS Hardware Market 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Position Cut by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Shares Sold by First Financial Corp IN Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $1.195 Million Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Wendys Co (WEN) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) to “Buy” Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 90 Shares of UniFirst Corp (UNF) Boston Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $658,000 Position in Cree, Inc. (CREE) Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) Position Boosted by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Canaccord Genuity Warrior Met Coal (HCC) Now Covered by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on Yext Inc (YEXT) QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Altria Group Inc (MO) Position Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Cwm LLC Sells 913 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Parametrica Management Ltd Invests $19 Million in Altria Group Inc (MO) Oceaneering International (OII) Position Raised by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Minerals Technologies Inc (NYSE:MTX) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Minerals Technologies Inc. is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets worldwide a broad range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and related systems and services. The Company has five reportable segments: Specialty Minerals, Refractories, Performance Materials, Construction Technologies and Energy Services. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 price target for the company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) opened at 74.65 on Wednesday. Minerals Technologies has a 1-year low of $51.29 and a 1-year high of $83.85. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.70 and a beta of 2.04. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $76.21 and a 200 day moving average price of $76.75. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The basic materials company reported $1.07 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.03. Minerals Technologies had a return on equity of 15.57% and a net margin of 8.14%. The company had revenue of $405 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $401.63 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.02 EPS. The business’s revenue was down 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Minerals Technologies will post $4.72 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/minerals-technologies-inc-mtx-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total transaction of $62,473.20. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,495,290.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 3.70% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Norges Bank bought a new stake in Minerals Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at about $35,749,000. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its stake in Minerals Technologies by 45.2% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 771,692 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $59,613,000 after buying an additional 240,068 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC increased its stake in Minerals Technologies by 723.7% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 135,430 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $10,462,000 after buying an additional 118,989 shares during the period. Royce & Associates LP increased its stake in Minerals Technologies by 5.4% in the first quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 1,100,830 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $84,324,000 after buying an additional 55,925 shares during the period. Finally, Wellington Management Group LLP increased its stake in Minerals Technologies by 8.0% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 752,296 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $57,625,000 after buying an additional 55,415 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 96.28% of the company’s stock. About Minerals Technologies Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Minerals Technologies (MTX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi BD Announces Exercise of Option to Purchase Additional Shares by Underwriters of Public Equity Offerings Increasing Total Gross Proceeds to $4.95 Billion News provided by BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) 12 May, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE: BDX) announced today the underwriters in its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, have exercised their respective options to purchase in full (i) 1,275,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price of $176.50 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the common stock offering and (ii) 4,500,000 depositary shares at the public offering price of $50.00 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the depositary shares offering.  The closing of the purchase of the additional shares will take place simultaneously with the closing of the initial sale of common stock and depositary shares, scheduled for May 16, 2017.  With the exercise of the options, total gross proceeds for the offerings is approximately $4.95 billion. BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD's previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BDXA."  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (Tel: 800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as "will", "expect", "outlook" "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD's ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard's respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard's operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD's or Bard's debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard's products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD's and Bard's products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD's and Bard's respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/bd-announces-exercise-of-option-to-purchase-additional-shares-by-underwriters-of-public-equity-offerings-increasing-total-gross-proceeds-to-495-billion-300456631.html SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) Related Links http://www.bd.com 10 May, 2017, 22:13 ET Preview: BD Prices Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25 Billion of Depositary Shares Representing Interests in Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 09 May, 2017, 06:59 ET BD Prices Offerings of $2.25 Billion of Common Stock and $2.25... 09 May, 2017, 06:59 ET BD and UniteOR Join Forces to Deliver an Integrated Tracking... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Health Care & Hospitals Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Stock Offering You just read: BD Announces Exercise of Option to Purchase Additional Shares by Underwriters of Public Equity Offerings Increasing Total Gross Proceeds to $4.95 Billion News provided by BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) 12 May, 2017, 06:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman BD Announces Exercise of Option to Purchase Additional Shares by Underwriters of Public Equity Offerings Increasing Total Gross Proceeds to $4.95 Billion FRANKLIN LAKES, N.J., May 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) (NYSE:BDX) announced today the underwriters in its previously announced registered offerings of $2.25 billion of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, and $2.25 billion of depositary shares, each representing a 1/20th interest in a share of 6.125% Mandatory Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A, par value $1.00 per share, have exercised their respective options to purchase in full (i) 1,275,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price of $176.50 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the common stock offering and (ii) 4,500,000 depositary shares at the public offering price of $50.00 per share, less the underwriting discounts and commissions, in the depositary shares offering.  The closing of the purchase of the additional shares will take place simultaneously with the closing of the initial sale of common stock and depositary shares, scheduled for May 16, 2017.  With the exercise of the options, total gross proceeds for the offerings is approximately $4.95 billion. BD intends to use the proceeds from the offerings to finance a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with BD's previously announced acquisition of C. R. Bard, Inc. ("Bard") and to pay related fees and expenses. The acquisition is expected to close in the fall of 2017. The closings of these offerings are not conditioned on each other or on the closing of the acquisition. Currently, no public market exists for the depositary shares. BD applied to list the depositary shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "BDXA."  The joint book-running managers for the offering of common stock are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; Wells Fargo Securities; BNP PARIBAS; MUFG; and Barclays, and the co-managers are Scotiabank; BTIG; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  The joint book-running managers for the offering of depositary shares are Citigroup; J.P. Morgan; Morgan Stanley; MUFG; BNP PARIBAS; Barclays; and Wells Fargo Securities, and the co-managers are Standard Chartered Bank; Scotiabank; US Bancorp; BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC; ING; Loop Capital Markets; and The Williams Capital Group, L.P.  You may obtain a preliminary prospectus supplement for either offering by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc., c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 (Tel: 800-831-9146); J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, toll-free: (866) 803-9204, email: prospectus-eq_fi@jpmchase.com; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014, United States, Attention: Prospectus Dept.; MUFG Securities Americas Inc. by Toll-free Prospectus Request Hotline: (877) 649-6848, email: Prospectus@us.sc.mufg.jp; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attn: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10152, by telephone (800) 326-5897, or by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or purchase or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sales of securities mentioned in this press release in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. A shelf registration statement relating to the common stock and depositary shares, as amended, became effective on May 8, 2017, and the offering is being made by means of a separate prospectus supplement for each offering.  About BD BD is a global medical technology company that is advancing the world of health by improving medical discovery, diagnostics and the delivery of care. BD leads in patient and health care worker safety and the technologies that enable medical research and clinical laboratories. The company provides innovative solutions that help advance medical research and genomics, enhance the diagnosis of infectious disease and cancer, improve medication management, promote infection prevention, equip surgical and interventional procedures, and support the management of diabetes. The company partners with organizations around the world to address some of the most challenging global health issues. BD has nearly 50,000 associates across 50 countries who work in close collaboration with customers and partners to help enhance outcomes, lower health care delivery costs, increase efficiencies, improve health care safety and expand access to health. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release contains certain estimates and other "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.  Forward looking statements generally are accompanied by words such as "will", "expect", "outlook" "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," or other similar words, phrases or expressions and variations or negatives of these words.  Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements regarding BD's ability to consummate the financings on the terms described in this press release or at all and the consummation of the Bard acquisition and other statements that are not historical facts. These statements are based on the current expectations of BD management and are not predictions of actual performance. These statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties regarding BD and Bard's respective businesses and the proposed acquisition, and actual results may differ materially.  These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (i) the ability of the parties to successfully complete the proposed acquisition on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining required shareholder and regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the acquisition, (ii) risks relating to the integration of Bard's operations, products and employees into BD and the possibility that the anticipated synergies and other benefits of the proposed acquisition will not be realized or will not be realized within the expected timeframe, (iii) the outcome of any legal proceedings related to the proposed acquisition, (iv) access to available financing including for the refinancing of BD's or Bard's debt on a timely basis and reasonable terms, (v) the ability to market and sell Bard's products in new markets, including the ability to obtain necessary regulatory product registrations and clearances, (vi) the loss of key senior management or other associates; the anticipated demand for BD's and Bard's products, including the risk of future reductions in government healthcare funding, changes in reimbursement rates or changes in healthcare practices that could result in lower utilization rates or pricing pressures, (vii) the impact of competition in the medical device industry, (viii) the risks of fluctuations in interest or foreign currency exchange rates, (ix) product liability claims, (x) difficulties inherent in product development, including the timing or outcome of product development efforts, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances and the timing and market success of product launches, (xi) risks relating to fluctuations in the cost and availability of raw materials and other sourced products and the ability to maintain favorable supplier arrangements and relationships, (xii) successful compliance with governmental regulations applicable to BD, Bard and the combined company, (xiii) changes in regional, national or foreign economic conditions, (xiv) uncertainties of litigation, and (xv) other factors discussed in BD's and Bard's respective filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The forward-looking statements in this press release speak only as of date of this announcement.  BD and Bard undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as required by applicable laws or regulations. BD Monique Dolecki, Investor Relations – (201) 847-5378 Kristen Cardillo, Corporate Communications – (201) 847-5657 SOURCE BD (Becton, Dickinson and Company) CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Health Care/Hospitals, Medical Equipment, Medical/Pharmaceuticals, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Resource Scarcity Market – How consumers view the issue of depleting resources, and how brands can respond to this Next PostNext Hybrid Aircraft Market 2021: Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape Search Recent Posts Recording Artist/Producer RA-SOOL Drops Music Video for Single THEY DON’T KNOW Featuring Mannie Jay Global Automotive Air Intake Manifold Market To Grow At CAGR Of 4.41% To Forecast 2021 With Key Vendors Magneti Marelli, MAHLE, Tenneco Global Agricultural Tractor Tires Market To Grow At CAGR Of 4.93% During The Period 2017-2021 Including Key Players Bridgestone, MICHELIN, Titan International JVZoo Academy – Premium Course With The Official Endorsement From Jvzoo Inc. Is Being Released This Month INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Wins Finance Holdings Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Worldpay Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worldpay Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Talktalk Telecom Group PLC (TALK) Earns Outperform Rating from Macquarie South32 Ltd (S32) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Worldpay Group PLC (WPG) Macquarie Reiterates Underperform Rating for Vodafone Group plc (VOD) St. James's Place plc (STJ) Price Target Increased to GBX 1,240 by Analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Shore Capital Reaffirms Hold Rating for William Hill plc (WMH) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Paysafe Group Plc (OPAY) FinnCap Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for OptiBiotix Health PLC (OPTI) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Creative Planning Has $126,000 Stake in Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Shares Bought by Creative Planning Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Shares Bought by Creative Planning Creative Planning Cuts Stake in Tenneco Inc (TEN) Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Position Lowered by Creative Planning Forte Capital LLC ADV Increases Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Position Held by Creative Planning Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corp (TRX) Short Interest Up 2.7% in April Short Interest in Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Declines By 22.3% Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (TEVA) Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Worldpay Group PLC (WPG) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their overweight rating on shares of Worldpay Group PLC (LON:WPG) in a report released on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a GBX 315 ($4.07) target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on WPG. Deutsche Bank AG assumed coverage on Worldpay Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. They set a hold rating and a GBX 300 ($3.88) price objective for the company. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an outperform rating and set a GBX 330 ($4.27) price objective on shares of Worldpay Group PLC in a report on Monday, January 9th. Bryan, Garnier & Co restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 278 ($3.60) price objective on shares of Worldpay Group PLC in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Morgan Stanley restated an overweight rating on shares of Worldpay Group PLC in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 280 ($3.62) price objective on shares of Worldpay Group PLC in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 323.55 ($4.18). Shares of Worldpay Group PLC (LON:WPG) opened at 316.70 on Tuesday. Worldpay Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 247.60 and a 1-year high of GBX 320.80. The stock’s market cap is GBX 6.29 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 300.76 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 281.89. WARNING: “Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Worldpay Group PLC (WPG)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/barclays-plc-reaffirms-overweight-rating-for-worldpay-group-plc-wpg.html. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 27th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be issued a GBX 1.35 ($0.02) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 0.5%. This is a boost from Worldpay Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.65. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. About Worldpay Group PLC Worldpay Group plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which provides a range of technology-led payment products and services. The Company operates through four segments: Global eCom, WPUK, WPUS and Corporate. Global eCom provides a range of payment services, both online and by mobile, to accept, validate and settle payments in approximately 126 currencies across 146 countries, using any one of over 300 payment methods. Receive News & Ratings for Worldpay Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Worldpay Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Reaffirms Overweight Rating for Paysafe Group Plc (OPAY) FinnCap Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for OptiBiotix Health PLC (OPTI) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) Creative Planning Has $126,000 Stake in Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGH) Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Shares Bought by Creative Planning Lydall, Inc. (LDL) Shares Bought by Creative Planning Creative Planning Cuts Stake in Tenneco Inc (TEN) Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Position Lowered by Creative Planning Forte Capital LLC ADV Increases Position in Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Position Held by Creative Planning Tanzanian Royalty Exploration Corp (TRX) Short Interest Up 2.7% in April Short Interest in Select Comfort Corp. (SCSS) Declines By 22.3% Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on Teva Pharmaceutical Industries (TEVA) Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Deutsche Telekom AG (DTEGY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Second Sight Medical Products Inc (EYES) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research China Lodging Group, Ltd (HTHT) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Credit Suisse Group AG Raises International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Price Target to GBX 686 Intercede Group plc’s (IGP) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at FinnCap JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Stake Reduced by Park National Corp OH Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reissued by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a research note issued on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 58 ($0.75) price target on the financial services provider’s stock, down from their previous price target of GBX 58 ($0.75). Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s price objective suggests a potential downside of 16.74% from the stock’s current price. Several other analysts also recently commented on LLOY. Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 75 ($0.97) price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 58 ($0.75) to GBX 58 ($0.75) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 70 ($0.91) to GBX 75 ($0.97) and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 67 ($0.87) to GBX 82 ($1.06) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Lloyds Banking Group PLC presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 70.75 ($0.92). Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 68.74 on Wednesday. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 47.10 and a 1-year high of GBX 74.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 66.41 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 64.22. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 54.43 billion. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a GBX 2.20 ($0.03) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 3.17%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This is a positive change from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Sell Rating for Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LLOY)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/goldman-sachs-group-inc-reiterates-sell-rating-for-lloyds-banking-group-plc-lloy.html. In related news, insider Antonio Horta-Osorio acquired 5,107 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 63 ($0.81) per share, for a total transaction of £3,217.41 ($4,161.16). Also, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.89), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($130,136.21). Insiders bought a total of 5,509 shares of company stock valued at $349,479 in the last 90 days. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Direct Line Insurance Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc (BT.A) Earns Neutral Rating from Macquarie Goldman Sachs Group Inc Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 370 Debenhams Plc (DEB) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.15 Per Share vTv Therapeutics (VTVT) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates FBR & Co Weighs in on Global Net Lease Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GNL) Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) PT Set at $16.00 by Roth Capital Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) PT Set at $1.00 by Roth Capital Zacks Investment Research Upgrades FuelCell Energy Inc (FCEL) to “Buy” Monogram Residential Trust Inc (MORE) PT Set at $11.00 by Canaccord Genuity Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on J C Penney Company (JCP) TPG Specialty Lending Inc (TSLX) Earns “Neutral” Rating from National Securities America First Multifamily Investors LP (ATAX) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Triangle Capital’s (TCAP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at National Securities Primero Mining Corp (PPP) PT Set at $1.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (NSM) AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avianca Holdings SA (AVH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Goldman Sachs Group Inc Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 370 May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) had its target price lifted by Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 360 ($4.66) to GBX 370 ($4.79) in a research report report published on Monday morning. Goldman Sachs Group Inc currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued research reports about the stock. Barclays PLC upped their price target on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC from GBX 337 ($4.36) to GBX 339 ($4.38) and gave the company an equal weight rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 370 ($4.79) price target on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC to an overweight rating and reduced their price target for the company from GBX 410 ($5.30) to GBX 395 ($5.11) in a research report on Friday, March 31st. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Direct Line Insurance Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price objective on Direct Line Insurance Group PLC from GBX 410 ($5.30) to GBX 420 ($5.43) and gave the company an outperform rating in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 371.08 ($4.80). Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (LON:DLG) opened at 355.06 on Monday. The company’s market cap is GBX 4.85 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 346.10 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 351.73. Direct Line Insurance Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 323.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 400.70. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 370” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/goldman-sachs-group-inc-boosts-direct-line-insurance-group-plc-dlg-price-target-to-gbx-370.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 18th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 16th will be paid a GBX 9.70 ($0.13) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a yield of 2.87%. In other Direct Line Insurance Group PLC news, insider Mike Holliday-Williams sold 26,212 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 358 ($4.63), for a total value of £93,838.96 ($121,364.41). Also, insider John Reizenstein purchased 15,600 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 338 ($4.37) per share, with a total value of £52,728 ($68,194.52). Insiders acquired a total of 20,134 shares of company stock valued at $6,827,509 over the last 90 days. About Direct Line Insurance Group PLC Direct Line Insurance Group plc is a United Kingdom-based personal and small business general insurer. The principal activity of the Company is managing its investments in subsidiaries, providing loans to those subsidiaries, raising funds for the Group and the receipt and payment of dividends. The Company’s operating segments include Motor, Home, Rescue and other personal lines, Commercial and Run-off. Receive News & Ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Direct Line Insurance Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BT Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BT Group plc (BT.A) Earns Neutral Rating from Macquarie Goldman Sachs Group Inc Boosts Direct Line Insurance Group PLC (DLG) Price Target to GBX 370 Debenhams Plc (DEB) Given Hold Rating at Liberum Capital Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.15 Per Share vTv Therapeutics (VTVT) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates FBR & Co Weighs in on Global Net Lease Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GNL) Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) PT Set at $16.00 by Roth Capital Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Enphase Energy Inc (ENPH) PT Set at $1.00 by Roth Capital Zacks Investment Research Upgrades FuelCell Energy Inc (FCEL) to “Buy” Monogram Residential Trust Inc (MORE) PT Set at $11.00 by Canaccord Genuity Investors Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on J C Penney Company (JCP) TPG Specialty Lending Inc (TSLX) Earns “Neutral” Rating from National Securities America First Multifamily Investors LP (ATAX) Given a $6.00 Price Target at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Triangle Capital’s (TCAP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at National Securities Primero Mining Corp (PPP) PT Set at $1.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Nationstar Mortgage Holdings Inc Issued By Oppenheimer Holdings (NSM) AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avianca Holdings SA (AVH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research BT Group plc (BT.A) Earns Neutral Rating from Macquarie May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Macquarie reissued their neutral rating on shares of BT Group plc (LON:BT.A) in a research note published on Monday morning. Macquarie currently has a GBX 270 ($3.49) price objective on the communications services company’s stock. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a GBX 330 ($4.27) target price on BT Group plc and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc dropped their price target on BT Group plc from GBX 360 ($4.66) to GBX 350 ($4.53) and set a neutral rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 325 ($4.20) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. HSBC Holdings plc dropped their price target on BT Group plc from GBX 420 ($5.43) to GBX 370 ($4.79) and set a buy rating for the company in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 400 ($5.17) price target on shares of BT Group plc in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. BT Group plc currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 375.42 ($4.86). ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/bt-group-plc-bt-a-earns-neutral-rating-from-macquarie.html. BT Group plc Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for BT Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BT Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AngloGold Ashanti Limited (AU) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research B&G Foods, Inc. (BGS) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Avianca Holdings SA (AVH) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP (BWP) Earns Outperform Rating from Wells Fargo & Co Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Rating Increased to Buy at Vetr Inc. TopBuild Corp (BLD) PT Raised to $50.00 at Instinet Zacks Investment Research Lowers Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) to Hold First Data Corp Target of Unusually High Options Trading (FDC) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Post AG (DPW) a €38.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for B&M European Value Retail SA (BME) Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) PT Raised to GBX 532 RTL Group S.A. (RTL) PT Set at €80.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Esure Group PLC (ESUR) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Lifted by Capital One Financial Corp. Genomic Health, Inc. (GHDX) PT Raised to $33.00 Puma Biotechnology Inc (PBYI) PT Set at $40.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) PT Set at $67.00 by Cowen and Company Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Downgraded by TheStreet Newell Brands Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NWL) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Assembly Biosciences Inc (ASMB) Lowered by William Blair Zacks Investment Research Lowers Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) to Hold May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE:BSMX) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV is engaged in providing various banking services primarily in Mexico. It provides multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. The company also offers pension and investment funds; cards and other structured products; and treasury management, merchant, trust, life insurance, online collection, tax payment, payroll, and cash management services. Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV is based in Mexico City, Mexico. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and decreased their price target for the stock from $9.50 to $7.50 in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $8.65. Shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE:BSMX) opened at 9.05 on Tuesday. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV has a 52 week low of $6.73 and a 52 week high of $10.13. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $8.98 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.92. The firm has a market cap of $12.27 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.41 and a beta of 1.43. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Lowers Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) to Hold” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/zacks-investment-research-lowers-santander-mexico-fincl-gp-sab-decv-bsmx-to-hold.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Flossbach Von Storch AG increased its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 30.4% in the first quarter. Flossbach Von Storch AG now owns 150,000 shares of the bank’s stock worth $1,355,000 after buying an additional 35,000 shares during the period. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC bought a new position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the first quarter worth $312,000. FFT Wealth Management LLC increased its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 100.0% in the fourth quarter. FFT Wealth Management LLC now owns 48,298 shares of the bank’s stock worth $347,000 after buying an additional 24,149 shares during the period. GLG Partners LP increased its position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 51.8% in the fourth quarter. GLG Partners LP now owns 402,708 shares of the bank’s stock worth $2,895,000 after buying an additional 137,398 shares during the period. Finally, Franklin Resources Inc. bought a new position in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the fourth quarter worth $24,438,000. 31.26% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Company Profile Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV, formerly Santander Mexico Financial Group SAB de CV or Grupo Financiero Santander SAB de CV, is a Mexico-based financial institution. The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barratt Developments Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barratt Developments Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Post AG (DPW) a €38.00 Price Target Citigroup Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for B&M European Value Retail SA (BME) Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) PT Raised to GBX 532 RTL Group S.A. (RTL) PT Set at €80.00 by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Esure Group PLC (ESUR) – Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for W.P. Carey Inc. REIT (WPC) Lifted by Capital One Financial Corp. Genomic Health, Inc. (GHDX) PT Raised to $33.00 Puma Biotechnology Inc (PBYI) PT Set at $40.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Ormat Technologies, Inc. (ORA) PT Set at $67.00 by Cowen and Company Liberty Global plc – Class A (LBTYA) Downgraded by TheStreet Newell Brands Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NWL) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Assembly Biosciences Inc (ASMB) Lowered by William Blair VSA Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lgo Energy PLC (LGO) Gladstone Land Corp (LAND) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) PT Raised to GBX 360 at Deutsche Bank AG Vertu Motors Plc (VTU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Allergan plc (AGN) Stock Rating Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Cut to Market Perform at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) PT Raised to GBX 532 May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barratt Developments Plc (LON:BDEV) had its target price boosted by research analysts at Liberum Capital from GBX 492 ($6.36) to GBX 532 ($6.88) in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm presently has a “sell” rating on the real estate development company’s stock. Liberum Capital’s price target points to a potential downside of 11.77% from the company’s current price. Several other research firms have also weighed in on BDEV. Canaccord Genuity boosted their target price on shares of Barratt Developments Plc from GBX 530 ($6.85) to GBX 555 ($7.18) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Shore Capital reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Barratt Developments Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Morgan Stanley started coverage on shares of Barratt Developments Plc in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a GBX 615 ($7.95) target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on shares of Barratt Developments Plc from GBX 495 ($6.40) to GBX 540 ($6.98) and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd decreased their target price on shares of Barratt Developments Plc from GBX 609 ($7.88) to GBX 550 ($7.11) and set an “add” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, January 13th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Barratt Developments Plc presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 573.90 ($7.42). Barratt Developments Plc (LON:BDEV) opened at 605.50 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 6.09 billion. Barratt Developments Plc has a one year low of GBX 326.00 and a one year high of GBX 624.50. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 570.21 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 509.57. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a GBX 7.30 ($0.09) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 1.39%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 20th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/barratt-developments-plc-bdev-pt-raised-to-gbx-532.html. Barratt Developments Plc Company Profile Barratt Developments PLC is a holding company. The Company is principally engaged in acquiring and developing land, planning, designing and constructing residential property developments and selling the homes, which it builds throughout Britain. The Company operates in two segments: Housebuilding and Commercial developments. Receive News & Ratings for Barratt Developments Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barratt Developments Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Newell Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Newell Brands Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NWL) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Assembly Biosciences Inc (ASMB) Lowered by William Blair VSA Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lgo Energy PLC (LGO) Gladstone Land Corp (LAND) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) PT Raised to GBX 360 at Deutsche Bank AG Vertu Motors Plc (VTU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Allergan plc (AGN) Stock Rating Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Cut to Market Perform at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Givaudan Sa ‘s (GVDNY) Sell Rating Reiterated at Sanford C. Bernstein Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Community Health Systems (CYH) Lowered by KeyCorp Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on Epizyme Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (EPZM) Jefferies Group Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) William Blair Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Endo International plc – (ENDP) MKM Partners Reaffirms Buy Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) JMP Securities Increases Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Price Target to $132.00 Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €8.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) a €16.40 Price Target Newell Brands Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NWL) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Newell Brands Inc (NYSE:NWL) was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Friday. Stock investors purchased 10,257 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of 919% compared to the typical daily volume of 1,007 put options. In other Newell Brands news, Director Martin E. Franklin sold 340,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.34, for a total value of $16,435,600.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 4,840,926 shares in the company, valued at $234,010,362.84. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Steven J. Strobel sold 5,353 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $49.38, for a total value of $264,331.14. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 53,065 shares in the company, valued at $2,620,349.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 350,706 shares of company stock worth $16,980,910. Corporate insiders own 0.66% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Parallel Advisors LLC bought a new position in Newell Brands during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $105,000. Israel Discount Bank of New York bought a new position in Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at approximately $112,000. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. bought a new position in Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at approximately $186,000. Zions Bancorporation raised its position in Newell Brands by 1.6% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 4,426 shares of the company’s stock valued at $198,000 after buying an additional 68 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Global Financial Private Capital LLC bought a new position in Newell Brands during the first quarter valued at approximately $201,000. Institutional investors own 93.22% of the company’s stock. Several brokerages have issued reports on NWL. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on Newell Brands from $61.00 to $65.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday. BMO Capital Markets set a $51.00 target price on Newell Brands and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Newell Brands in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $63.00 target price on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co lowered Newell Brands from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $50.00 target price on the stock. in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “top pick” rating and issued a $60.00 target price on shares of Newell Brands in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have issued a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Newell Brands has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $57.93. Shares of Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) opened at 53.46 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $47.46 and its 200-day moving average price is $47.36. Newell Brands has a 1-year low of $43.43 and a 1-year high of $55.45. The company has a market capitalization of $25.89 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.69 and a beta of 0.94. Newell Brands (NYSE:NWL) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $3.27 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $3.23 billion. Newell Brands had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 3.98%. The firm’s revenue was up 148.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.40 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Newell Brands will post $3.10 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be given a $0.23 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 26th. This represents a $0.92 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.72%. This is a positive change from Newell Brands’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.19. Newell Brands’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 64.96%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Newell Brands Sees Unusually High Options Volume (NWL)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/newell-brands-sees-unusually-high-options-volume-nwl.html. About Newell Brands Newell Brands Inc is a marketer of consumer and commercial products. The Company’s segments include Writing, Home Solutions, Commercial Products, Baby & Parenting, Branded Consumables, Consumer Solutions, Outdoor Solutions and Process Solutions. Its products are marketed under a portfolio of brands, including Paper Mate, Sharpie, Dymo, Expo, Parker, Elmer’s, Coleman, Jostens, Marmot, Rawlings, Mr. Receive News & Ratings for Newell Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Newell Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections News Buy Photos Obituaries Archives Vietnam Revisited Most Wanted Meet the Police Above and Beyond Submit News Tips Cops and Courts Past 7 days Stocks and Finance Blogs Lost Photos Mommy Mentions Building Bookshelves Sports Penn State Golf Nascar Outdoors Past 7 days Opinion Thunder/Enlightning Past 7 Days People Games Lottery TV Listings Gas Prices Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Data Center School Databases Driving Pledge Schuylkill Living Magazine Latest Issue of SLM Advertise in SLM Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Customer Service Contact Us Submit News Tips Manage my subscription Birthday Form Become a Carrier NIE e-Edition Community Calendar Submit an Event View Calendar Events Subscribe UNLIMITED ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Pottsville Republican Herald Unlimited Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Republican Herald on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at republicanherald.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the e-Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your unlimited access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • People • Obituaries • Photos • e-Edition • Classifieds • Marketplace Deeds, May 12, 2017 POLL Do you support school vouchers? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Enter now for a $50 Boyer's Food gift card​ Enter to Win $30 in 5 Star Crossword PA Lottery Tickets! Want to win $250 to go towards your wedding? Click to find out how! Staff Reports / Published: May 12, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Deeds Mahanoy Township — Natural Coal Co. to Joseph Jr. and Penny Yutko; 2.592-acre property on St. Ann’s Street, Buck Mountain; $25,000. Minersville — JPMorgan Chase Bank NA to Susan M. and Michael J. Dunleavy; 103 Spruce St.; $38,600. Joseph A. and Carol S. Crisafulli to Derek J. Crisafulli; 140 Carbon St.; $1. North Manheim Township — David W. and Mary Anne Schneck to Michael W. and Tracy A. Morgan; 111 Cross Creek Drive, Chestnut Hill; $263,900. Pine Grove Township — Grill Seekers Inc. to CNC Enterprises LLC; two properties on Route 443; $140,000. Pottsville — Tax Claim Bureau of Schuylkill County to Francis Devizia; 528 W. Arch St.; $1,129. Tax Claim Bureau of Schuylkill County to Francis Divizia; 800 Mahantongo St.; $929. Joseph G. and Brenda B. Hoke to Stephen R. Buzalko Trust; 2053 King Ave.; $82,000. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 111 Mahantongo Street Pottsville, PA 17901 1-570-622-3456 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 Pottsville Republican, Inc. PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS PEOPLE OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND POTTSVILLE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Gladstone Land Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gladstone Land Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News VSA Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lgo Energy PLC (LGO) Gladstone Land Corp (LAND) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Marks and Spencer Group Plc (MKS) PT Raised to GBX 360 at Deutsche Bank AG Vertu Motors Plc (VTU) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Liberum Capital Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ameresco Inc (AMRC) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Allergan plc (AGN) Stock Rating Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Cut to Market Perform at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Givaudan Sa ‘s (GVDNY) Sell Rating Reiterated at Sanford C. Bernstein Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Community Health Systems (CYH) Lowered by KeyCorp Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on Epizyme Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (EPZM) Jefferies Group Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) William Blair Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Endo International plc – (ENDP) MKM Partners Reaffirms Buy Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) JMP Securities Increases Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Price Target to $132.00 Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €8.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) a €16.40 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Gulfport Energy Co. Lowered by Analyst (GPOR) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) to Strong Sell Gladstone Land Corp (LAND) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Gladstone Land Corp (NASDAQ:LAND) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm presently has a $12.00 price objective on the real estate investment trust’s stock. Zacks Investment Research‘s target price suggests a potential upside of 8.40% from the stock’s current price. According to Zacks, “Gladstone Land Corporation is a real estate investment trust. The company acquires and leases farmland to corporate and independent farmers. Its properties are situated in California and Florida. Gladstone Land Corporation is based in McLean, Virginia. “ Gladstone Land Corp (NASDAQ:LAND) opened at 11.07 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of $110.97 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 291.32 and a beta of 0.98. Gladstone Land Corp has a 52 week low of $9.51 and a 52 week high of $12.89. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $11.12 and its 200-day moving average is $11.29. Gladstone Land Corp (NASDAQ:LAND) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.01 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.13. The firm had revenue of $4.92 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $5.43 million. Gladstone Land Corp had a return on equity of 0.92% and a net margin of 4.80%. On average, equities research analysts expect that Gladstone Land Corp will post $0.01 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a monthly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 21st will be given a $0.0435 dividend. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.72%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 19th. Gladstone Land Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 742.86%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Gladstone Land Corp (LAND) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/gladstone-land-corp-land-rating-increased-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, CEO David Gladstone bought 20,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $11.15 per share, with a total value of $223,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 1,968,585 shares in the company, valued at approximately $21,949,722.75. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Over the last three months, insiders bought 21,150 shares of company stock worth $235,689. 21.67% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in LAND. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Gladstone Land Corp by 10.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,890 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $110,000 after buying an additional 929 shares during the period. Stelac Advisory Services LLC increased its position in Gladstone Land Corp by 2.3% in the first quarter. Stelac Advisory Services LLC now owns 11,297 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 250 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. increased its position in Gladstone Land Corp by 10.0% in the first quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 11,098 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $123,000 after buying an additional 1,007 shares during the period. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC increased its position in Gladstone Land Corp by 26.8% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 29,051 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $322,000 after buying an additional 6,138 shares during the period. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Gladstone Land Corp by 13.8% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 47,587 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $528,000 after buying an additional 5,786 shares during the period. 25.88% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Gladstone Land Corp Gladstone Land Corporation is an agricultural real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company is engaged in the business of owning and leasing farmland. The Company also owns various farm-related facilities, such as cooling facilities, buildings utilized for the storage and assembly of boxes for shipping produce (box barns), packinghouses, processing facilities and various storage facilities. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Gladstone Land Corp (LAND) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Gladstone Land Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Gladstone Land Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Endo International plc - - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Community Health Systems (CYH) Lowered by KeyCorp Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on Epizyme Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (EPZM) Jefferies Group Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Energy Recovery, Inc. (ERII) William Blair Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Endo International plc – (ENDP) MKM Partners Reaffirms Buy Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) JMP Securities Increases Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Price Target to $132.00 Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give E.On Se (EOAN) a €8.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) a €16.40 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Gulfport Energy Co. Lowered by Analyst (GPOR) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) to Strong Sell Central Garden & Pet Co (CENT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Raises Installed Building Products Inc (IBP) Price Target to $61.00 Zacks Investment Research Upgrades DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) to Buy Short Interest in Tech Data Corp (TECD) Drops By 62.5% NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Shares Gap Up Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Gibson Energy Inc. (GEI) Earns Sector Perform Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Dorel Industries Inc (DII.B) Price Target Raised to C$35.00 Royal Bank of Canada Lowers Hudbay Minerals Inc (HBM) Price Target to C$12.00 Scotiabank Lowers Ensign Energy Services Inc (ESI) to Underperform William Blair Research Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Endo International plc – (ENDP) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) – Investment analysts at William Blair dropped their Q2 2017 earnings per share estimates for Endo International plc – in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. William Blair analyst T. Lugo now forecasts that the company will post earnings per share of $0.80 for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $0.85. William Blair has a “Market Perform” rating on the stock. William Blair also issued estimates for Endo International plc -‘s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.73 EPS, Q4 2017 earnings at $0.74 EPS, FY2017 earnings at $3.51 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $3.80 EPS. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on ENDP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Endo International plc – from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $20.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $12.00 target price on Endo International plc – and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and set a $15.00 target price (down from $18.00) on shares of Endo International plc – in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Mizuho decreased their target price on Endo International plc – from $25.00 to $15.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc raised Endo International plc – from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Thirteen equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $19.74. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/william-blair-research-analysts-reduce-earnings-estimates-for-endo-international-plc-endp.html. Shares of Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) opened at 13.73 on Thursday. Endo International plc – has a 52-week low of $9.70 and a 52-week high of $24.93. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $10.96 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.70. The company’s market cap is $3.06 billion. Endo International plc – (NASDAQ:ENDP) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The company reported $1.23 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.10 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $1.04 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.02 billion. Endo International plc – had a positive return on equity of 15.95% and a negative net margin of 3.32%. Endo International plc -‘s quarterly revenue was up 7.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.08 EPS. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL increased its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Gamco Investors INC. ET AL now owns 47,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $782,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the period. Point View Wealth Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 12.3% in the first quarter. Point View Wealth Management Inc. now owns 11,431 shares of the company’s stock valued at $128,000 after buying an additional 1,254 shares during the period. Jensen Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 5.8% in the first quarter. Jensen Investment Management Inc. now owns 24,660 shares of the company’s stock valued at $275,000 after buying an additional 1,360 shares during the period. Macquarie Group Ltd. increased its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 132.1% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 6,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $107,000 after buying an additional 3,700 shares during the period. Finally, California State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in shares of Endo International plc – by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 449,599 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,059,000 after buying an additional 4,000 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 95.50% of the company’s stock. In related news, Director Nancy J. Hutson sold 5,325 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.82, for a total transaction of $57,616.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 0.70% of the stock is owned by insiders. Endo International plc – Company Profile Endo International PLC, formerly Endo Health Solutions Inc is a specialty healthcare solutions company focused on branded and generic pharmaceuticals, devices and services. The Company has a portfolio of branded pharmaceuticals that includes brands, such as Lidoderm, Opana ER, Voltaren Gel, Percocet, Frova, Supprelin LA, Vantas, Valstar and Fortesta Gel. Receive News & Ratings for Endo International plc - Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Endo International plc - and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan’s Frenkel Says Any Delay to Fed Hikes Would Be Harmful by Yoshiaki Nohara @ynohara1 More stories by Yoshiaki Nohara and Gareth Allan @red7racing More stories by Gareth Allan May 11, 2017, 9:54 PM EDT JPMorgan's Frenkel Says Economic Strength Justifies Hike The Federal Reserve should keep raising rates before its inflation goal materializes and not doing so could be harmful, according to JPMorgan Chase International Chairman Jacob Frenkel. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up “If you look at price pressure, yes, we are still below 2 percent, but the fact is if we wait for 2 percent to happen, we will have missed the boat because this is the trend, this is the direction,” Frenkel said on Friday in a Bloomberg TV interview with Kathleen Hays in Tokyo. The strength of the U.S. economy justifies further rate increases, he said, and “it’s not costless to delay a rate hike. We have implications for financial markets.” Most central banks over the past few years have adjusted their mandate to incorporate financial stability, and policy makers should recognize the risks that prolonged ultra-low rate policy can bring to growth, Frenkel said. “You potentially may endanger the financial stability,” he said. “I’m not saying that has happened, but I’m saying it will be very useful to have an explicit look at it and therefore restore the balance of the discussion on hiking rates, I would not call it hiking rates, I would call it normalization.” Earlier this month, Federal Reserve officials signaled that recent economic weakness wouldn’t change their outlook for raising rates two more times this year. The jobless rate has fallen to a level officials see as consistent with their maximum-employment mandate, and inflation is near the central bank’s 2 percent goal, even if price gains slowed in March. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Warren Buffett ‘Blew It’: What We Learned This Week Tesla’s Solar Roof Pricing Is Cheap Enough to Catch Fire And a Bitcoin Is Now Worth... Tesla’s Solar Roof Sets Musk’s Grand Unification Into Motion How the Fidget Spinner Origin Story Spun Out of Control Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Axa SA (CS) Given a €24.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Positive Media Coverage Extremely Unlikely to Impact Gran Tierra Energy (GTE) Stock Price Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Share Price NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Edgemoor Investment Advisors Inc. Has $11.224 Million Position in Ares Capital Co. (ARCC) Norinchukin Bank The Has $754,000 Stake in Arconic Inc (ARNC) Sprott Inc. Has $12.017 Million Stake in Coeur Mining Inc (CDE) Montgomery Investment Management Inc. Buys 13,384 Shares of CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Edgemoor Investment Advisors Inc. Has $12.073 Million Position in Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) 7,000 Shares in Lazard Ltd (LAZ) Acquired by Norinchukin Bank The Norinchukin Bank The Has $2.28 Million Position in Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) Montgomery Investment Management Inc. Buys 800 Shares of BHP Billiton plc (BBL) Sprott Inc. Decreases Position in Nevsun Resources (NSU) Zacks: Analysts Expect Huron Consulting Group (HURN) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $190.54 Million $0.87 Earnings Per Share Expected for Regency Centers Corp (REG) This Quarter Cynthia F. Leitzell Purchases 475 Shares of Malvern Bancorp, Inc. (MLVF) Stock Great Plains Energy (GXP) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Nu Skin Enterprises (NUS) Stock Price Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Given News Impact Rating of 0.34 Axa SA (CS) Given a €24.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €24.80 ($26.96) price target on Axa SA (EPA:CS) in a report released on Monday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. CS has been the subject of several other reports. Deutsche Bank AG set a €25.20 ($27.39) price target on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. HSBC Holdings plc set a €26.10 ($28.37) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Kepler Capital Markets set a €27.50 ($29.89) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €24.30 ($26.41) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Baader Bank set a €26.50 ($28.80) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Axa SA currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €25.12 ($27.31). Axa SA (EPA:CS) opened at 24.275 on Monday. Axa SA has a 1-year low of €16.11 and a 1-year high of €25.80. The firm has a market cap of €58.73 billion and a P/E ratio of 10.559. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €24.05 and a 200 day moving average of €23.21. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/axa-sa-cs-given-a-24-80-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Daily indicators SENS Click a Company Click a unit trust Unit trust portfolio tool Watchlist Click an Advisor Daily Indicators | Sens Sign in Sign up FOLLOW US Menu News Close South Africa Africa International Companies and Deals Industry Economy Markets Tech Budget Close In Depth Close Moneyweb Investor Know your Moneyweb Ask an Advisor The Money Expo Budget Investigations Ecommerce Multimedia FNB Business Leadership Retire well RMB Africa Insights Nedbank Infrastructure Standard Bank Africa Calling Tipping Point Close MyMoney Close Ask an Advisor Personal Finance Financial planning Tax Retire well Moneyweb Investor Close Investing Close Commodities Equities Property Unit Trusts Offshore investing Moneyweb Investor Close Mineweb Close Gold Silver Coal Base metals Mining companies & investment Close Opinion Close Columnists Soapbox Close Radio Close SAFM Market Update Special Report Market Commentator Tipping Point SME Webinars RSG Geldsake Adviseur Insigte Terug na die Toekoms Draaipunt Doen jou eie ding Landbou-potgooi Money Talk on Radio 2000 Financial education Close Tools and data Close Daily indicators Click a Company SENS Directors’ dealings JSE Search Tax calculator Latest winners and losers New 52 week highs and lows Top by value and volume Dividend watch Business calendar Company stats Unit Trust Search Unit trust portfolio tool Click an Advisor Close  SHOW QUICK INDICATORS  CLOSE QUICK INDICATORS JSE Indices Value Move % More JSE Indices World Indices Value Move % More World Indices Currencies Value Move % More Currencies Commodities Value Move % More Commodities Shares Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus Email Print WhatsApp  Registered users can save articles to their personal articles list. Login here or sign up here In this story OVERVIEW OF Barclays Africa Group Ltd. - JSE:BGA Open: 52wk high: 52wk low: Volume: Bid: Offer: 13 May 17 Banks in rand-rigging probe in behind-scenes negotiations 13 May 17 Barclays said to mull further 16% stake sale in African unit 11 May 17 Banks depict rand probe as vague, embarrassing Barclays Africa Group Ltd. OVERVIEW OF FirstRand Ltd. - JSE:FSR Open: 52wk high: 52wk low: Volume: Bid: Offer: 11 May 17 Banking stocks yet to recoup cabinet reshuffle losses 8 May 17 Bank CEO pay compared 4 May 17 SA close to launch of challenger to ‘big four’ banks FirstRand Ltd. OVERVIEW OF Nedbank Group Ltd. - JSE:NED Open: 52wk high: 52wk low: Volume: Bid: Offer: 11 May 17 Banking stocks yet to recoup cabinet reshuffle losses 2 May 17 Bank board fees jump 18% 28 Apr 17 Stuttafords employees, creditors fume over derailed rescue plan Nedbank Group Ltd. OVERVIEW OF Standard Bank Group Ltd. - JSE:SBK Open: 52wk high: 52wk low: Volume: Bid: Offer: 13 May 17 Banks in rand-rigging probe in behind-scenes negotiations 11 May 17 Banks depict rand probe as vague, embarrassing 11 May 17 Banking stocks yet to recoup cabinet reshuffle losses Standard Bank Group Ltd.     6 COMMENTS   "Three boards have backslid on racial diversity in past decade." Thank goodness for small mercies. Not surprising that NB so poor.............the scales have fallen from the eyes...   - by pacaratac   SEE ALL COMMENTS Shares Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google Plus   Email Print WhatsApp    Email this article Your Name: Your Email: Send Email To: Keep this field blank  Registered users can save articles to their personal articles list. Login here or sign up here Industry Five charts on why SA banks are in Zuma’s cross hairs Three boards have backslid on racial diversity in past decade. Renee Bonorchis, Bloomberg  /  12 May 2017&nbsp04:54 President Jacob Zuma South Africa’s four biggest banks, criticized by President Jacob Zuma for doing too little to boost black participation in their companies, haven’t done themselves any favours. In the past decade, three boards have backslid on racial diversity and none of them reflects the country’s demographics. Of South Africa’s population of 56 million people, about 81% are black Africans, 8.1% are white and the rest are Indian, Asian or from a group referred to locally as coloureds, who were also discriminated against during apartheid.     “Our board is representative of the pan-African nature of our business and our international shareholding,” Barclays Africa Group said in an emailed response to questions, referring to its London-based parent, which is cutting its stake in the company. “The Barclays divestment is likely to result in changes to our board. Both our chairman and CEO are women.”     Banks are not alone. Across domestic industries, whites hold more than 68% of top management positions in the private sector, while blacks have 14%, according to Department of Labor data. The Banking Association South Africa in March told lawmakers at hearings into transformation in the industry that while progress in appointing more black executives has been slow, the ranks of junior and middle black managers has increased. Boards have also become more bloated — exceeding the size of some larger, international banks and levels recommended by a South African commission of inquiry into corporate governance in the industry. The 21-member board of FirstRand cost the largest African lender by market value R215 million ($16 million) in fiscal 2016, according to the company’s latest annual report. That compares with an average of R142 million across the four companies. Nedbank Group and Barclays Africa each have 17 directors. JPMorgan Chase & Co., which has operations in more than 60 countries, has 12 directors and a market capitalisation more than five times that of the Johannesburg-based lenders combined.     “The board believes that its current size and composition is such that directors are able to discharge their fiduciary duties in a manner that is consistent with the interests of all stakeholders,” FirstRand spokeswoman Sam Moss said. Non-executive directors are regularly rotated, she said. Fourteen years ago, a  study commissioned by the central bank and overseen by a judge, recommended that a bank’s board should consist of no more than 16 members. A separate voluntary process known as the King Code of Governance Principles in 2009 said all companies should consider whether the size, diversity and demographics of their boards make them effective. Nedbank adheres to the King principles and the board’s composition takes into account additional sub committees that oversee aspects specific to banking and to “ensure diversity and independence,” said Chief Executive Officer Mike Brown. “A smaller board may result in too many duplicate members at sub committees.” Lenders have also left room for criticism in the magnitude of their compensation increases versus performance, playing into the hands of officials from the ruling African National Congress and labor leaders who have decried the gap between rich and poor. At every bank, CEO compensation grew faster than profit.     South Africa’s economy’s expanded at the slowest pace since a 2009 recession last year as inflation rose and interest-rate increases impacted consumers’ ability to spend. While the six-member banks index rose 27% in 2016, profit growth slowed at all of the four lenders amid the economic malaise. And because pay increases outstripped earnings growth, each CEO at South Africa’s four biggest banks also generated less profit for each unit of pay last year than in 2015, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Maria Ramos, CEO of Barclays Africa, generated R392 in net income for every rand the company paid her in base salary, incentives and bonuses in 2016, according to data compiled by Bloomberg and the company’s annual report. Standard Bank, Africa’s biggest lender by assets, has two CEOs, Ben Kruger and Sim Tshabalala, who together made R249 for each rand of pay. Tshabalala is the only black CEO among the four lenders.     Nedbank’s “disclosure and remuneration structures currently appear to be the best in the South African banking industry,” analysts including Harry Botha at Avior Capital Markets said in a note on May 8. “We rank Nedbank’s corporate governance as good with a score of 3.75 out of 5, from 3.73 in 2015. In terms of the overall score, Nedbank continues to rate ahead of Barclays Africa, FirstRand and Standard Bank’s scores of 3.48, 3.29 and 3.45 respectively.” Nedbank’s Brown received the smallest rise in total compensation, while the heads of Standard Bank and FirstRand had increases below inflation, which averaged 6.3% last year, according to the central bank. Ramos’ total pay shot up 33 after a share award valued at 8 million rand. The incentive, which vests after September 2018, was offered as retainer while London-based Barclays sells down its stake. Standard Bank declined to comment, referring all queries to their annual report. FirstRand’s Johan Burger was the highest paid CEO, taking a total of R63 million for fiscal 2016, compared with average compensation of R45 million for the other executives. ©2017 Bloomberg Can we provide you with information on a FICA management tool? Name* Surname* Email* Contact Number* Business or Personal application?* PersonalBusiness What is your biggest concern?* Managing FICAData Privacy I am a:* Marketer Consumer Name This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Home    News    Industry More stories from Moneyweb Stash your cash SPONSORED If you think your savings will be sufficient for retirement, think again! Fred Hurter Chrismar Healthcare Consultants Do you know which benchmark your equity fund manager is using? Latest headlines    Banks in rand-rigging probe in behind-scenes negotiations    Barclays said to mull further 16% stake sale in African unit    Ramaphosa cheered as presidential campaign gains traction    Maimane says coalition will beat ANC in 2019    6 comments To comment, you must be registered and logged in. LOGIN HERE Username Password Remember Me Forgot password Don't have an account? Sign up here Africa Pragmatist 1 day ago Not the mention… – the monopolisation of SA’s top 5 banks of the banking industry; – the collusion practices of SA’s top 5 banks; – the illegal activity to keep other banks (and building societies out of money lending. It is not just Zuma that is mad – I AM MAD. Vote   2 Log in to Reply    Report  Tweet Blunderor 1 day ago The lack of competition in the banking sector results in an economic landscape the suffer of monopolies? Vote   1 Log in to Reply    Report  Tweet Blunderor 1 day ago Is there any information by comparison to show, which one of these banks excelled in the development of competition in SA. It appears that the concentrated nature and structure of our economy perpetuates from pre 1994 over the timeline of this article. Vote Log in to Reply    Report  Tweet johncan 23 hours ago The banks collude with interest rate charges keeping them high. And that is why we have too many banks. Card purchases and vehicle Hire purchase are very often over 20% interest and sometimes reach 30%. They should be in line with other western countries and most charge 6 %. Allowing the banks to take so much cash out of our struggling economy means we will always have high unemployment. Vote   5 Log in to Reply    Report  Tweet Sensei 23 hours ago If Zuma and the ANC have such a problem with the banks, they should at least have the integrity and decency to put their money where their mouths are and stop relying on banks to buy government bonds. Zuma is desperate to borrow from banks, while at the same time he insults them with racist rants. Teach the banks a lesson and run a budget surplus! At the moment Zuma is biting the hand that feeds him, and he is too ignorant to realize it. Vote   6 Log in to Reply    Report  Tweet pacaratac 23 hours ago “Three boards have backslid on racial diversity in past decade.” Thank goodness for small mercies. Not surprising that NB so poor………….the scales have fallen from the eyes Vote   1 Log in to Reply    Report  Tweet Latest Currencies ZAR / USD ZAR / GBP ZAR / Euro Editor's Picks Commented Top Read 1 More than 70% of middle class has financial flu 2 Stash your cash 3 Shoprite's repurchase of Whitey Basson's shares ruffles shareholders 1 Stash your cash   24 2 5 years and R6bn for Sassa to take over grant payments   18 3 Inclusive growth must be affordable, sustainable – Gigaba   17 1 Stash your cash 2 More than 70% of middle class has financial flu 3 Do you know which benchmark your equity fund manager is using? SEARCH CLICK A COMPANY Enter company name or share code: MONEYWEB NEWSLETTERS Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Moneyweb newsletters Morning Coffee Moneyweb radio transcripts On SAFM Market update tonight Op RSG Geldsake vanaand Moneyweb Investor monthly magazine Podcasts <a href="https://iono.fm/c/2249">This channel is hosted by iono.fm</a> Moneyweb Investor Issue 24 The relative strength of the rand has seen South Africans relax since the cabinet reshuffle and sovereign downgrades by S&P and Fitch. Don't be deceived - this is a self-inflicted wound. In the May issue of The Moneyweb Investor, we take a closer look to see which companies are likely to thrive and which will not, in the post-downgrade world. Read online MONEYWEB JOURNALISTS Follow @Moneyweb Tweet to @Moneyweb A Twitter List by Moneyweb HOME Fast News In depth Budget E-magazines Investigations Investing Commodities Equities Offshore investing Property Unit Trusts MyMoney Financial planning Personal Finance Tax News South Africa Africa International Companies and Deals Industry Economy Markets Tech Opinion Columnists Soapbox Radio SAFM Market Update RSG Geldsake Market Commentator Special Report JSE Today Latest winners and losers Top by value and volume New 52 week highs and lows Tools and data Business calendar Click a company Click an Advisor Daily indicators Directors’ dealings Dividend watch SENS Tax calculator Unit trust portfolio tool Unit Trust Search Moneyweb Site feedback Register for Click an Advisor Advertise with us Contact Moneyweb About Moneyweb Investor relations Moneyweb staff disclosures Terms of Use Home Click a company Click a Unit Trust Click an Advisor Unit trust portfolio tool Directors’ dealings Dividend watch Advertise with us About Moneyweb Contact Moneyweb Price and trade data source: JSE Ltd. All other statistics calculated by Profile Data. All data on this page is delayed by at least 15 minutes. Copyright © 2017 Moneyweb Holdings Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Go to Moneyweb TV     Close server: 172.16.0.13
null
Home Staff Privacy Policy About/Contact Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health Daily Ratings & News for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. with our free daily email newsletter: Follow @TranscriptDaily Recent Posts Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Gorman-Rupp (GRC) Share Price Gap (GPS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Lowe's Companies (LOW) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Nucor (NUE) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Brokerages Anticipate Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) to Announce $0.96 Earnings Per Share $878.82 Million in Sales Expected for Ventas, Inc. (VTR) This Quarter Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $579.5 Million Ampliphi Biosciences Corp (APHB) Given $22.50 Average Target Price by Brokerages Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Director John D. Jr. Hardy Sells 992 Shares of Stock AGT Food and Ingredients Inc (AGT) Insider Murad Al-Katib Buys 1,500 Shares Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Stock John B. Sanfilippo & Son, Inc. (JBSS) Director James J. Sanfilippo Sells 498 Shares First American Financial Corp (FAF) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Entergy (ETR) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.13 Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect EOG Resources (EOG) Stock Price Favorable Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact Companhia Paranaense de Energia (ELP) Stock Price Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Given News Impact Rating of 0.26 Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Starbucks Co. (SBUX) to Post $0.55 EPS Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $42.2 Million ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (ZIOP) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS Posted by James Quigley on May 11th, 2017 // No Comments ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) released its earnings results on Monday. The biotechnology company reported ($0.15) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.12) by $0.03. ZIOPHARM Oncology had a negative return on equity of 364.49% and a negative net margin of 2,276.89%. The company had revenue of $1.60 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.71 million. ZIOPHARM Oncology’s revenue for the quarter was down 18.8% on a year-over-year basis. Shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology (NASDAQ:ZIOP) traded up 8.70% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $7.12. The stock had a trading volume of 1,768,338 shares. ZIOPHARM Oncology has a 52 week low of $4.45 and a 52 week high of $8.72. The stock’s market cap is $930.59 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $6.74 and a 200 day moving average price of $6.33. Several research analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised ZIOPHARM Oncology from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. Griffin Securities reissued a “buy” rating and set a $23.00 target price (up from $21.00) on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $10.25. A hedge fund recently raised its stake in ZIOPHARM Oncology stock. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) by 8.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 214,906 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock after buying an additional 16,398 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC owned about 0.16% of ZIOPHARM Oncology worth $1,363,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 41.26% of the company’s stock. WARNING: This article was originally published by Transcript Daily and is owned by of Transcript Daily. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/05/11/ziopharm-oncology-inc-ziop-posts-quarterly-earnings-results-misses-estimates-by-0-06-eps-updated.html. About ZIOPHARM Oncology ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company, which is seeking to develop, acquire and commercialize, on its own or with partners, a portfolio of cancer therapies that address unmet medical needs. The Company is focused on developing products in immuno-oncology that employ gene expression, control and cell technologies to deliver cell- and viral-based therapies for the treatment of cancer and graft-versus-host-disease. Receive News & Ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  «  PREVIOUS Chart Industries, Inc. (GTLS) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research  »  NEXT Kenneth Duda Sells 10,507 Shares of Arista Networks Inc (ANET) Stock Latest News E.On Se Given a €7.75 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts HeidelbergCement AG Given a €80.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Linde AG Given a €174.00 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Societe Generale SA Given a €59.80 Price Target at Morgan Stanley adidas AG Given a €210.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts RWE AG Given a €14.10 Price Target by Barclays PLC Analysts Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health © 2006-2017 Transcript Daily
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Releases Earnings Results Steven B. Bing Sells 875 Shares of Almost Family Inc (AFAM) Stock Jaffetilchin Investment Partners LLC Takes Position in IDACORP Inc (IDA) Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Sells 118,190 Shares of Liberty Global plc – Class C (LBTYK) Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Has $1.806 Million Position in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Takes Position in United States Steel Co. (X) Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Invests $12.811 Million in Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Jaffetilchin Investment Partners LLC Has $217,000 Stake in BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) EnerNOC (ENOC) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.27 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Ecopetrol SA (EC) Stock Price Energy Transfer Equity (ETE) Earning Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) Share Price Brokerages Anticipate Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Post $0.56 EPS Analysts Expect Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) to Announce $0.53 Earnings Per Share WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Shares Sold by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Has $24.564 Million Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Sells 45,935 Shares of Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Wabash National Co. (WNC) Stake Maintained by Diversified Portfolios Inc. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Has $6,985,000 Position in New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Boosts Position in Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (SMI) Releases Earnings Results May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (NYSE:SMI) announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday. The semiconductor company reported $0.07 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.11 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $793.09 million during the quarter. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l had a net margin of 11.49% and a return on equity of 6.96%. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l (NYSE:SMI) traded down 4.61% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $5.79. 369,089 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $6.37 billion, a PE ratio of 14.30 and a beta of 0.67. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l has a 52 week low of $3.88 and a 52 week high of $7.74. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $6.19 and its 200 day moving average is $6.64. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/semiconductor-manufacturing-intl-smi-releases-earnings-results.html. SMI has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Deutsche Bank AG cut shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday. Finally, Macquarie cut shares of Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $7.97. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in SMI. Susquehanna International Group LLP acquired a new stake in Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l during the third quarter valued at approximately $143,000. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc increased its stake in Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 25.0% in the first quarter. K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc now owns 25,000 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $157,000 after buying an additional 5,000 shares during the period. Capstone Asset Management Co. increased its stake in Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 28.4% in the first quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 38,740 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $243,000 after buying an additional 8,570 shares during the period. Comerica Bank increased its stake in Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 2.1% in the first quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 48,799 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $296,000 after buying an additional 997 shares during the period. Finally, World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l by 1.9% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 52,711 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock valued at $331,000 after buying an additional 965 shares during the period. 1.06% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation is a Hong Kong-based investment holding company principally engaged in the computer-aided design, manufacture and trading of integrated circuits (IC). Its products include power management ICs, image sensors, eFlash, embedded microprocessor, touch controller ICs, fingerprint sensors and micro-electromechanical systems (MEMS) sensors, among others. Receive News & Ratings for Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Semiconductor Manufacturing Int'l and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Post $0.56 EPS Analysts Expect Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) to Announce $0.53 Earnings Per Share WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Shares Sold by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Has $24.564 Million Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Sells 45,935 Shares of Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Wabash National Co. (WNC) Stake Maintained by Diversified Portfolios Inc. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Has $6,985,000 Position in New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Boosts Position in Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Boosts Position in Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Position Raised by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Webster Financial Co. (WBS) EVP Dawn C. Morris Sells 900 Shares Intercept Pharmaceuticals Inc (ICPT) Insider Lisa Bright Sells 426 Shares Xactly Corp (XTLY) CFO Joseph C. Consul Sells 3,333 Shares Galena Biopharma Inc (GALE) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.13 EPS Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Digital Realty Trust (DLR) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Discovery Communications (DISCB) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.22 IFM Investments Limited (CTC) Receives News Impact Rating of 0.32 Hodges Capital Management Inc. Increases Position in Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Phoenix Investment Adviser LLC Has $964,000 Stake in Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Brokerages Anticipate Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Post $0.56 EPS May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts expect Outfront Media Inc (NYSE:OUT) to announce earnings per share (EPS) of $0.56 for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Four analysts have made estimates for Outfront Media’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.54 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.59. Outfront Media posted earnings per share of $0.59 during the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year over year growth rate of 5.1%. The business is scheduled to announce its next earnings results on Thursday, August 3rd. On average, analysts expect that Outfront Media will report full-year earnings of $2.06 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.99 to $2.16. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of $2.24 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $2.14 to $2.36. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that follow Outfront Media. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.19. The company had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $392.43 million. Outfront Media had a negative return on equity of 0.79% and a negative net margin of 0.63%. Outfront Media’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.55 EPS. OUT has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Outfront Media from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $30.00 price target for the company in a report on Monday, February 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $27.00 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Outfront Media from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price target for the company from $26.00 to $28.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Wedbush increased their price target on Outfront Media from $36.00 to $42.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, TheStreet raised Outfront Media from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Outfront Media currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $29.57. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Brokerages Anticipate Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Post $0.56 EPS” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/brokerages-anticipate-outfront-media-inc-out-to-post-0-56-eps.html. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) traded up 0.04% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $23.17. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,100,556 shares. Outfront Media has a 1-year low of $20.72 and a 1-year high of $27.89. The company has a 50 day moving average of $25.88 and a 200-day moving average of $25.34. The company has a market capitalization of $3.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 33.43 and a beta of 1.28. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Investors of record on Friday, June 9th will be issued a $0.36 dividend. This represents a $1.44 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 6.21%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio is currently -1,942.58%. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 5.9% in the first quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 3,785 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 210 shares in the last quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP increased its position in shares of Outfront Media by 47.5% in the first quarter. Quantbot Technologies LP now owns 6,419 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $170,000 after buying an additional 2,068 shares in the last quarter. WFG Advisors LP acquired a new position in shares of Outfront Media during the fourth quarter worth approximately $194,000. SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of Outfront Media during the first quarter worth approximately $204,000. Finally, Gideon Capital Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Outfront Media during the fourth quarter worth approximately $209,000. About Outfront Media OUTFRONT Media Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT), which provides advertising space (displays) on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments are U.S. Media and Other. The U.S. Media segment includes U.S. Billboard and Transit. The Other segment includes International and Sports Marketing. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Outfront Media (OUT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Medicines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Medicines Company (MDCO) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Shawn Mccreight Sells 15,000 Shares of Guidance Software, Inc. (GUID) Stock Texas Permanent School Fund Purchases 618 Shares of Fortinet Inc (FTNT) Texas Permanent School Fund Acquires 308 Shares of Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Shares Sold by Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS Tegna Inc (TGNA) Position Reduced by Mraz Amerine & Associates Inc. Ameriprise Financial Inc. Has $99.152 Million Stake in Bank of Montreal (BMO) Olstein Capital Management L.P. Purchases 5,000 Shares of Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) $0.34 Earnings Per Share Expected for Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) This Quarter City Office REIT Inc (CIO) Receives $14.63 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Analysts Set Newpark Resources Inc (NR) Target Price at $22.82 Frontline Ltd. (FRO) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Second Sight Medical Products Inc (EYES) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) Earning Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Commerce Bank Has $459,000 Position in Vectren Corp (VVC) Xactly Corp (XTLY) CFO Joseph C. Consul Sells 6,666 Shares of Stock Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) Stake Increased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC Nevsun Resources (NSU) Director Anne Elizabeth Giardini Purchases 30,000 Shares of Stock Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Anthem Inc (ANTM) The Medicines Company (MDCO) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) have trended somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research firm, a division of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. The Medicines Company earned a media sentiment score of 0.23 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news headlines about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s scoring: ETFs with exposure to The Medicines Co. : May 11, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) The Medicines Company Gets The Go-Ahead On Novel Cardiovascular Drug (seekingalpha.com) The Medicines Co. :MDCO-US: Earnings Analysis: Q1, 2017 By the Numbers : May 9, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) The Medicines Company (MDCO) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$1.24 Per Share (americanbankingnews.com) Do Options Traders Know Something About Medicines Company (MDCO) Stock We Don’t? (zacks.com) Several research firms have recently commented on MDCO. Cowen and Company lifted their price objective on shares of The Medicines Company from $39.00 to $61.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $62.00 price objective on shares of The Medicines Company in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $60.00 price objective on shares of The Medicines Company in a research note on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a research note on Saturday, March 18th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The Medicines Company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $55.50. The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) traded up 0.70% on Thursday, reaching $47.20. 591,618 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $50.29 and a 200 day moving average price of $42.87. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.35 billion. The Medicines Company has a 52 week low of $30.80 and a 52 week high of $55.95. The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported ($1.44) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.13) by $0.31. The Medicines Company had a negative return on equity of 35.07% and a negative net margin of 96.44%. The firm had revenue of $24.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $37.76 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted ($1.03) EPS. The firm’s revenue was down 51.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that The Medicines Company will post ($5.47) earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “The Medicines Company (MDCO) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/the-medicines-company-mdco-getting-somewhat-positive-news-coverage-report-finds.html. The Medicines Company Company Profile The Medicines Company is a global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on advancing the treatment of acute and intensive care patients through the delivery of medicines to the hospital marketplace around the world. It markets Angiomax (bivalirudin), Ionsys (fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system), Minocin (minocycline) for injection and Orbactiv (oritavancin). Receive News & Ratings for The Medicines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Frontline Ltd. (FRO) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Second Sight Medical Products Inc (EYES) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) Earning Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Commerce Bank Has $459,000 Position in Vectren Corp (VVC) Xactly Corp (XTLY) CFO Joseph C. Consul Sells 6,666 Shares of Stock Sapiens International Co. (SPNS) Stake Increased by Denver Investment Advisors LLC Nevsun Resources (NSU) Director Anne Elizabeth Giardini Purchases 30,000 Shares of Stock Cantor Fitzgerald Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Anthem Inc (ANTM) Denver Investment Advisors LLC Takes Position in P H Glatfelter Co (GLT) Orion Engineered Carbons SA (OEC) Now Covered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Denver Investment Advisors LLC Has $11.766 Million Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) First Washington CORP Maintains Stake in Cabot Oil & Gas Co. (COG) Commerce Bank Sells 2,940 Shares of CEB Inc. (CEB) Symphony Asset Management LLC Invests $513,000 in Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Shares Bought by Commerce Bank CM Finance Inc (CMFN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Fifth Street Senior Floating Rate Corp (FSFR) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.03 EPS BroadVision, Inc. (BVSN) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Papa Murphy's Holdings Inc (FRSH) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.11 EPS Servicemaster Global Holdings (SERV) Earning Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) has trended positive on Thursday, Alpha One reports. The research firm, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Servicemaster Global Holdings earned a media sentiment score of 0.34 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media headlines about the business services provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. Shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) traded down 0.29% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $37.75. 862,948 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $39.99 and its 200 day moving average price is $38.52. The stock has a market capitalization of $5.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.41 and a beta of 1.02. Servicemaster Global Holdings has a 52-week low of $32.41 and a 52-week high of $42.45. Servicemaster Global Holdings (NYSE:SERV) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The business services provider reported $0.34 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.38 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $643 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $638.52 million. Servicemaster Global Holdings had a return on equity of 44.95% and a net margin of 5.23%. The company’s revenue was up 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.34 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that Servicemaster Global Holdings will post $2.16 earnings per share for the current year. A number of brokerages recently commented on SERV. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $49.00 price objective for the company. Piper Jaffray Companies restated an “overweight” rating and issued a $49.00 price objective on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and issued a $43.00 price objective on shares of Servicemaster Global Holdings in a research report on Friday, January 20th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $43.67. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/servicemaster-global-holdings-serv-earning-positive-media-coverage-alphaone-reports.html. In other news, SVP James T. Lucke sold 21,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.05, for a total value of $841,050.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 30,230 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,210,711.50. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Alan Haughie sold 127,571 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.87, for a total transaction of $5,086,255.77. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 169,571 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,760,795.77. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 172,860 shares of company stock valued at $6,900,476. Company insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. Servicemaster Global Holdings Company Profile ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc is a provider of essential residential and commercial services. The Company operates through three segments: Terminix, American Home Shield and the Franchise Services Group. Its portfolio of brands includes Terminix, American Home Shield, ServiceMaster Restore, ServiceMaster Clean, Merry Maids, Furniture Medic and AmeriSpec. Receive News & Ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Servicemaster Global Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Five Charts on Why South African Banks Are in Zuma's Sights by Renee Bonorchis @Reneebon More stories by Renee Bonorchis May 11, 2017, 6:00 PM EDT May 12, 2017, 2:09 AM EDT Three boards have backslid on racial diversity in past decade As CEO compensation rose, profit growth slumped in 2016 South Africa's President Jacob Zuma. Photographer: John Wessels/AFP via Getty Images South Africa’s four biggest banks, criticized by President Jacob Zuma for doing too little to boost black participation in their companies, haven’t done themselves any favors. In the past decade, three boards have backslid on racial diversity and none of them reflects the country’s demographics. Of South Africa’s population of 56 million people, about 81 percent are black Africans, 8.1 percent are white and the rest are Indian, Asian or from a group referred to locally as coloreds, who were also discriminated against during apartheid. “Our board is representative of the pan-African nature of our business and our international shareholding,” Barclays Africa Group Ltd. said in an emailed response to questions, referring to its London-based parent, which is cutting its stake in the company. “The Barclays divestment is likely to result in changes to our board. Both our chairman and CEO are women.” Banks are not alone. Across domestic industries, whites hold more than 68 percent of top management positions in the private sector, while blacks have 14 percent, according to Department of Labor data. The Banking Association South Africa in March told lawmakers at hearings into transformation in the industry that while progress in appointing more black executives has been slow, the ranks of junior and middle black managers has increased. Boards have also become more bloated -- exceeding the size of some larger, international banks and levels recommended by a South African commission of inquiry into corporate governance in the industry. The 21-member board of FirstRand Ltd. cost the largest African lender by market value 215 million rand ($16 million) in fiscal 2016, according to the company’s latest annual report. That compares with an average of 142 million rand across the four companies. Nedbank Group Ltd. and Barclays Africa each have 17 directors. JPMorgan Chase & Co., which has operations in more than 60 countries, has 12 directors and a market capitalization more than five times that of the Johannesburg-based lenders combined. “The board believes that its current size and composition is such that directors are able to discharge their fiduciary duties in a manner that is consistent with the interests of all stakeholders,” FirstRand spokeswoman Sam Moss said. Non-executive directors are regularly rotated, she said. Fourteen years ago, a  study commissioned by the central bank and overseen by a judge, recommended that a bank’s board should consist of no more than 16 members. A separate voluntary process known as the King Code of Governance Principles in 2009 said all companies should consider whether the size, diversity and demographics of their boards make them effective. Nedbank adheres to the King principles and the board’s composition takes into account additional sub committees that oversee aspects specific to banking and to “ensure diversity and independence,” said Chief Executive Officer Mike Brown. “A smaller board may result in too many duplicate members at sub committees.” Lenders have also left room for criticism in the magnitude of their compensation increases versus performance, playing into the hands of officials from the ruling African National Congress and labor leaders who have decried the gap between rich and poor. At every bank, CEO compensation grew faster than profit. South Africa’s economy’s expanded at the slowest pace since a 2009 recession last year as inflation rose and interest-rate increases impacted consumers’ ability to spend. While the six-member banks index rose 27 percent in 2016, profit growth slowed at all of the four lenders amid the economic malaise. And because pay increases outstripped earnings growth, each CEO at South Africa’s four biggest banks also generated less profit for each unit of pay last year than in 2015, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Maria Ramos, CEO of Barclays Africa, generated 392 rand in net income for every rand the company paid her in base salary, incentives and bonuses in 2016, according to data compiled by Bloomberg and the company’s annual report. Standard Bank, Africa’s biggest lender by assets, has two CEOs, Ben Kruger and Sim Tshabalala, who together made 249 rand for each rand of pay. Tshabalala is the only black CEO among the four lenders. Nedbank’s “disclosure and remuneration structures currently appear to be the best in the South African banking industry,” analysts including Harry Botha at Avior Capital Markets said in a note on May 8. “We rank Nedbank’s corporate governance as good with a score of 3.75 out of 5, from 3.73 in 2015. In terms of the overall score, Nedbank continues to rate ahead of Barclays Africa, FirstRand and Standard Bank’s scores of 3.48, 3.29 and 3.45 respectively.” Nedbank’s Brown received the smallest rise in total compensation, while the heads of Standard Bank and FirstRand had increases below inflation, which averaged 6.3 percent last year, according to the central bank. Ramos’ total pay shot up 33 percent after a share award valued at 8 million rand. The incentive, which vests after September 2018, was offered as retainer while London-based Barclays Plc sells down its stake. Standard Bank declined to comment, referring all queries to their annual report. FirstRand’s Johan Burger was the highest paid CEO, taking a total of 63 million rand for fiscal 2016, compared with average compensation of 45 million rand for the other executives. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Warren Buffett ‘Blew It’: What We Learned This Week Tesla’s Solar Roof Pricing Is Cheap Enough to Catch Fire And a Bitcoin Is Now Worth... Tesla’s Solar Roof Sets Musk’s Grand Unification Into Motion How the Fidget Spinner Origin Story Spun Out of Control Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metro Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metro Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Tableau Software (DATA) Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) Receives News Sentiment Rating of 0.08 Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Metro Ag (MEO3) Investors Title Company (ITIC) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Juno Therapeutics (JUNO) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.07 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact Kelly Services (KELYA) Stock Price Knowles Corp (KN) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds National Fuel Gas (NFG) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Pinnacle West Capital (PNW) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.06 Neuburgh Advisers LLC Has $590,000 Stake in Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Ball Co. (BLL) Position Decreased by Fortaleza Asset Management Inc. Engineers Gate Manager LP Has $2.225 Million Position in Wabash National Co. (WNC) Engineers Gate Manager LP Raises Stake in TrueCar Inc (TRUE) Symphony Asset Management LLC Sells 2,516 Shares of Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) Symphony Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) Engineers Gate Manager LP Takes Position in Valvoline Inc (VVV) Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Stake Raised by Lafayette Investments Inc. NetScout Systems, Inc. (NTCT) Insider Sells $34,600.00 in Stock David J. Tupman Sells 6,000 Shares of Pixelworks, Inc. (PXLW) Stock Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Given “Buy” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Metro Ag (MEO3) May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Metro Ag (ETR: MEO3) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 5/11/2017 – Metro Ag was given a new €30.50 ($33.15) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Metro Ag was given a new €29.00 ($31.52) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/9/2017 – Metro Ag had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at DZ Bank AG. 5/8/2017 – Metro Ag was given a new €33.20 ($36.09) price target on by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/8/2017 – Metro Ag was given a new €33.00 ($35.87) price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Metro Ag was given a new €28.00 ($30.43) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Metro Ag was given a new €38.00 ($41.30) price target on by analysts at equinet AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/14/2017 – Metro Ag was given a new €37.00 ($40.22) price target on by analysts at Commerzbank Ag. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Metro Ag (ETR:MEO3) traded down 0.582% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching €27.337. The company had a trading volume of 400 shares. Metro Ag has a 12-month low of €22.37 and a 12-month high of €29.85. The company has a market capitalization of €8.96 billion and a PE ratio of 35.781. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of €26.56 and a 200 day moving average price of €26.71. Metro AG is a Germany-based company engaged in the self-service wholesale trade sector. The Company operates through three segments: METRO Cash & Carry, Media-Saturn and Real. The METRO Cash & Carry segment operates in the wholesale business for professional customers, such as hotels and restaurants, catering firms, independent retailers, service providers and public authorities, and comprises the brands METRO and MAKRO. Receive News & Ratings for Metro Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metro Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Issues Experts Newsletters & Trading Services Login Readers Sound Off on Banks, Buffett & the Not-so-friendly Skies Posted on May 11, 2017 by Brad Hoppmann When I started publishing the Afternoon Edition, I did so with the intent of providing an uncommon perspective on different news and/or market-related topics. Over the years, we’ve covered all kinds of diverse subjects, including economics, politics, science, art, sociology, war, elections, technology, cybersecurity, nutrition, happiness, etc. Of course, we’ve usually connected those topics with markets and investing strategies. Our health, wealth and well-being connect … and interconnect … in various, and often not-so-obvious, ways. In recent Afternoon Editions, we’ve written about the potential "deposit drain" in regional banks; Warren Buffett’s latest market observations, and even the outrageous happenings when flying the not-so-friendly skies. Each of these topics elicited a lot of thoughtful comments from readers. And today’s issue is all about those comments. But before we get to your thoughts, I want to answer a general question I get from time to time. You may have the same one yourself. I’ve had some readers ask me why I periodically do these "feedback" issues. After all, most other publishers don’t do anything of the sort. Well, that’s just it. We’re not like most other publishers. We like to interact with readers. And we think what you have to say is just as important as what we have to say. The way I see it, the only way our society, our country and our world gets better is through better understanding each other … and then taking the appropriate action that helps. Yet before you can understand and take action, you have to talk about it. There’s no understanding without conversation first. Full stop. So, can we talk? On the issue of regional banks and the pending "deposit drain" generated by the Fed ceasing its quantitative easing bond-buying program, Mike K. writes: JPMorgan’s advice to the "smaller" banks sounds like, "Merge now so that you will be ‘too big to fail.’" Once again, a government intervention to fix one issue causes another problem. Ugh. Brad response: I agree that the entire "too big to fail" bank scandal caused a ripple effect of more problems. Ultimately, the bank bailout just creates more incentive for bad behavior going forward. And as Mike points out, one government intervention creates dislocation when that intervention ceases. One can argue that the bank bailout, and subsequent Fed QE, was necessary. What you can’t argue is that many industries have had to … and/or will continue to have to … deal with the unintended consequences. *** On the issue of Warren Buffett, Peter M. asks: If Buffett thinks his company is so great, why doesn’t it pay a dividend? Brad response: I think Buffett prefers to reinvest Berkshire profits back into the business, as that’s what’s helped him engineer a 580% rise in Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-B) since they became public in 1996. I think it’s fair game to criticize Buffett’s politics, his cult-like following and even his personal style. What’s hard to criticize is his results. *** On the issue of airline travel ruckus and trying to see things through from the safety-oriented perspective of a flight attendant, Mathew writes: Someone needs a reality check. There is NO reason to think that the handling of these flight issues was appropriate. The only safety issue that these events have in common is that the flight crews caused an unsafe environment, and then escalated them by using threats and violence. That should never be accepted or tolerated. Every employer I have ever had would have, at the least, released me from employment for any of these. And then we had Larry, who writes: I rarely ever comment on articles, but I just had to say something regarding flight attendants. Just to make it clear, I do not work for the airlines. That job is just too hard on your body and mind. What most people don’t understand is that the flight attendant’s primary goal is to save your life. They go through endless hours of training/testing, and each year they have to be recertified. It’s a known fact that people often die, not because of the accident but because they were frozen in shock after the accident and they didn’t move away from the danger area. Those so-called ‘waitresses in the sky’ are trained to react with fixed steps and fixed commands in case of an emergency. All those rules about seatbelts, bags, tray tables, electronics, etc. are all for safety. Typically, it is a thankless job. They carry a huge responsibility with little to no acknowledgement. They do the jobs of nurse, daycare attendant, police, fireman, therapist, liaison officer and food/beverage host! They’ve even been asked to be on the lookout for human trafficking. Day in and day out, they are supposed to do that with a smile. I’ve flown a lot of miles and I’ve seen the people who fly. Generally, I have to say people are decent and reasonable, but there’s that small percentage that ruin it for everyone else. The drunks, the racists, the egomaniacs and the list goes on. The flight attendants are the front line that has to deal with these people and protect the other passengers (and the pilots!) from these people. I’m not saying the airlines bear no faults for the recent incidents. As with any other profession, you have good people and you have some bad ones. It seems the news just focuses on the bad experiences. Be nice to your flight attendant; he or she may just save your life one day or the life of someone you love. Brad response: Thank you, Mathew and Larry, for offering both perspectives here. I think it’s true to say that — in the many outrageous incidents that we all now know about — things could have been handled much, much better. I also think it’s safe to say that if we all treated flight attendants the way Larry does, flying would be a lot more enjoyable. Given these great responses, I hope that you can see why a feedback-oriented issue from time to time is important, informative and just downright interesting. *** If you’d like to comment, or if you have a question about today’s Afternoon Edition topic, or any of the topics we cover, just leave a comment on our website or send us an e-mail. *** If you’ve driven to your local Macy’s (M) lately only to find out that it closed, you probably weren’t surprised to see its stock tumble 17% today. Today the company reported that same-store sales fell 4.6% in Q1, an even-bigger loss than analysts expected. The news was "less worse" for Kohl’s (KSS), where same-store sales fell 2.7% and the stock fell 7.9%. Tomorrow morning we’ll get J.C. Penney (JCP) earnings, but today we got a 7.4% dip in the shares. Nordstrom (JWN) fell 7.6% in sympathy with the retail rout, but the stock is perking up after its post-closing-bell earnings report. Stocks closed lower across the board. However, the Dow rallied back from its 100-point loss this morning. The Industrials closed "just" 0.1% (23.7 points) lower. • Oh, Snap Inc. (SNAP)! The parent company of social-media company Snapchat shaved 21.5% off its share price today after it reported a $2.2 billion first-quarter loss. • Auto loan fraud on the rise: Fraud rates on loan applications are approaching the 1% mark. That was the same percentage we saw in the mortgage-lending market during the 2009 housing crisis. Of that figure, about 3% of the fraudulent information is coming from the car dealer, rather than the consumer seeking the loan. (Bloomberg) • Will $10 million stave off the next financial crisis? Jeff Bezos, Mike Bloomberg, Bill Gates and other philanthropists and investors are donating some of their vast personal fortunes to Yale. They want it to "create an online platform to provide real-time support for dealing with a crisis" by 2019. (Quartz) • Smoking-hot profits: Cigarette sales are down 37% in the past 15 years, while revenues are up 32% thanks to higher prices, smokeless tobacco and nicotine gum. The WSJ says Americans spent more on tobacco products than beer and soda combined. In 2017, leaders of the stock "pack" include Altria (MO, +4.1%), Reynolds American (RAI, +16.3%), Philip Morris (PM, +21.4%) and British American Tobacco (BTI, +23%). Good luck and happy investing, Brad Hoppmann Publisher Uncommon Wisdom Daily Your thoughts on “Readers Sound Off on Banks, Buffett & the Not-so-friendly Skies” ian says: May 12, 2017 at 6:27 pm when are these bulls going to run out of money if ever. Reply Books says: May 11, 2017 at 7:36 pm Just a complaint about the ever shrinking seats and leg room on flights. Americans are taller and bigger than in the past, and the airlines are shrinking the seating spaces! On my last flight, my seat mate was a BIG guy, about 6’5 and very muscular. In very good shape, just a big man. His legs would not fit in the space and he had to put one leg in my area and the other leg in the person sitting in the aisle seat’s area. He was young, couldn’t afford first class, and all the aisle seats were taken when he signed up for his ticket. I am tall too, and I was very scrunched up on that flight. The flight attendants were super, but the airlines are making passengers crabby by shrinking spaces, charging for every little bag. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Next → Brad Hoppmann Brad Hoppmann originally grew up in Florida, but has lived in Baltimore, Charlotte and New York as well throughout his career. Always an athlete, he played varsity football and water polo at the University of Florida and received All-SEC/SCC honors. → Recently by Brad Hoppmann 12 May On Dealing With the Only Constant in Markets, and In Life 11 May Readers Sound Off on Banks, Buffett & the Not-so-friendly Skies 10 May Are Banks Getting Ready for a ‘Deposit Drain’? 09 May Attention: Artificial Intelligence is in Your Gas Tank Weiss Research Contact Us Uncommon Wisdom Daily 4400 Northcorp Parkway Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410 Copyright © 2017 Uncommon Wisdom Daily | Contact | Privacy | Terms | Advertising
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayer AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sony Corp (SNE) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.13 Bayer AG (BAYN) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Solar Capital (SLRC) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Sonic Foundry (SOFO) Share Price First Eagle Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. First Dallas Securities Inc. Has $1.979 Million Position in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Shares Sold by Opus Capital Group LLC Simulations Plus, Inc. (SLP) Insider Virginia E. Woltosz Sells 19,524 Shares Blucora Inc (BCOR) Director Christopher William Walters Sells 7,403 Shares Twilio Inc (TWLO) Director Buys $231,900.00 in Stock LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Insider Christopher Battles Sells 2,572 Shares Peter R. Ingram Sells 5,000 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stock Theodore S. Hanson Sells 5,325 Shares of On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Stock Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrstrctre (MFD) Plans $0.30 Quarterly Dividend Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research BG Staffing Inc (BGSF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Aircastle Limited (AYR) Bonds Trading 1.8% Lower Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Bond Prices Rise 3.8% Park City Group, Inc. (PCYG) Releases Earnings Results Bayer AG (BAYN) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Bayer AG (FRA: BAYN): 5/8/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €126.00 ($136.96) price target on by analysts at Commerzbank Ag. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/8/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €145.00 ($157.61) price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/5/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €130.00 ($141.30) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/2/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €112.00 ($121.74) price target on by analysts at Nord/LB. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €120.00 ($130.43) price target on by analysts at Independent Research GmbH. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €124.00 ($134.78) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €107.00 ($116.30) price target on by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €125.00 ($135.87) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €125.00 ($135.87) price target on by analysts at S&P Global. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €118.00 ($128.26) price target on by analysts at equinet AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €101.00 ($109.78) price target on by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €118.00 ($128.26) price target on by analysts at Warburg Research. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €87.00 ($94.57) price target on by analysts at Baader Bank. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €119.00 ($129.35) price target on by analysts at Commerzbank Ag. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €118.00 ($128.26) price target on by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €125.00 ($135.87) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €103.00 ($111.96) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Bayer AG had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/18/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €118.00 ($128.26) price target on by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €125.00 ($135.87) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/12/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €125.00 ($135.87) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/11/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €120.00 ($130.43) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €118.00 ($128.26) price target on by analysts at Warburg Research. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €122.00 ($132.61) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Bayer AG had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 4/3/2017 – Bayer AG had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a price target on the stock. 3/30/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €119.00 ($129.35) price target on by analysts at Commerzbank Ag. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/23/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €110.00 ($119.57) price target on by analysts at Societe Generale. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €101.00 ($109.78) price target on by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €130.00 ($141.30) price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Bayer AG had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. 3/16/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €125.00 ($135.87) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 3/13/2017 – Bayer AG was given a new €122.00 ($132.61) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Shares of Bayer AG (FRA:BAYN) traded down 0.803% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting €115.198. The company had a trading volume of 4,167 shares. Bayer AG has a one year low of €83.87 and a one year high of €116.48. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €108.90 and its 200 day moving average price is €101.46. The company has a market capitalization of €100.38 billion and a P/E ratio of 19.054. . Receive News & Ratings for Bayer AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayer AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sony Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sony Corp (SNE) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.13 Bayer AG (BAYN) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Solar Capital (SLRC) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Sonic Foundry (SOFO) Share Price First Eagle Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. First Dallas Securities Inc. Has $1.979 Million Position in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Shares Sold by Opus Capital Group LLC Simulations Plus, Inc. (SLP) Insider Virginia E. Woltosz Sells 19,524 Shares Blucora Inc (BCOR) Director Christopher William Walters Sells 7,403 Shares Twilio Inc (TWLO) Director Buys $231,900.00 in Stock LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Insider Christopher Battles Sells 2,572 Shares Peter R. Ingram Sells 5,000 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stock Theodore S. Hanson Sells 5,325 Shares of On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Stock Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrstrctre (MFD) Plans $0.30 Quarterly Dividend Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research BG Staffing Inc (BGSF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Aircastle Limited (AYR) Bonds Trading 1.8% Lower Talen Energy Corp (TLN) Bond Prices Rise 3.8% Park City Group, Inc. (PCYG) Releases Earnings Results Sony Corp (SNE) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.13 May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) have been trending somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne reports. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Sony Corp earned a coverage optimism score of 0.13 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news stories about the company an impact score of 27 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the media headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne’s analysis: Technical Signals in View for Sony Corp (SNE) – Financial News Review (finnewsreview.com) Mario Gabelli Comments on Sony Corp (finance.yahoo.com) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Sony Corp (SNE) to Post $0.47 EPS (americanbankingnews.com) Microsoft : Developments in the Virtual and Augmented Reality Market (4-traders.com) Japan’s Nikkei loses momentum after strong rally, Sony climbs (finance.yahoo.com) SNE has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Sony Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. TheStreet raised shares of Sony Corp from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Sony Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, April 21st. Sanford C. Bernstein initiated coverage on shares of Sony Corp in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 target price for the company. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “conviction-buy” rating on shares of Sony Corp in a report on Monday, May 1st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.15. Shares of Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE) traded down 0.03% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $35.59. 696,190 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $33.09 and its 200-day moving average is $31.02. The stock has a market cap of $44.93 billion, a P/E ratio of 69.51 and a beta of 1.97. Sony Corp has a one year low of $24.54 and a one year high of $35.66. WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/sony-corp-sne-given-daily-media-impact-rating-of-0-13.html. Sony Corp Company Profile Sony Corporation (Sony) is engaged in the development, design, manufacture and sale of various kinds of electronic equipment, instruments and devices for consumer, professional and industrial markets, as well as game consoles and software. The Company’s segments include Mobile Communications, Game & Network Services, Imaging Products & Solutions, Home Entertainment & Sound, Devices, Pictures, Music, Financial Services and All Other. Receive News & Ratings for Sony Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sony Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FS Investment Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FS Investment Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News -$0.33 Earnings Per Share Expected for Aratana Therapeutics Inc (PETX) This Quarter FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Issues Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.02 EPS CytRx Co. (CYTR) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Sony Corp (SNE) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.13 Bayer AG (BAYN) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Solar Capital (SLRC) Stock Price Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect Sonic Foundry (SOFO) Share Price First Eagle Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. First Dallas Securities Inc. Has $1.979 Million Position in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) ManpowerGroup Inc. (MAN) Shares Sold by Opus Capital Group LLC Simulations Plus, Inc. (SLP) Insider Virginia E. Woltosz Sells 19,524 Shares Blucora Inc (BCOR) Director Christopher William Walters Sells 7,403 Shares Twilio Inc (TWLO) Director Buys $231,900.00 in Stock LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Insider Christopher Battles Sells 2,572 Shares Peter R. Ingram Sells 5,000 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stock Theodore S. Hanson Sells 5,325 Shares of On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Stock Macquarie/First Trust Global Infrstrctre (MFD) Plans $0.30 Quarterly Dividend Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research FS Investment Co. (FSIC) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results May 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet FS Investment Co. (NYSE:FSIC) posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday. The financial services provider reported $0.22 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.02. FS Investment had a return on equity of 9.68% and a net margin of 38.26%. The firm had revenue of $106.06 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $101.94 million. Shares of FS Investment (NYSE:FSIC) remained flat at $9.45 during midday trading on Thursday. The stock had a trading volume of 893,520 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $9.69 and a 200-day moving average of $10.02. FS Investment has a 1-year low of $8.03 and a 1-year high of $10.80. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, June 21st will be given a $0.2228 dividend. This represents a $0.89 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 9.43%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, June 19th. FS Investment’s payout ratio is 130.88%. A hedge fund recently bought a new stake in FS Investment stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. bought a new stake in FS Investment Co. (NYSE:FSIC) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm bought 12,498 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $122,000. 32.41% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/11/fs-investment-co-fsic-issues-quarterly-earnings-results.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on FSIC shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded FS Investment from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. TheStreet downgraded FS Investment from a “b” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Janney Montgomery Scott started coverage on FS Investment in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $10.00 price target for the company. Wells Fargo & Co downgraded FS Investment from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, National Securities boosted their price target on FS Investment from $9.00 to $10.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $9.93. About FS Investment FS Investment Corporation is an externally managed, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Company’s investment objectives are to generate current income and long-term capital appreciation. Its portfolio consists primarily of investments in senior secured loans and second lien secured loans of the private United States middle market companies and subordinated loans of the private United States companies. Receive News & Ratings for FS Investment Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FS Investment Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Maiden Holdings, Ltd. (MHLD) Shares Sold by Mork Capital Management LLC Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Has $30.267 Million Position in ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Mork Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 6,060 Shares of MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Mork Capital Management LLC Has $908,000 Position in Gap Inc (GPS) Hood River Capital Management LLC Invests $10.436 Million in TIER REIT Inc (TIER) FormFactor, Inc. (FORM) Shares Bought by Hood River Capital Management LLC Assetmark Inc. Lowers Stake in Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Hood River Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Pool Co. (POOL) Kinsale Capital Group Inc (KNSL) Shares Bought by Hood River Capital Management LLC Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Raises Stake in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Sells 28,048 Shares of MGM Resorts International (MGM) Hood River Capital Management LLC Has $13.586 Million Position in LHC Group, Inc. (LHCG) Mork Capital Management LLC Has $722,000 Stake in Gannett Co Inc (GCI) Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. (LGND) Position Reduced by Hood River Capital Management LLC Mork Capital Management LLC Has $1,889,000 Position in Korn/Ferry International (KFY) Hood River Capital Management LLC Has $11.05 Million Stake in Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Mitsubishi UFJ Trust & Banking Corp Has $31.89 Million Stake in SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Hood River Capital Management LLC Purchases 177,774 Shares of Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc (TRHC) Japan Tobacco Inc (JAPAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Mork Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Mork Capital Management LLC held its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 36,100 shares of the auto parts company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Mork Capital Management LLC’s holdings in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings were worth $678,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Foundry Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 15.1% in the first quarter. Foundry Partners LLC now owns 889,123 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $16,698,000 after buying an additional 116,381 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 689.9% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 180,169 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $3,478,000 after buying an additional 157,360 shares during the period. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 84.3% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 1,251,488 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $23,503,000 after buying an additional 572,315 shares during the period. United Services Automobile Association boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 45.3% in the third quarter. United Services Automobile Association now owns 346,223 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $5,962,000 after buying an additional 107,900 shares during the period. Finally, State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings by 7.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,648,331 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $31,809,000 after buying an additional 114,333 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 98.33% of the company’s stock. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL) traded down 2.49% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $17.25. 851,301 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $17.53 and its 200 day moving average is $18.27. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. has a 52 week low of $12.61 and a 52 week high of $21.25. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.92 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 5.28 and a beta of 1.37. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings (NYSE:AXL) last announced its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The auto parts company reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.15. The business had revenue of $1.05 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.06 billion. American Axle & Manufact. Holdings had a return on equity of 54.01% and a net margin of 6.10%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 8.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.78 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. will post $3.38 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Mork Capital Management LLC Maintains Stake in American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (AXL)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/mork-capital-management-llc-maintains-stake-in-american-axle-manufact-holdings-inc-axl.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on AXL shares. FBR & Co cut shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Citigroup Inc cut shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and increased their price objective for the stock from $21.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Monday, February 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $24.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $23.00 price objective on shares of American Axle & Manufact. Holdings in a research note on Monday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $20.38. About American Axle & Manufact. Holdings American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc (AAM) manufactures, engineers, designs and validates driveline and drivetrain systems and related components and chassis modules for light trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover vehicles, passenger cars and commercial vehicles. Its driveline and drivetrain systems include components that transfer power from the transmission and deliver it to the drive wheels. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AXL). Receive News & Ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Axle & Manufact. Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Reuters - Barclays reshuffles investment banking pack, going on hiring spree Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Hiring opportunities ? Barclays reshuffled its senior global investment bank management on Thursday and is seeking to hire between 50 to 100 people to boost the division under new chief Tim Throsby, according to sources with direct knowledge of the plans. Throsby will become interim head of the bank's markets division while Joe Corcoran, who previously held the role, will move to the newly created position of vice chairman of markets, the sources said as the bank looks to take on Wall Street rivals. Joe McGrath will be the new global head of banking at Barclays and John Miller will become the head of global industry coverage banking, reporting to McGrath. CEO Jes Staley has stressed that investment banking is a key pillar of the bank's growth strategy and in September appointed former JPMorgan colleague Throsby to head the international division that houses Barclays' investment bank. Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires: sources Deutsche Bank reorganises macro, electronic trading units Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WEX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set NewLink Genetics Corp (NLNK) Target Price at $25.20 Analysts Anticipate Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) to Announce $0.24 EPS Analysts Expect Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) to Announce $0.57 Earnings Per Share Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $62 Million Stake in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Stevens Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 81,810 Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Smith Moore & CO. Sells 111 Shares of Bank of Montreal (BMO) MB Financial Inc (MBFI) Shares Bought by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Shares Sold by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $12.973 Million Position in CubeSmart (CUBE) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $6.081 Million Position in Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Insider Jack Bendheim Sells 1,400 Shares Darren Fichter Sells 3,000 Shares of Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Stock Insperity (NSP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35 Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stock Price Greene County Bancorp (GCBC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Emergent Biosolutions (EBS) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet WEX Inc (NYSE:WEX) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the eleven ratings firms that are presently covering the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have issued a hold recommendation and four have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average twelve-month target price among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $110.00. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of WEX from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $129.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Barclays PLC dropped their target price on shares of WEX from $116.00 to $115.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Tuesday, February 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised shares of WEX from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. TheStreet cut shares of WEX from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $135.00 target price on shares of WEX in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Shares of WEX (NYSE:WEX) traded down 0.56% during trading on Friday, hitting $100.03. 388,779 shares of the stock were exchanged. WEX has a 52 week low of $80.67 and a 52 week high of $122.91. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $102.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $108.68. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.29 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 62.71 and a beta of 1.90. WEX (NYSE:WEX) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The business services provider reported $1.13 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.13. The business had revenue of $291.36 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $281.68 million. WEX had a net margin of 5.95% and a return on equity of 13.93%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 41.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.98 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that WEX will post $5.31 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “WEX Inc (WEX) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/wex-inc-wex-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. In related news, SVP Scott Robert Phillips sold 22,135 shares of WEX stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $99.90, for a total transaction of $2,211,286.50. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Michael E. Dubyak sold 5,500 shares of WEX stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.94, for a total transaction of $604,670.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 44,416 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,883,095.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.86% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Warburg Pincus LLC acquired a new position in shares of WEX during the fourth quarter worth about $447,703,000. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of WEX by 4.7% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,075,394 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $318,303,000 after buying an additional 137,427 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of WEX by 15,129.9% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,044,752 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $315,131,000 after buying an additional 3,024,760 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of WEX by 53.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,823,182 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $292,200,000 after buying an additional 986,969 shares during the period. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of WEX by 15.6% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 2,754,125 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $307,361,000 after buying an additional 371,145 shares during the period. 95.09% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About WEX WEX Inc is a provider of corporate payment solutions. The Company operates through three segments: Fleet Solutions, Travel and Corporate Solutions, and Health and Employee Benefit Solutions. The Fleet Solutions segment provides customers with payment and transaction processing services designed for the needs of commercial and government fleets. Receive News & Ratings for WEX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $62 Million Stake in NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Stevens Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 81,810 Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Smith Moore & CO. Sells 111 Shares of Bank of Montreal (BMO) MB Financial Inc (MBFI) Shares Bought by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Shares Sold by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC State of Wisconsin Investment Board Has $12.973 Million Position in CubeSmart (CUBE) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $6.081 Million Position in Granite Construction Inc. (GVA) Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Insider Jack Bendheim Sells 1,400 Shares Darren Fichter Sells 3,000 Shares of Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Stock Insperity (NSP) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.35 Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Regency Centers Corp (REG) Stock Price Greene County Bancorp (GCBC) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.34 Emergent Biosolutions (EBS) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.33 Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Brewin Dolphin Holdings plc (BRW) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Canadian Natural Resources Limited (CNQ) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Kura Oncology Inc (KURA) Given $15.50 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Five Below Inc (FIVE) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts RPM International Inc. (RPM) Position Decreased by Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Stevens Capital Management LP increased its position in Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 213.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 78,626 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 53,538 shares during the period. Stevens Capital Management LP owned approximately 0.06% of Bunge worth $6,232,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its position in shares of Bunge by 2.0% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 20,226 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,198,000 after buying an additional 387 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Bunge by 8.2% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 19,700 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,167,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares in the last quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB increased its position in shares of Bunge by 14.5% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 136,151 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $8,064,000 after buying an additional 17,224 shares in the last quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Bunge by 0.5% in the third quarter. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC now owns 9,475 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $561,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Finally, TradeLink Capital LLC bought a new position in shares of Bunge during the third quarter worth approximately $294,000. 78.49% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded down 0.31% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $69.93. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 878,308 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $76.73 and its 200 day moving average price is $72.87. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.82 billion, a PE ratio of 18.56 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge Ltd has a 1-year low of $56.69 and a 1-year high of $82.66. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. The company had revenue of $11.12 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. Bunge had a return on equity of 10.38% and a net margin of 1.58%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.41 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a $0.42 dividend. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.40%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Stevens Capital Management LP Has $6.232 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/stevens-capital-management-lp-has-6-232-million-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 price target on Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price target for the company. in a report on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Stephens downgraded Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $76.14. In related news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total value of $1,002,685.32. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at approximately $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acceleron Pharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scout Investments Inc. Has $30.265 Million Position in Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Shares Bought by Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Sells 9,452 Shares of Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Eagle Boston Investment Management Inc. Acquires 1,005 Shares of IDEX Co. (IEX) Middleby Corp (MIDD) Stake Raised by Eagle Asset Management Inc. Eagle Asset Management Inc. Acquires 4,100 Shares of Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) Capital Innovations LLC Raises Position in Kansas City Southern (KSU) News Corp (NWS) Stake Raised by Toronto Dominion Bank Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wells Fargo & Co Brokerages Expect American Equity Investment Life Holding (AEL) to Post $0.60 Earnings Per Share Analysts Set Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Price Target at $58.43 Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Receives $35.60 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Londonmetric Property PLC (LMP) Receives GBX 162.86 Average PT from Brokerages Knight Therapeutics Inc (GUD) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts DigitalGlobe Inc (DGI) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Workday Inc (WDAY) Stake Decreased by Ameriprise Financial Inc. Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Shares Sold by Pzena Investment Management LLC Traders Sell Ctrip.Com International Ltd (CTRP) on Strength After Analyst Downgrade Ameriprise Financial Inc. Raises Position in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) TFS Capital LLC Purchases Shares of 71,059 Myokardia Inc (MYOK) Eagle Asset Management Inc. Acquires 4,100 Shares of Acceleron Pharma Inc (XLRN) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Eagle Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) by 0.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 1,178,959 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 4,100 shares during the period. Eagle Asset Management Inc. owned approximately 3.07% of Acceleron Pharma worth $31,207,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in XLRN. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in Acceleron Pharma by 1,540.3% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 811,749 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $29,378,000 after buying an additional 762,262 shares during the period. Perceptive Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $15,822,000. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P acquired a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $9,453,000. Novo A S increased its stake in Acceleron Pharma by 37.2% in the fourth quarter. Novo A S now owns 1,240,173 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $31,649,000 after buying an additional 336,340 shares during the period. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Acceleron Pharma during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $8,234,000. 82.57% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN) traded up 3.20% on Friday, hitting $30.01. 391,584 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $28.54 and its 200 day moving average price is $28.69. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.16 billion. Acceleron Pharma Inc has a 1-year low of $23.07 and a 1-year high of $41.69. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.66) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.58) by $0.08. Acceleron Pharma had a negative return on equity of 30.75% and a negative net margin of 229.77%. The firm had revenue of $3.71 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.38 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.13 EPS. The business’s revenue was down 79.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Acceleron Pharma Inc will post ($2.60) EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/eagle-asset-management-inc-acquires-4100-shares-of-acceleron-pharma-inc-xlrn.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on XLRN shares. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price objective on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Thursday, April 6th. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Sunday, March 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $33.00 price objective on the stock. Nomura started coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised shares of Acceleron Pharma from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $40.00 to $36.00 in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Acceleron Pharma presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.46. Acceleron Pharma Company Profile Acceleron Pharma Inc is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of therapeutics to treat serious and rare diseases. Its research focuses on key natural regulators of cellular growth and repair, particularly the Transforming Growth Factor-Beta (TGF-beta), protein superfamily. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XLRN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Acceleron Pharma Inc (NASDAQ:XLRN). Receive News & Ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology DISH Network Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Myriad Genetics, Inc. (MYGN) Releases Q4 Earnings Guidance Hilliard Lyons Lowers DISH Network Corp (DISH) to Neutral DISH Network Corp’s (DISH) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Wells Fargo & Co Trinseo S.A. (TSE) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Corporate Office Properties Trust (OFC) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.28 Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Position Cut by US Bancorp DE Kingstone Companies Inc (KINS) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.08 Per Share Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Earns Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Expedia Inc (EXPE) Stake Increased by Swiss National Bank Icon Advisers Inc. Co. Has $692,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc (PBF) Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc Takes Position in Tupperware Brands Co. (TUP) Icon Advisers Inc. Co. Continues to Hold Stake in Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Juniper Networks, Inc. (JNPR) Position Held by Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc Buys Shares of 11,300 Graphic Packaging Holding Company (GPK) Flossbach Von Storch AG Has $5,902,000 Position in The Western Union Company (WU) KeyCorp (KEY) Stake Increased by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Icon Advisers Inc. Co. Continues to Hold Stake in Dycom Industries, Inc. (DY) Swiss National Bank Has $46.413 Million Position in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Brokerages Anticipate Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $264.79 Million Zacks: Brokerages Expect Mohawk Industries, Inc. (MHK) Will Announce Earnings of $3.61 Per Share Hilliard Lyons Lowers DISH Network Corp (DISH) to Neutral May 12th, 2017 - By Jessica Moore - 0 comments Filed Under: Finance DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) was downgraded by analysts at Hilliard Lyons from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note issued on Monday, May 1st. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. SunTrust Banks, Inc. assumed coverage on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a “hold” rating and a $60.00 target price for the company. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of DISH Network Corp from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $62.00 to $74.00 in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Wells Fargo & Co restated an “outperform” rating and set a $88.50 target price on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of DISH Network Corp in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG cut their target price on shares of DISH Network Corp from $103.00 to $102.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $68.86. Get DISH Network Corp alerts: DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) traded down 0.42% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $61.37. 1,295,742 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $62.08 and its 200 day moving average is $60.27. DISH Network Corp has a one year low of $44.35 and a one year high of $65.61. The company has a market capitalization of $28.59 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.73 and a beta of 1.09. DISH Network Corp (NASDAQ:DISH) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The company reported $0.76 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.67 by $0.09. The firm had revenue of $3.68 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.76 billion. DISH Network Corp had a net margin of 6.48% and a return on equity of 40.84%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.84 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that DISH Network Corp will post $2.72 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/05/12/dish-network-corp-dish-downgraded-to-neutral-at-hilliard-lyons-updated.html. In other DISH Network Corp news, Treasurer Kyle J. Kiser sold 32,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.90, for a total value of $2,011,750.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Tom A. Ortolf sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $60.55, for a total transaction of $302,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,000 shares in the company, valued at $302,750. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 46,378 shares of company stock worth $2,864,048. Insiders own 49.40% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Dodge & Cox bought a new stake in shares of DISH Network Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $942,242,000. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of DISH Network Corp by 41.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 14,269,188 shares of the company’s stock valued at $905,951,000 after buying an additional 4,158,136 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of DISH Network Corp by 7.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 24,440,962 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,338,875,000 after buying an additional 1,712,291 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new stake in shares of DISH Network Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $88,743,000. Finally, Alliancebernstein L.P. raised its stake in shares of DISH Network Corp by 768.3% in the first quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 1,367,296 shares of the company’s stock valued at $86,810,000 after buying an additional 1,209,821 shares during the period. 47.98% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. DISH Network Corp Company Profile DISH Network Corporation is a holding company. The Company operates through two segments: Pay-TV and Broadband, and Wireless. It offers pay-TV services under the DISH brand and the Sling brand (collectively Pay-TV services). The DISH branded pay-TV service consists of Federal Communications Commission (FCC) licenses authorizing it to use direct broadcast satellite and Fixed Satellite Service spectrum, its owned and leased satellites, receiver systems, third-party broadcast operations, customer service facilities, a leased fiber optic network, in-home service and call center operations, and certain other assets utilized in its operations. Receive News & Stock Ratings for DISH Network Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DISH Network Corp and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
News Sports Obituaries Classifieds Alert 66° Full Menu Alert 66° Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Press Pass News News Arlington Crime Fort Worth Local Nation and World Northeast Tarrant Politics Texas Databases Blogs & Columnists Bud Kennedy Sports Sports Cowboys Colleges Mavericks Motorsports Rangers Stars TCU High School Sports All Sports Scores & Schedules Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Blogs & Columns Big Mac Blog Cowboys Corner Gil LeBreton Mac Engel Politics Politics Business Business Aviation Baker Ahles & Kaskovich Barnett Shale SkyTalk Technology The Savvy Consumer Living Living Arts Family Food & Drink Health & Fitness Indulge The Keller Magazine Anniversary announcements Engagement announcements Wedding announcements Blogs & Columns Dear Abby Neil Sperry Social Eyes Entertainment Entertainment Restaurants Events Arts & Culture Movies TV Music Nightlife Party Pics Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a letter Cheers and Jeers Submit a Cheer or Jeer Blogs & Columnists Bud Kennedy Cynthia M. Allen Mike Norman Other Voices Richard Greene Community News Arlington Citizen-Journal Keller Citizen Star-Telegram Northeast Mansfield News-Mirror Weatherford Star-Telegram Obituaries Today's Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Weddings Must Know Hispanic Heritage Cancer Awareness Healthy Lifestyle Dining, Entertaining Breast Cancer Awareness Think Green Money Matters All About Pets Careers and Business Health and Wellness How To... Women Today Family and Parenting Easy Living Tips Lawn and Garden Giving Back Men Today On the Road 1 On the Road 2 Public Notices Local Deals Shopping Grocery Coupons Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds La Estrella Digital Replica Edition Pier 1 Imports continues to operate more than 1,000 stores in North America, including this location in Southlake. Steve Kaskovich Star-Telegram Baker Ahles & Kaskovich May 12, 2017 6:12 PM New Pier 1 Imports CEO starts job with stock incentives in place LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Pier 1 Imports’ new boss, Alasdair James, is in town and has received the customary pile of stock incentives upon starting his new job. James, 46, formerly the president of Kmart, started as president and chief executive officer of the Fort Worth-based home furnishings retailer on May 1. According to securities filings, James received a $300,000 signing bonus and will be paid a base salary of $1 million a year. Upon his start at Pier 1, he received stock options worth $1 million, with a ten-year term, and restricted stock grants worth $2.5 million, with some vesting over time and some vesting based on performance. James succeeds Alex Smith, who retired at the end of the year. According to the company’s proxy statement filed last week, Smith received compensation worth $6.8 million in his final year at the helm and left holding 1.9 million shares of Pier 1 stock, or 2.25 percent of outstanding shares. That was worth about $11.8 million as of Friday’s close. Smith joined Pier 1 in 2007 and led a turnaround of the retailer following the Great Recession. At the time of his departure, the company said he would be due a lump-sum pension payout of about $24 million during this fiscal year. Smith’s compensation puts him among the top 40 highest-paid executives of public companies in North Texas, according to a database compiled by the Star-Telegram. Like other retailers, Pier 1 has been struggling to adjust to the movement of shoppers online and away from brick-and-mortar stores. Pier 1 continues to operate more than 1,000 stores in North America, but said in March that it plans to close about 100 stores over the next two years. Its stock dropped 8 percent on Friday as the Gordon Haskett investment firm initiated coverage with a recommendation to reduce holdings, and worries swirled about Amazon getting into the furniture business. Pier 1 has scheduled its annual shareholders meeting for 10 a.m. June 22 at its corporate headquarters just west of downtown. Southwest tops J.D. Power rankings For the first time, Southwest Airlines topped the J.D. Power customer service rankings for low-cost airlines. The Dallas-based airline received a score of 807, barely beating out last year’s winner JetBlue, which scored 803 this year. The survey, based on responses from more than 11,000 passengers, ranks airlines based on in-flight services, aircraft, flight crew, check-in, reservations, costs and fees and baggage handling. Alaska Airlines ranked No. 1 for traditional carriers, with Fort Worth-based American Airlines coming in third with a score of 736. According to J.D. Power, customer satisfaction with U.S. airlines has steadily improved due to lower fares, better on-time performance and fewer lost bags. “It’s impossible to think about airline customer satisfaction without replaying the recent images of a passenger being dragged from a seat, but our data shows that, as a whole, the airline industry has been making marked improvements in customer satisfaction across a variety of metrics, from ticket cost to flight crew,” said J.D. Power’s travel practice lead Michael Taylor. The overall score for the industry increased to 756, up 30 points compared with last year. As more passengers post comments about their airline experience on social media, J.D. Power found that when an airline responded to the comment, customer satisfaction increased. Getting workers to the factory floor U.S. Rep. Marc Veasey worries about the worker on the factory floor. The Fort Worth Democrat has toured and worked in local manufacturing facilities as part of his “Marc Means Business” workdays. So Veasey was sincere when he talked about attacking the “skills gap” as J.P. Morgan Chase donated $500,000 to the Community Learning Center last week. The funds will support training in high-demand occupations, especially aerospace and advanced manufacturing. Veasey said nearly 3.5 million manufacturing jobs will need to be filled over the next decade, but the “skills gap” is expected to leave 2 million of those jobs unfilled. He said there are 350,000 job vacancies in advanced manufacturing. Congressman Marc Veasey, D-Fort Worth, advocates more funding for retraining to fill the “skills gap” for workers in modern manufacturing jobs. Khampha Bouaphanh kbouaphanh@star-telegram.com As Lockheed Martin and Bell Helicopter Textron bring more jobs to the area, Veasey said “we must ensure that our local workforce is ready to take advantage of these new opportunities.” “This is a situation that needs to be addressed,” Veasey said. “It is a very real problem.” Veasey has previously sponsored legislation in Congress to help with the retraining of the workforce, including his “Bridge to Manufacturing Jobs Act,” which would provide for a competitive grant program for apprenticeship and internship programs for a consortium of manufacturing companies in their local regions. He has also authored the “Partnerships for the Future Act” that would direct the Department of Labor to create a competitive grant pilot program to provide additional tools for educating and training the workforce. “It is clear that the need to invest in job training and re-training programs is more urgent than ever,” Veasey said. “The days where you could find a good paying job ‘working the line’ with limited technical knowledge are long gone.” Andrea Ahles: 817-390-7631, @Sky_Talk Max B. Baker: 817-390-7714, @MaxbakerBB Steve Kaskovich: 817-390-7773, @stevekasko Southwest Airlines topped the J.D. Power customer service rankings for low-cost airlines. Brandon Wade Special to the Star-Telegram LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 29 minutes ago Jeff Banister breaks down Andrew Cashner, bullpen 2:02 29 minutes ago Jeff Banister breaks down Andrew Cashner, bullpen 1:26 35 minutes ago Jeff Banister talks about Joey Gallo's winning at-bat 2:03 an hour ago Burleson Centennial run rules Legacy to tie series View More Video Local Spotlight Baker Ahles & Kaskovich How much are area executives making? Check out our database Bell Helicopter expects V-280 tilt-rotor to fly in September Roanoke architecture firm cooks up another big project Fort Worth forum likely to spur questions on Lake Arlington injection well Lawmakers, scientists seek millions more to study cause of earthquakes Baker Ahles & Kaskovich Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Replica Edition Vacation Hold Pay Your Bill Press Pass Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us RSS Feeds Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Place a Classified Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Navient Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TD Asset Management Inc. Acquires 108,457 Shares of Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Parkwood LLC Acquires New Stake in Navient Corp (NAVI) TD Asset Management Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Lindblad Expeditions Holdings Inc. (LIND) CMS Energy Co. (CMS) Shares Sold by Tdam USA Inc. Hercules Capital Inc (HTGC) Shares Sold by Opus Capital Group LLC Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.15 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Will Post Earnings of $0.06 Per Share Insider Selling: PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Insider Sells 3,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Kansas City Southern (KSU) Director Sells 3,500 Shares of Stock $0.17 Earnings Per Share Expected for Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) This Quarter Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Micron Technology (MU) Share Price Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Prosperity Bancshares (PB) Stock Price ServiceNow (NOW) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.12 JetBlue Airways (JBLU) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Endurance Wealth Management Inc. Has $145,000 Stake in Raymond James Financial, Inc. (RJF) Opus Capital Group LLC Has $297,000 Position in Kaiser Aluminum Corp. (KALU) Sei Investments Co. Has $12.321 Million Position in Kinross Gold Co. (KGC) Opus Capital Group LLC Invests $305,000 in Grupo Aeroportr dl Pcfco SAB de CV (PAC) First Eagle Investment Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Monster Beverage Co. (MNST) Sei Investments Co. Acquires 39,049 Shares of Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Parkwood LLC Acquires New Stake in Navient Corp (NAVI) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parkwood LLC acquired a new stake in Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm acquired 18,960 shares of the credit services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $280,000. Several other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Coconut Grove Bank increased its position in shares of Navient Corp by 107.1% in the first quarter. Coconut Grove Bank now owns 6,960 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 3,600 shares during the period. WFG Advisors LP purchased a new position in shares of Navient Corp during the fourth quarter valued at $132,000. Moore Capital Management LP purchased a new position in shares of Navient Corp during the third quarter valued at $150,000. Teza Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Navient Corp during the first quarter valued at $162,000. Finally, Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC increased its position in shares of Navient Corp by 13.5% in the third quarter. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC now owns 11,553 shares of the credit services provider’s stock valued at $167,000 after buying an additional 1,373 shares during the period. 93.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) traded down 2.44% on Friday, reaching $14.00. 1,889,499 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $14.92 and a 200 day moving average of $15.53. Navient Corp has a 12 month low of $11.01 and a 12 month high of $17.95. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.99 billion, a PE ratio of 7.36 and a beta of 2.57. Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The credit services provider reported $0.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.06. Navient Corp had a return on equity of 15.65% and a net margin of 13.72%. The company had revenue of $334 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $345.60 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.43 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 19.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that Navient Corp will post $1.80 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 16th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.16 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 31st. This represents a $0.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.57%. Navient Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 30.19%. WARNING: “Parkwood LLC Acquires New Stake in Navient Corp (NAVI)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/parkwood-llc-acquires-new-stake-in-navient-corp-navi.html. Several brokerages have recently weighed in on NAVI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Navient Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $19.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Navient Corp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Barclays PLC decreased their target price on shares of Navient Corp from $21.00 to $20.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “hold” rating and issued a $18.00 target price on shares of Navient Corp in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, Wedbush began coverage on shares of Navient Corp in a research note on Monday, January 30th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $16.50 target price for the company. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Navient Corp currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $17.75. In other Navient Corp news, Director Gilleland Diane Suitt sold 5,467 shares of Navient Corp stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.89, for a total transaction of $86,870.63. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 1.05% of the stock is owned by insiders. Navient Corp Company Profile Navient Corporation provides asset management and business processing services to education, healthcare and government clients at the federal, state and local levels. The Company holds the portfolio of education loans insured or federally guaranteed under the Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NAVI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Navient Corp (NASDAQ:NAVI). Receive News & Ratings for Navient Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Navient Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Haverford Trust Co. Has $863,000 Stake in Sanofi SA (SNY) Allegis Investment Advisors LLC Has $1.878 Million Stake in Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) 180,781 Shares in Aqua America Inc (WTR) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp Karp Capital Management Corp Invests $7.887 Million in Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Karp Capital Management Corp Takes Position in ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Leidos Holdings (LDOS) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.45 Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Stock Price Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.72 Per Share Canadian Solar Inc. (CSIQ) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages $0.20 EPS Expected for American River Bankshares (AMRB) This Quarter Wedbush Weighs in on Endocyte, Inc.’s FY2021 Earnings (ECYT) William Blair Equities Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Aclaris Therapeutics Inc (ACRS) Teza Capital Management LLC Invests $356,000 in Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. (MPWR) Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Shares Bought by Intrust Bank NA Teza Capital Management LLC Buys Shares of 5,025 Nexstar Media Group Inc (NXST) Teza Capital Management LLC Buys Shares of 8,885 HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Teza Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Equity Commonwealth (EQC) Teza Capital Management LLC Takes Position in L Brands Inc (LB) Fifth Street Asset Management Inc (FSAM) Shares Sold by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC Has $186,000 Position in Tiffany & Co. (TIF) Haverford Trust Co. Has $863,000 Stake in Sanofi SA (SNY) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Haverford Trust Co. held its position in Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 19,075 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Haverford Trust Co.’s holdings in Sanofi SA were worth $863,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Morningstar Investment Services LLC raised its position in Sanofi SA by 34.3% in the first quarter. Morningstar Investment Services LLC now owns 602,115 shares of the company’s stock valued at $27,246,000 after buying an additional 153,919 shares during the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc raised its position in Sanofi SA by 1.2% in the first quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 118,742 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,373,000 after buying an additional 1,393 shares during the last quarter. Clean Yield Group raised its position in Sanofi SA by 10.5% in the first quarter. Clean Yield Group now owns 39,992 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,810,000 after buying an additional 3,790 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its position in Sanofi SA by 69.8% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 17,692 shares of the company’s stock valued at $801,000 after buying an additional 7,275 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Baltimore Capital Management Inc. bought a new position in Sanofi SA during the first quarter valued at $1,407,000. 9.63% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) traded up 1.80% on Friday, hitting $49.21. The company had a trading volume of 1,521,990 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $124.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.84 and a beta of 0.98. Sanofi SA has a one year low of $36.81 and a one year high of $49.73. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $46.04 and its 200 day moving average price is $42.28. Sanofi SA also was the recipient of unusually large options trading on Wednesday. Stock investors bought 31,664 call options on the stock. This is an increase of 1,030% compared to the typical volume of 2,801 call options. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.76 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.73 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $8.65 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.40 billion. Sanofi SA had a return on equity of 26.37% and a net margin of 13.66%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Sanofi SA will post $3.02 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a $1.5771 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This is an increase from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. This represents a dividend yield of 3.65%. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio is 54.90%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/haverford-trust-co-has-863000-stake-in-sanofi-sa-sny.html. Several equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Berenberg Bank lowered Sanofi SA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday. TheStreet raised Sanofi SA from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Sanofi SA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc lowered Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $64.33. About Sanofi SA Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SNY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY). Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lennar Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lennar Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gabelli Funds LLC Reduces Stake in Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Lennar Co. (LEN) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Decreases Position in Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD) Toll Brothers Inc (TOL) Stake Held by Gabelli Funds LLC Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Position Raised by Acrospire Investment Management LLC Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Stake Maintained by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. Expected to Post FY2019 Earnings of $0.94 Per Share (NBIX) Brokers Set Expectations for Autodesk, Inc.’s Q1 2019 Earnings (ADSK) FY2019 Earnings Estimate for Insulet Co. (PODD) Issued By Wedbush News Corp (NWS) Stake Boosted by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) PT Set at $1.65 by Bank of America Corp Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect China Automotive Systems (CAAS) Share Price TESSCO Technologies, Inc. to Post Q4 2018 Earnings of ($0.08) Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (TESS) Teton Advisors Inc. Has $1,360,000 Position in Cott Corp (COT) Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cambrex (CBM) Share Price Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Everbridge (EVBG) Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Stake Held by Teton Advisors Inc. Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) British Columbia Investment Management Corp Lowers Stake in Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Silvercrest Asset Management Group Inc (SAMG) Stake Maintained by Teton Advisors Inc. Lennar Co. (LEN) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Lennar Co. (NYSE:LEN) by 3.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 15,674 shares of the construction company’s stock after buying an additional 544 shares during the period. Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Lennar were worth $802,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in shares of Lennar during the third quarter valued at approximately $304,677,000. Ruffer LLP increased its position in shares of Lennar by 3,371.0% in the fourth quarter. Ruffer LLP now owns 1,662,608 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $71,722,000 after buying an additional 1,614,708 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Lennar during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $62,363,000. Allianz Asset Management AG increased its position in shares of Lennar by 1,530.0% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 953,827 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $40,948,000 after buying an additional 895,309 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Long Pond Capital LP increased its position in shares of Lennar by 31.4% in the third quarter. Long Pond Capital LP now owns 2,754,747 shares of the construction company’s stock valued at $116,636,000 after buying an additional 658,849 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 79.04% of the company’s stock. Shares of Lennar Co. (NYSE:LEN) traded down 1.18% during trading on Friday, reaching $50.39. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,009,440 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $51.03 and a 200-day moving average of $46.59. Lennar Co. has a 52-week low of $39.68 and a 52-week high of $53.79. The stock has a market cap of $11.81 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.58 and a beta of 1.27. Lennar (NYSE:LEN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 21st. The construction company reported $0.59 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.56 by $0.03. Lennar had a return on equity of 13.80% and a net margin of 8.33%. The firm had revenue of $2.34 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.18 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.63 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 17.2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that Lennar Co. will post $3.82 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 2nd will be paid a dividend of $0.04 per share. This represents a $0.16 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.32%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, April 28th. Lennar’s dividend payout ratio is 4.07%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Lennar Co. (LEN) Shares Bought by Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/lennar-co-len-shares-bought-by-meadow-creek-investment-management-llc.html. Several research analysts have recently commented on LEN shares. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $60.00 target price (up from $53.00) on shares of Lennar in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Lennar from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Lennar from $44.50 to $49.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on Lennar in a research note on Tuesday, February 14th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $52.00 price target for the company. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reduced their price target on Lennar from $52.00 to $49.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $53.80. Lennar Company Profile Lennar Corporation is a provider of real estate related financial services, commercial real estate, investment management and finance company. The Company is a homebuilder that operates in various states. Its segments include Homebuilding East, Homebuilding Central, Homebuilding West, Lennar Financial Services, Rialto and Lennar Multifamily. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LEN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Lennar Co. (NYSE:LEN). Receive News & Ratings for Lennar Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lennar Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
x Front Page News Topics Maui News Maui Business Maui Discussion Maui Arts & Entertainment Maui Food & Dining Maui Sports Maui Crime Statistics Maui Lifestyle Weather Obituaries Classified Ads Maui Now ‘Ohana Maui Surf Maui Now Video Maui Activities Maui Events Calendar Shopping Directory Maui Real Estate Maui Jobs Offers & Deals Maui Dining App Maui Activities App Weekly Specials Company About Maui Now Meet the Writers Contact Information Subscribe to Newsletter x HURRICANE TRACKER        x September 12, 2016 02:15pm Orlene Still Too Far Out to Forecast Impacts to Hawaiʻi Weather EXPAND RADAR Latest News Maui News Business Arts & Entertainment Food & Dining Discussion Real Estate Sports Crime Stats VIEW MORE MAUI NEWS Sections LATEST NEWS > Maui News > Business > Maui Discussion > Arts & Entertainment > Food & Dining > Local Sports > Maui Crime Statistics WEATHER OBITUARIES MAUI SURF MAUI ACTIVITIES SHOPPING DIRECTORY MAUI NOW 'OHANA VIDEOS JOB LISTINGS MAUI REAL ESTATE EVENTS CALENDAR ALOHA STOKED Maui Dining App Maui Activities App Weekly Specials Videos View All Videos FEATURED SECTIONS: Classifieds Obituaries Real Estate Aloha Stoked Maui Activities Report It Maui Now ‘Ohana   Maui News & Information Hub Maui Business View All AD ADVERTISEMENT EBT Cards to Experience Downtime Monday, May 15 By Maui Now Posted May 12, 2017, 11:39 AM HST 0 Comments Text Size: A A A Text Size: A A A × PC: ebtcardbalancenow.com Individuals and families using their Electronic Benefit Transfer or “EBT” cards may experience downtime from 1 a.m. to 6 a.m. on Monday, May 15, 2017. Consumers are asked to avoid making transactions during these morning hours; and may resume regular use of their cards after 6 a.m. on Monday. From May 12-15, 2017, the Hawai‘i Department of Human Services will be converting its Electronic Benefit Transfer system from the current vendor, JPMorgan Electronic Financial Services, to a new EBT vendor, Fidelity Information Services Government Solutions. ADVERTISEMENT EBT cardholders experiencing issues beyond 6 a.m. on May 15, 2017 may call the same helpline as usual at 1-888-328-4292. Limited helpline service will be available to EBT cardholders during the downtime period. > NEXT STORY Staidle Inspires Maui Businesses to Succeed with Vision and Action < PREVIOUS STORY Hirono Calls for Special Prosecutor to Investigate Russia Ties ADVERTISEMENT Recommend this Article You Might Also Like Governor’s Office Goes Paperless Medical Marijuana Dispensary Update: Talking Law with David Sereno Hawai‘i Part of Multi-State MoneyGram Settlement Weekly Newsletter + SHOW ARTICLE COMMENTS ( 0 ) + TAGS: ebtebt cartebt vendorelectronic benefit transferfidelity information servicesHawaii Businesshawaii department of human servicesHawaii NewsjpmorganMaui BusinessMaui NewsMaui Now AD AD AD AD AD AD Things to Do in Maui Top Affordable Maui Restaurants & Dining What To Do in South Maui Best Maui Beaches, from Hana to Honolua Bay Soar Above Maui with These 5 Unforgettable Activities Have a News Tip? Report it Here Quick Links Front Page Maui News Maui Business Maui Arts & Entertainment Maui Food & Dining Maui Sports Maui Now ‘Ohana Maui Discussion Crime Statistics Maui Activities Maui Jobs Maui Sports Maui Surf Real Estate Weather Events Calendar Company Info About Maui Now Sign Up for Text Alerts Contact Information Advertise With Us Subscribe to Our Newsletter Copyright © 2017 Maui Now. All Rights Reserved ^
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Position Decreased by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Position Held by American Assets Investment Management LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $799,000 Stake in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Decreases Stake in WestRock Co (WRK) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Cut by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hourglass Capital LLC Has $6.101 Million Position in United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Stake Held by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Stake Reduced by Forward Management LLC Forward Management LLC Has $3,230,000 Position in Equity Residential (EQR) $0.57 EPS Expected for BankUnited (BKU) This Quarter First Analysis Comments on Bottomline Technologies’ Q3 2018 Earnings (EPAY) Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Kona Grill Inc Lowered by Wedbush (KONA) Mistras Group Inc (MG) Earns Market Perform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Richard J. Salute Buys 800 Shares of NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NEWT) Stock Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Buy Rating for Amaya Inc (AYA) AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (AXELF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Noble (NE) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for NxStage Medical (NXTM) Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Stake Reduced by Forward Management LLC May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Forward Management LLC reduced its position in Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) by 6.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 29,919 shares of the asset manager’s stock after selling 1,938 shares during the period. Forward Management LLC’s holdings in Invesco were worth $917,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in IVZ. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in Invesco by 2.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 370,487 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $11,571,000 after buying an additional 7,130 shares in the last quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Invesco by 3.4% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 64,363 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $2,013,000 after buying an additional 2,113 shares in the last quarter. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in Invesco by 7.2% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 44,684 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $1,397,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares in the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in Invesco by 0.9% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 41,758 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $1,306,000 after buying an additional 373 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Synovus Financial Corp boosted its position in Invesco by 8.6% in the third quarter. Synovus Financial Corp now owns 11,506 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $360,000 after buying an additional 909 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.85% of the company’s stock. Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) traded down 0.09% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $32.12. The company had a trading volume of 1,837,429 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $31.30 and its 200-day moving average is $31.16. Invesco Ltd. has a one year low of $23.02 and a one year high of $33.47. The company has a market cap of $13.07 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.61 and a beta of 1.82. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.61 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.56 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $1.19 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.22 billion. Invesco had a return on equity of 11.79% and a net margin of 18.04%. Invesco’s quarterly revenue was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.49 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Invesco Ltd. will post $2.50 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $0.29 dividend. This is a positive change from Invesco’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $1.16 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.61%. Invesco’s payout ratio is currently 54.63%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/invesco-ltd-ivz-stake-reduced-by-forward-management-llc.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on IVZ shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Citigroup Inc upped their price target on Invesco to $33.00 in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC decreased their price target on Invesco from $36.00 to $33.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research cut Invesco from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price target on shares of Invesco in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $35.20. In related news, insider Philip Taylor sold 60,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.40, for a total value of $1,944,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 146,222 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,737,592.80. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. 1.90% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IVZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ). Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hartford Financial Services Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News L3 Technologies Inc (LLL) Position Decreased by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Position Held by American Assets Investment Management LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $799,000 Stake in Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Decreases Stake in WestRock Co (WRK) Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Cut by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Hourglass Capital LLC Has $6.101 Million Position in United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Stake Held by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Shares Bought by LS Investment Advisors LLC Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) Stake Reduced by Forward Management LLC Forward Management LLC Has $3,230,000 Position in Equity Residential (EQR) $0.57 EPS Expected for BankUnited (BKU) This Quarter First Analysis Comments on Bottomline Technologies’ Q3 2018 Earnings (EPAY) Q2 2018 EPS Estimates for Kona Grill Inc Lowered by Wedbush (KONA) Mistras Group Inc (MG) Earns Market Perform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Richard J. Salute Buys 800 Shares of NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NEWT) Stock Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Buy Rating for Amaya Inc (AYA) AXEL SPRINGER SE NPV(REGD) (AXELF) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Noble (NE) Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for NxStage Medical (NXTM) Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Stake Held by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet MUFG Americas Holdings Corp continued to hold its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,300 shares of the insurance provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp’s holdings in Hartford Financial Services Group were worth $111,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 2.1% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 60,368 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $2,585,000 after buying an additional 1,216 shares during the period. DnB Asset Management AS increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 2.4% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 34,773 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $1,489,000 after buying an additional 800 shares during the period. World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 0.4% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 40,274 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $1,725,000 after buying an additional 142 shares during the period. Marathon Asset Management LLP increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 22.7% in the third quarter. Marathon Asset Management LLP now owns 680,534 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $29,274,000 after buying an additional 125,974 shares during the period. Finally, Seven Bridges Advisors LLC increased its stake in shares of Hartford Financial Services Group by 14.3% in the third quarter. Seven Bridges Advisors LLC now owns 46,782 shares of the insurance provider’s stock worth $2,003,000 after buying an additional 5,836 shares during the period. 89.59% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG) traded down 0.93% during trading on Friday, reaching $49.08. 2,037,915 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $18.03 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.96 and a beta of 1.22. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $48.12 and a 200 day moving average price of $47.77. Hartford Financial Services Group Inc has a 52 week low of $38.92 and a 52 week high of $50.26. Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The insurance provider reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.02 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $4.66 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.90 billion. Hartford Financial Services Group had a return on equity of 7.40% and a net margin of 4.90%. Hartford Financial Services Group’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.78 earnings per share. Equities research analysts forecast that Hartford Financial Services Group Inc will post $4.17 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Stake Held by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/hartford-financial-services-group-inc-hig-stake-held-by-mufg-americas-holdings-corp.html. HIG has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. FBR & Co reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG reissued a “hold” rating and set a $53.00 price target on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a report on Sunday, February 5th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their price target on shares of Hartford Financial Services Group from $51.00 to $49.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, April 3rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $50.36. In other Hartford Financial Services Group news, Director Teresa Wynn Roseborough acquired 1,005 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $49.72 per share, for a total transaction of $49,968.60. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 5,755 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $286,138.60. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. 1.23% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hartford Financial Services Group Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HIG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (NYSE:HIG). Receive News & Ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hartford Financial Services Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro UK Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro UKPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up USA UNITED KINGDOM Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Articles Newswires Videos Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All featured N.America Featured UK Featured Australia Featured Events × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Home Energy Mining Tech Pharma & Biotech Home Proactive Broker Wrap Ardelyx takes a licking after unconvincing IBS trial results Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 16:00 12 May 2017 Top-line results from the first trial were middling Wedbush has responded to the near 40% price crash of Ardelyx Inc (NASDAQ:ARDX) by slashing its price target to US$14 from US$24. That still leaves plenty of upside, as Ardelyx’s shares currently trade at US$7.45 after top-line results from its T3MPO-1 trial evaluating its tenapanor treatment for irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) failed to wow. The broker thinks the drug will still get approved, but it appears not to be as efficacious as Linzess or as well-tolerated as Trulance - two rival, established treatments. This was only the first constipation-focused IBS trial, and Wedbush said it would await the read-out from the second trial before making a more definitive projection of tenapanor’s potential, but it’s off-the-cuff reaction was to reduce penetration of the IBS constipation market from 18% to 15%, with a more gradual uptake - assuming it makes it to market. Eight Capital has slashed its price target for software company Redknee Solutions Inc (TSE:RKN) from C$1.30 to C$0.75, while its neutral stance comes with a caveat: avoid the stock until there is final visibility on the company’s financing plans. The shares shed 11% today at 75 cents after what the broker termed “lackluster results”. “On the company's conference call, the interim CEO was positive that the company can be turned around, but it will take some time. She also stated that the company will be slow on restructuring until the board selects the financing package it deems best suitable before it initiates its ambitious plan,” the broker noted. Rodman & Renshaw has reiterated its ‘buy’ recommendation for VolitionRx (NYSEMKT:VNRX) after the cancer diagnostics group’s in-line first quarter results yesterday. READ VolitionRX off to strong start in 2017 “At the end of March 2017, the company had $18.5M in cash, which should fund operations into 2018. We estimate the company’s quarterly operating cash burn to be $2.5-3.0M in 2017,” the broker said. The broker observed that the company recently started a study of its Nu.Q triage test in Taiwan, involving 383 subjects. The trial could be completed in a matter of months and the company aim to submit the test for regulatory approval in Singapore and Taiwan. “Potential approval in Singapore would allow the test to be marketed in nine other countries in the Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN),” Rodman & Renshaw noted. Online travel resource Tripadvisor Inc (NASDAQ:TRIP) has got a recommendation from Hilliard Lyons. The broker has got off the fence and moved to a “long term buy” rating. Conversely, it has got on the fence in respect of computer games publisher Electronic Arts Inc (NASDAQ:EA), which had a good run earlier this week following first quarter results. The broker downgraded the stock to ‘neutral’ from ‘long term buy’. Sticking with the geeky PC scene, computer graphics chip designer Nvidia Corp (NASDAQ:NVDA) was feeling loved up, as analysts drooled over the company’s Tesla Volta server processor architecture. It seems all you have to do these days to get the market excited is stick the name Tesla in there somewhere. RBC Capital Markets hiked its price target to US$150 from US$138 yesterday afternoon, saying it was now much more confidence about the computer chip company’s ability to achieve growth in the data-center space. Canaccord Genuity had also been doing some number crunching following Nvidia’s recent sparkling results, and it responded by raising its price target to US$155 from US$125. The shares currently trade at around US$127 and are fully valued at this price, according to JP Morgan’s Harlan Sur. Vehicle parts maker Visteon Corp (NYSE:VC) was fast away from the grid on Friday as Morgan Stanley upgraded it to ‘overweight’ from ‘equal weight’. The broker’s price target was raised to US$115 from US$103, indicating about US$10 upside. The upgrade came after impressive first quarter results from Visteon. Morgan Stanley caught up with events on Visteon’s sector peer Delphi Automotive PLC (NYSE:DLPH), raising its target price to US$80 from US$60; that’s still more than US$6 below the current trading level. Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) has received another target price hike - this time from Goldman Sachs, which expects the tech giant will unveil its first US$1,000 iPhone in September. The iPhone maker became the first company to see its market capitalization surpass US$800bn on Monday after Drexel Hamilton raised its target price to US$202 a share from US$185, giving the company an estimated US$1trn valuation. Now Goldman Sachs has joined in on the Apple love, lifting its target price to US$170 from US$164bn and reiterating a ‘buy’ rating on the stock. The bank said Apple's pricier iPhones to be released later this year, including a 128 gigabyte model for at US$999 and a 256 gigabyte model for US$1,099, could boost average selling prices and gross margins. Goldman believes this would "drive meaningful upside" to the stock and raised its 2018 and 2019 earnings estimates to reflect its positive outlook.   Proactive Investors Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Register here to be notified of future NVDA Company articles RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Proactive Broker Wrap http://www.proactiveinvestors.co.uk/broker Broker Spotlight brings some of the more intriguing and topical analyst coverage to center-stage. The daily column aims to illuminate thoughts and opinions behind the big stories. The influential and closely followed views of analysts regularly move markets and split opinion. The Broker Spotlight column arms Proactive readers with the added insight from the often colourful thoughts and headline-grabbing valuations from the analyst community. International: UK AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: Copyright © Proactiveinvestors.com, 2017. All Rights Reserved - Proactive Investors North America Inc., Proactive Investors LLC Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Trex Company Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trex Company Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: LiCo Energy Metals Inc (LIC) Insider Sells 250,000 Shares of Stock NutriSystem Inc. (NTRI) Insider Sells $1,489,500.00 in Stock Ann M. Livermore Buys 9,000 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Stock James E. Cline Sells 15,000 Shares of Trex Company Inc (TREX) Stock Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for Aptose Biosciences Inc (APTO) Chegg Inc (CHGG) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Highwoods Properties Inc (HIW) Upgraded to Buy by ValuEngine Pandora Media’s (P) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at FBR & Co South State Co. (SSB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens Renewable Energy Group (REGI) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.48 Celsion (CLSN) Getting Very Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings (CCO) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.52 Wellington Shields Capital Management LLC Has $486,000 Stake in Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Home Depot Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (HD) First Analysis Comments on Cotiviti Holdings Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (COTV) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Reduces Position in Snap-on Incorporated (SNA) Suntrust Banks Inc. Sells 78,652 Shares of Equifax Inc. (EFX) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Acquires 42,736 Shares of Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Centurylink Inc (CTL) Shares Sold by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Brokerages Expect Civista Bancshares Inc (CIVB) Will Announce Earnings of $0.33 Per Share James E. Cline Sells 15,000 Shares of Trex Company Inc (TREX) Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Trex Company Inc (NYSE:TREX) insider James E. Cline sold 15,000 shares of Trex Company stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.00, for a total value of $975,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 53,381 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,469,765. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Shares of Trex Company Inc (NYSE:TREX) traded down 0.55% on Friday, reaching $64.56. The company had a trading volume of 209,452 shares. Trex Company Inc has a 52 week low of $39.74 and a 52 week high of $78.15. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.90 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.37 and a beta of 2.33. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $69.42 and its 200 day moving average is $67.17. Trex Company (NYSE:TREX) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The construction company reported $0.95 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.88 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $144.80 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $144.26 million. Trex Company had a net margin of 13.02% and a return on equity of 65.45%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 9.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.79 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Trex Company Inc will post $2.85 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “James E. Cline Sells 15,000 Shares of Trex Company Inc (TREX) Stock” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/james-e-cline-sells-15000-shares-of-trex-company-inc-trex-stock.html. Several research firms have recently commented on TREX. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Trex Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday. Griffin Securities restated a “buy” rating on shares of Trex Company in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. FBR & Co boosted their price target on Trex Company from $61.00 to $69.00 and gave the company a “mkt perform” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price target on Trex Company from $60.00 to $70.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Wedbush boosted their price target on Trex Company from $55.00 to $58.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $67.50. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Trex Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $19,743,000. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Trex Company by 6.5% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,251,958 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $225,653,000 after buying an additional 197,846 shares during the period. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA bought a new position in shares of Trex Company during the first quarter worth approximately $10,134,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Trex Company by 24.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 548,749 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $38,078,000 after buying an additional 108,158 shares during the period. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of Trex Company by 160.5% in the first quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 148,480 shares of the construction company’s stock worth $10,304,000 after buying an additional 91,480 shares during the period. 92.21% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Trex Company Trex Company, Inc is a manufacturer of wood-alternative decking and railing products. The Company’s products are marketed under the brand name Trex and are manufactured in the United States. It offers a set of outdoor living products in the decking, railing, porch, fencing, trim, steel deck framing and outdoor lighting categories. Receive News & Ratings for Trex Company Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trex Company Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NetEase Inc (NTES) Downgraded by Instinet to Neutral Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Princeton Alpha Management LP Takes Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) HPM Partners LLC Invests $2.346 Million in O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Pearson PLC (PSO) Downgraded by Kepler Capital Markets to “Hold” Bravo Brio Restaurant Group, Inc. (BBRG) Receives Hold Rating from Jefferies Group LLC TechTarget Inc (TTGT) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Global Medical REIT Inc (GMRE) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.24 EPS Ceragon Networks (CRNT) Receives Daily News Sentiment Rating of -0.02 Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Kratos Defense & Security Solutions (KTOS) Share Price The New Ireland Fund (IRL) Getting Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Shows Tremor Video (TRMR) Receives News Impact Rating of -0.01 FTD Companies (FTD) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows $467.99 Million in Sales Expected for Sprague Resources LP (SRLP) This Quarter Raging River Exploration Inc Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.14 Per Share (RRX) Macerich Co (MAC) Given Neutral Rating at Citigroup Inc AppFolio Inc (APPF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Strong-Buy” Clean Energy Fuels Corp (CLNE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold eHealth, Inc. (EHTH) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Screen Holdings Co (DINRF) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Princeton Alpha Management LP Takes Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Princeton Alpha Management LP bought a new position in shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 2,393 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $494,000. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Motco increased its position in Roper Technologies by 387.0% in the first quarter. Motco now owns 487 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $101,000 after buying an additional 387 shares during the last quarter. TLP Group LLC acquired a new position in Roper Technologies during the third quarter worth about $127,000. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. increased its position in Roper Technologies by 16.7% in the fourth quarter. NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. now owns 699 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $128,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Creative Planning increased its position in Roper Technologies by 7.7% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 716 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $148,000 after buying an additional 51 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in Roper Technologies by 4.1% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 732 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $147,000 after buying an additional 29 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 97.47% of the company’s stock. Shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) traded down 0.7085% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $221.2115. 212,127 shares of the company were exchanged. Roper Technologies Inc has a 12-month low of $159.28 and a 12-month high of $225.57. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $211.36 and a 200 day moving average of $195.73. The company has a market capitalization of $22.57 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.1428 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last issued its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.99 by $0.12. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The company had revenue of $1.09 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.09 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.81 earnings per share. Roper Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Roper Technologies Inc will post $9.21 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 21st. Stockholders of record on Friday, April 7th were given a dividend of $0.35 per share. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.63%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 5th. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is 21.77%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Princeton Alpha Management LP Takes Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/princeton-alpha-management-lp-takes-position-in-roper-technologies-inc-rop.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on ROP. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Barclays PLC upped their target price on shares of Roper Technologies from $221.00 to $237.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, May 1st. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating and set a $248.00 target price (up from $245.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a research report on Monday, May 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and upped their target price for the company from $177.00 to $219.00 in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Argus upgraded shares of Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $235.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $226.56. In other news, Director Christopher Wright sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $207.18, for a total transaction of $207,180.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 66,404 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $13,757,580.72. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 2.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Roper Technologies Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP). Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Slate Sign In Sign Up When a Surprise Medical Bill Hits, It’s Women Who Absorb Most of the Shock When a Surprise Medical Bill Hits, It’s Women Who Absorb Most of the Shock Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate Better Life Lab The Future of Work, Gender, and Social Policy May 12 2017 1:58 PM When a Surprise Medical Bill Hits, It’s Women Who Absorb Most of the Shock By Alieza Durana   Photo illustration by Lisa Larson-Walker. Photo by Thinkstock. Welcome to Better Life Lab, a pop-up blog about the future of work, gender, and social policy running from Mother’s Day to Father’s Day. Click here to read more. One of the strangest aspects of President Trump’s first 100 days was the rise and resurgence of the American Health Care Act, the bill replacing the Affordable Care Act that passed the House of Representatives on May 4. Inherent in the debate on how the bill’s changes would disproportionately affect women’s health care are concerns about its potential impact on women’s pay and financial health. New data from the JPMorgan Chase Institute underscores those concerns: Tracking spending data for 210,000 Chase customers between 2013 and 2015, the institute examined what happens to their customers in the face of large medical expenses; e.g., that trip to the emergency room when little Carla breaks her arm on the playground. Advertisement Although most primary account holders are men, Chase’s female primary account holders—the women who make the decision to open a bank account or credit card—were in a weaker financial position than men prior to and following extraordinary medical payments. Data from Chase customers confirmed that since average incomes and wealth are 20 percent lower for women than for men, women are disproportionately impacted by financial shocks and don’t recover as quickly as men do. The data also link financial and physical health in a new way: Chase customers timed medical payments around when they had access to large influxes of cash, usually during tax season, suggesting people either wait until they have cash to go to the doctor or sit on a bill until tax season. In other words, the stress of paying for Carla’s playground injury has a domino effect, making it harder for families to pay for other needs and causing a drag on their overall health and security. Survey research from Pew Charitable Trusts similarly found that “financial shocks continue to be a frequent and burdensome challenge for households of all types.” If people lose access to health insurance, if essential benefits change, or if premiums go up, as projected by the original Congressional Budget Office scoring of the American Health Care Act, their financial and physical health will suffer. (A new CBO score for the revised AHCA bill is forthcoming later this month.) In 2016, the Federal Reserve found that 46 percent of individuals would have to borrow money to cover an emergency expense over $400. That’s a lot less than the $7,150 that individuals or $14,300 that families may pay as the federally allowed out-of-pocket maximum under the Affordable Care Act. Women are the ones who will feel those changes most acutely. For Jade Shipman, director of policy and innovation at online savings tool Earn, this is no surprise. Earn’s clients—80 percent of whom are low-income women—report “a sense of tenuous stability. Things may be going okay right now, but there’s a tangible fear that they’re just one emergency away from being in financial trouble.” Saving for a medical emergency is one of the top goals of Earn’s clients, since the impact of a medical emergency is layered: The cost of medical care itself is compounded by whether the person is permitted to take time off from work and can afford to do so. It’d be nice if we could stop there and offer a swift warning to policymakers that any health care policy needs to take these differentiated impacts into account. But digging deeper into the data itself raises big questions. JPMorgan Chase draws these conclusions about gender gaps for us since the data is proprietary and since they can't legally ask their customers their gender or marital status. Part of the reason for that is until recently, women were historically denied access to property ownership and credit, except as tied to a male spouse. Eventually, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act (1974) and Dodd–Frank Act (2010) legally barred financial institutions such as JPMorgan Chase from asking clients about sex or marital status (among other things) outside of mortgage lending. Today, financial institutions use algorithms to estimate the gender (as well as race) of their clients. Using data from the census, financial institutions calculate the likelihood that names are attached to a gender. If we take this data to be accurate, however, it is also a public acknowledgement by JPMorgan Chase that gender matters. According to Fiona Greig, co-author of “The Gender Gap in Financial Outcomes” and director of consumer research at the JPMorgan Chase Institute, “As we think about the financial health of families and the economy more broadly, it’s critical to understand how the gender gap in wages translates into gender gaps in other financial outcomes and resilience to economic shocks.” The Affordable Care Act went a long way to help shore up families against financial shocks by limiting medical costs, though not far enough. As of press time, the Senate working group considering revisions to the American Health Care Act has no women in its ranks. That seems like a decently depressing metaphor for what the raw deal women often get when it comes to their health and well-being. Alieza Durana is a senior policy analyst at New America, where she focuses on barriers to equity in housing, education, and family policy.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2017 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Welltower Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Welltower Inc (HCN) Shares Bought by Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Fly Leasing Ltd (FLY) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results FTB Advisors Inc. Acquires 2,525 Shares of Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Position Increased by Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. Information Services Group, Inc. (III) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research AmBase Co. (ABCP) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $449,000 Position in Camden Property Trust (CPT) Flinton Capital Management LLC Has $481,000 Stake in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. CENTRIC HEALTH Corp (CHH) Lowered to Sector Perform Market Weight at National Bank Financial FTB Advisors Inc. Raises Stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Kellogg Company (K) Position Increased by FTB Advisors Inc. Steris PLC (STE) Shares Sold by Flinton Capital Management LLC Snap Inc (SNAP) Upgraded by Cantor Fitzgerald to Neutral Golub Capital BDC’s (GBDC) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at National Securities Jefferies Group Weighs in on Jacobs Engineering Group Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (JEC) Inogen Inc (INGN) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.10 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts Theravance Biopharma Inc (TBPH) Price Target Raised to $45.00 at Needham & Company LLC Mazor Robotics Ltd – (MZOR) Given “Hold” Rating at Needham & Company LLC Ur-Energy Inc. (URE) Earns “Buy” Rating from Roth Capital Welltower Inc (HCN) Shares Bought by Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc. increased its position in shares of Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) by 6.7% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 16,287 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 1,019 shares during the period. Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc.’s holdings in Welltower were worth $1,153,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc. increased its position in shares of Welltower by 11.4% in the third quarter. Transamerica Financial Advisors Inc. now owns 7,515 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $562,000 after buying an additional 770 shares in the last quarter. ProVise Management Group LLC increased its position in shares of Welltower by 2.7% in the third quarter. ProVise Management Group LLC now owns 51,123 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $3,822,000 after buying an additional 1,335 shares in the last quarter. Rikoon Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Welltower during the third quarter valued at about $1,099,000. Sigma Planning Corp increased its position in shares of Welltower by 21.1% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 13,777 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $1,030,000 after buying an additional 2,398 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sei Investments Co. increased its position in shares of Welltower by 6.5% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 713,295 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $53,332,000 after buying an additional 43,420 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 84.96% of the company’s stock. Shares of Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN) traded up 0.24% on Friday, reaching $71.67. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,046,903 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $71.42 and a 200 day moving average of $67.45. Welltower Inc has a 1-year low of $59.39 and a 1-year high of $80.19. The stock has a market capitalization of $26.24 billion, a PE ratio of 22.08 and a beta of 0.19. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) last released its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The real estate investment trust reported $1.05 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.05. Welltower had a net margin of 20.74% and a return on equity of 6.37%. The company had revenue of $1.06 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.05 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.42 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Welltower Inc will post $1.87 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 22nd. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, May 9th will be given a $0.87 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 5th. This represents a $3.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.87%. Welltower’s payout ratio is 153.98%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Welltower Inc (HCN) Shares Bought by Bbva Compass Bancshares Inc.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/welltower-inc-hcn-shares-bought-by-bbva-compass-bancshares-inc.html. Several research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Evercore ISI downgraded Welltower from an “in-line” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Welltower from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $65.00 price objective on shares of Welltower in a research report on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lifted their price objective on Welltower from $71.00 to $72.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and set a $72.00 price objective on shares of Welltower in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $72.71. In other Welltower news, insider Paul D. Nungester, Jr. sold 6,452 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.26, for a total value of $453,317.52. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 33,795 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,374,436.70. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Fred S. Klipsch sold 2,606 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $67.14, for a total transaction of $174,966.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.29% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Welltower Welltower Inc invests with seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure. The Company invests in seniors housing and healthcare real estate. It operates in three segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Welltower, a real estate investment trust (REIT), owns interests in properties concentrated in markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities, and outpatient medical properties. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HCN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Welltower Inc (NYSE:HCN). Receive News & Ratings for Welltower Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Listen Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Annual Meeting Podcasts Download them from wherever you get your podcasts GE drops the most in the Dow after Wall Street says the dividend is at risk Tae Kim CNBC May 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Sebastien Bozon | AFP | Getty Images. Deutsche Bank lowers its rating on General Electric to sell from hold, predicting the industrial firm will be forced to reduce its dividend.More Deutsche Bank lowered its rating on General Electric (NYSE: GE) to sell from hold, saying the industrial blue chip will be forced to reduce its dividend and lower its earnings guidance in the coming years. "GE's weak cash flow has become worse in recent quarters … The company appears to be operating relatively 'close to the line' in terms of sufficient cash generation to continue to fund such a robust dividend and share repurchase program," analyst John Inch wrote in a note to clients Friday. "Eventually, GE could proportionately run out of things to sell while the capital dividend should largely be gone after 2018." General Electric's current dividend is 24 cents per quarter. The company's dividend yield is 3.3 percent, according to FactSet. The shares dropped more than 2 percent Friday for the worst decline in the Dow Jones industrial average. The analyst lowered his price target for General Electric to $24 from $28, representing 17 percent downside from Thursday's close. Only one other firm has a sell rating on GE, JPMorgan. The rest of Wall Street either says buy or hold. Inch cited the company's $31 billion underfunded pension and "inexplicably low" tax rate as additional concerns. Although he doesn't expect a management change in the short term, the analyst predicted any new CEO will likely lower earnings per share guidance closer to $1.00 than $2.00. The current Wall Street consensus for General Electric 2018 estimated EPS is $1.89. "In the event of a future leadership succession announcement, we caution the next CEO could opt to significantly reset earnings targets lower: possibly closer to actual cash generation. In turn, we expect the market could be negatively surprised by this prospective reset," he wrote. General Electric is significantly under-performing the market. The firm's shares are down 9 percent this year through Thursday compared to the S&P 500's 7 percent return. "We believe GE to be overvalued given weak earnings quality and the wide gap between non-cash and cash earnings," the analyst added. — CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this story. More From CNBC How half a billion investment in minority firms paid off: Knight Foundation CEO US rises to the top of the list of major markets with big political risk Apple's next iPhone will break the $1,000 barrier, Goldman says Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Trump Won't Like What General Electric Is Now Doing to Workers, But Investors Should Be Thrilled The Street In blow to Trump, GE backs NAFTA and voices support for Mexico Reuters Boeing resumes 737 MAX test flights after brief grounding Reuters GE Shares Trade at 52-Week Low After Deutsche Bank Sees Looming Dividend Cut The Street Wall St falls, department stores take a drubbing Reuters 'Accidental hero' finds kill switch to stop spread of ransomware cyber-attack The Guardian 'Beneath the dignity of the office': CNN responds to Trump rant calling anchors a 'lunatic,' the 'dumbest person in broadcasting' Business Insider Fox News' Chris Wallace slams Trump for playing 'very dangerous game' with the press Business Insider With a threat of 'tapes,' Trump tells ousted FBI chief not to talk to media Reuters Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance U.S. laptop ban could cost economy $500,000,000 a year Yahoo Finance Macy's just confirmed the end of department stores as we know them Business Insider United offered a free flight to Wendy's 'nugget boy,' and it completely backfired Business Insider Something Weird Happening at J.C. Penney Shows Just How Bad It Is for Retailers Right Now The Street What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video Russian Military to Launch Drills That Could Defeat NATO Forces in Less Than Two Days Mike: there is no such thing as winning when world powers go to war. So what if they can take down NATO for two days...... then a day after that Russia and the US trade nukes. no winning Join the Conversation 1 / 5 91
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading US-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search US-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners Advertisement Business US-China trade deal serves up potential corporate winners An ATM machine with types of credit cards accepted is seen inside the Bank of China Tower in Hong Kong, China November 12, 2015. REUTERS/Bobby Yip 13 May 2017 01:15AM (Updated: 13 May 2017 01:22AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: Beef companies, credit card firms and liquefied natural gas exporters emerged as potential corporate winners on Friday in the wake of trade agreements reached between the United States and China. Initial reaction on the U.S. stock market was relatively subdued after the announcement late on Thursday, part of Washington's drive to cut its trade deficit with Beijing. In one of the actions laid out under the agreement, by July 16, China agreed to issue guidelines that would allow U.S.-owned card payment services "to begin the licensing process." Visa shares rose 0.4 percent while MasterCard edged up 0.1 percent as prospects for global payment network operators at last entering the Chinese market remained uncertain. American Express Co shares were down 0.6 percent. Foreign-owned firms will also be able to provide credit rating services in China, under the agreement, which are the first results of 100 days of trade talks that began last month. Advertisement Advertisement Shares of credit rating agency Moody's Corp were off 1 percent, while S&P Global Inc dropped 0.6 percent. The United States also signaled that it was eager to export more liquefied natural gas, saying China could negotiate any type of contract with U.S. suppliers. Shares of liquefied natural gas (LNG) company Cheniere Energy were up 4.7 percent. Cheniere said on Friday it has had extensive negotiations with Chinese state-owned companies about increasing U.S. shipments of LNG to China. Shares of Sempra Energy , a diversified energy company that is building an LNG export terminal, ticked up 0.4 percent. "The agreement connects the U.S., the fastest growing LNG supplier, with China, the largest LNG growth market," said Massimo Di-Odoardo, Head of Global Gas and LNG research at consultancy Wood Mackenzie. The agreement also calls for China to issue bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. It is unclear which institutions they are, though JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley both recently secured other regulatory approvals in China. JPMorgan in February said it would be allowed to underwrite corporate bonds there, while Morgan Stanley was granted permission to boost its stake in a Chinese securities venture to 49 percent. Spokespeople for the two lenders did not immediately respond to requests for comment. JP Morgan shares were off 0.5 percent while Morgan Stanley shares were down 1 percent. NOT GOOD NEWS FOR ALL In the agreement announced by the U.S. Commerce Department, both sides also identified other issues that will require more effort to resolve and achieve progress on within the 100-day period. For example, notable for its absence was anything related to the U.S. steel industry, which has been promoted by President Donald Trump. Shares of U.S. Steel , which have taken a dramatic fall after soaring the wake of Trump's election, dropped 1.9 percent on Friday, while shares of Nucor were off 0.3 percent. The trade deals contained mixed news for U.S. food producers. China will allow U.S. imports of beef no later than July 16, while the United States will issue a proposed rule to allow Chinese cooked poultry to enter U.S. markets. Shares of Tyson Foods Inc , which sells both beef and chicken, rose 0.8 percent, while Pilgrims Pride Corp , the No. 2 U.S. chicken producer, fell 1.3 percent. For the full U.S. Commerce Department press release about the initial results of the talks, see: https://www.commerce.gov/news/press-releases/2017/05/joint-release-initial-results-100-day-action-plan-us-china-comprehensive (Additional reporting by Olivia Oran, Lauren LaCapra and Scott DiSavino in New York and Tom Polansek in Chicago; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Search Saturday, May 13, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Regulator warns: Banking is more concentrated, less competitive than at any time in recent history by Joseph Lawler | May 12, 2017, 12:53 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn The financial system remains "highly vulnerable" to crises, said Thomas Hoenig, vice chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) A high-ranking bank regulator warned Friday that the banking industry has grown more concentrated and is now less competitive "than at any time in recent history." Even after the new rules instituted after the 2008 crisis, the financial system remains "highly vulnerable" to crises, said Thomas Hoenig, vice chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Speaking at an event at Chapman University in Orange County, California, Hoenig laid out the case that Wall Street has remains dominated by big banks that remain "too-big-to-fail," meaning that investors believe they would get bailed out if they failed. The four largest banks control 42 percent of industry assets, he noted in remarks prepared for the event. That means the industry is three times as concentrated as in 1992, when those banks held 14 percent of total industry assets. Some of that concentration reflects that some megabanks bought failing financial institutions during the crisis, sometimes at the urging of the government. For instance, JPMorgan Chase bought failed investment bank Bear Stearns in 2008 with the help of the government. Hoenig warned, though, that other factors are increasing the rise of big banks. Because investors and creditors see big banks as too-big-to-fail, Hoenig argued, they lend to banks at lower prices than they might charge if they thought they would be on the hook for losses. That provides a "subsidy" to megabanks that could keep out competitors and harm innovation in banking, Hoenig said. Hoenig has been promoting a plan for partitioning megabanks to price those "subsidies" correctly. He says he has had interest from congressional Republicans and Democrats. Obama-era regulators at the Federal Reserve and Treasury generally stopped short of saying that the new post-crisis rules eliminated the problem of too-big-to-fail banks. But they have argued that the system is much safer today and that the government has better tools to prevent crises. FDIC Bank of America Economy Joseph Lawler Finance and Banking News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 6 hours ago Hillary Clinton slated for 'epic' interview at tech conference 7 hours ago Democrats rally base to block GOP healthcare bill after week of distractions 9 hours ago House discharge petition on independent Russia probe could put pressure on Republicans 9 hours ago Trump tapes would be subject to government record-keeping laws 9 hours ago Trump denies asking Comey for his loyalty, but says it's an appropriate question 9 hours ago 10 things you need to know about acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe 10 hours ago Pentagon, Navy aren't touching Trump's call to replace 'no good' launchers on aircraft carriers with 'goddamned steam' catapults 12 hours ago Senate Judiciary seeks briefings from FBI, Justice Department on Russia 13 hours ago McMaster: Trump will 'broadcast a message of unity' on his first trip abroad 13 hours ago In Syria, ISIS fighters trade dam for their lives 14 hours ago Majority back assisted suicide, new high at 57% 14 hours ago Trump strikes deal to export more natural gas to China 17 hours ago EPA seeks decision on Alaska's Pebble Mine 17 hours ago J.K. Rowling rips Trump for threatening to cancel press briefings with 'Alice in Wonderland' quote 18 hours ago Trump threatens to cancel press briefings after spokeswoman Sarah Sanders gives inaccurate information 19 hours ago New TV ad shows Marines looking for a few good women About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Omega Healthcare Investors Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Omega Healthcare Investors Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $225.52 Million $4.41 Billion in Sales Expected for Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) This Quarter Semtech Co. (SMTC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Steven D. Heinemann Sells 29,270 Shares of Network-1 Technologies Inc (NTIP) Stock John Ernest Sicard Sells 1,600 Shares of Kinaxis Inc (KXS) Stock Insider Selling: Gencor Industries, Inc. (DE) (GENC) Major Shareholder Sells $140,457.10 in Stock Philip E. Coviello, Jr. Buys 7,500 Shares of Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Stock First Capital (FCAP) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.16 Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.30 Ellsworth Growth and Income Fund (ECF) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.15 Diversified Real Asset Income Fund of Beneficial Interest (DRA) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Hillenbrand, Inc. (HI) Position Decreased by LSV Asset Management Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Has $5.638 Million Stake in Kroger Co (KR) OFG Bancorp (OFG) Position Increased by LSV Asset Management Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Position Reduced by LSV Asset Management Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. (AHT) Shares Sold by LSV Asset Management LSV Asset Management Has $15.578 Million Position in Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Otter Tail Co. (OTTR) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) First American Financial Corp (FAF) Stake Raised by LSV Asset Management Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $225.52 Million May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages forecast that Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (NYSE:OHI) will announce sales of $225.52 million for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for Omega Healthcare Investors’ earnings. The highest sales estimate is $233.6 million and the lowest is $210.16 million. Omega Healthcare Investors reported sales of $228.82 million during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 1.4%. The business is expected to issue its next quarterly earnings report on Tuesday, August 1st. On average, analysts expect that Omega Healthcare Investors will report full year sales of $225.52 million for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $844.66 million to $949 million. For the next year, analysts expect that the company will report sales of $953.89 million per share, with estimates ranging from $853.9 million to $1.01 billion. Zacks’ sales calculations are a mean average based on a survey of sell-side analysts that follow Omega Healthcare Investors. Omega Healthcare Investors (NYSE:OHI) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.02. Omega Healthcare Investors had a return on equity of 8.86% and a net margin of 40.67%. The business had revenue of $231.74 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $197.55 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.83 EPS. Omega Healthcare Investors’s revenue for the quarter was up 8.9% on a year-over-year basis. OHI has been the topic of several recent research reports. TheStreet upgraded Omega Healthcare Investors from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Omega Healthcare Investors from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $36.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Omega Healthcare Investors from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $33.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Jefferies Group LLC lowered Omega Healthcare Investors from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $32.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Vetr lowered Omega Healthcare Investors from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $34.01 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, February 27th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $34.67. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/omega-healthcare-investors-inc-ohi-expected-to-announce-quarterly-sales-of-225-52-million.html. Omega Healthcare Investors (NYSE:OHI) traded up 1.31% during trading on Friday, hitting $33.26. The stock had a trading volume of 1,215,280 shares. Omega Healthcare Investors has a one year low of $28.11 and a one year high of $38.09. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $33.30 and a 200 day moving average of $31.67. The firm has a market capitalization of $6.55 billion, a P/E ratio of 15.59 and a beta of 0.51. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be given a $0.63 dividend. This is an increase from Omega Healthcare Investors’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.62. This represents a $2.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 7.68%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. Omega Healthcare Investors’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 131.22%. In other Omega Healthcare Investors news, insider Steven J. Insoft sold 87,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.00, for a total value of $2,975,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 324,076 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $11,018,584. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Steven J. Insoft sold 12,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.93, for a total value of $386,625.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 411,576 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $12,730,045.68. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 4.54% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Brookfield Asset Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Omega Healthcare Investors during the third quarter valued at $98,293,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Omega Healthcare Investors by 111.3% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,749,118 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $90,694,000 after buying an additional 1,448,079 shares during the period. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Omega Healthcare Investors during the fourth quarter valued at $42,945,000. Heitman Real Estate Securities LLC bought a new position in shares of Omega Healthcare Investors during the fourth quarter valued at $25,259,000. Finally, PGGM Investments boosted its position in shares of Omega Healthcare Investors by 51.5% in the first quarter. PGGM Investments now owns 2,354,000 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $77,658,000 after buying an additional 800,000 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.78% of the company’s stock. About Omega Healthcare Investors Omega Healthcare Investors, Inc is a self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company maintains a portfolio of long-term healthcare facilities and mortgages on healthcare facilities located in the United States and the United Kingdom. It operates through the segment, which consists of investments in healthcare-related real estate properties. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Omega Healthcare Investors (OHI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Omega Healthcare Investors Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Omega Healthcare Investors Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × World Economy Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook Here's who wins with the new US-China trade deals The trade deals struck between the U.S. and China could benefit many important companies and industries. Many said they are disappointed that the 100-day plan missed larger issues such as overcapacity, forced technology transfer and equal treatment of U.S. companies. Eunice Yoon | @eyoonCNBC 14 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters China trade deal is a “big deal:” Mike Holland    19 Hours Ago | 02:04 As businesses in the United States, China and beyond sorted through the details of the new U.S.-China trade agreements, many said they are disappointed that the 100-day plan missed larger issues such as overcapacity, forced technology transfer and equal treatment of U.S. companies. "Meaningful, yes. All progress on market access is well-received by the business community. However, many of these issues have been part of ongoing bilateral discussions for years and many more barriers need to be resolved," said James Zimmerman, a Beijing-based lawyer and former chairman of the American Chamber of Commerce in the Chinese capital. "This is a very selected list. We have to see if the Chinese live up to their promises. [The American Chamber of Commerce] and we had all hoped for a broad opening of the market, not a piecemeal opening due to political pressure," Joerg Wuttke, president of the European Chamber of Commerce in China, told CNBC. However, the deal could still benefit many important companies and industries: 1) Beef and poultry producers The U.S. has been lobbying for China to open up its market to American beef for years — it was banned in China in 2003 after a mad cow disease scare. The perception among some businessmen in the country has been that the Chinese have been sitting on the beef issue until the U.S. agreed to buy cooked poultry products made in China. Under the new plan, U.S. beef is to be imported to China "no later than July 16." Chinese poultry exports are to be realized "as soon as possible." The U.S. beef industry is an obvious winner. "Beef is a great symbolic move by the Chinese government," said Jake Parker, vice president of the U.S.-China Business Council, which has been advocating for a lifting of the ban. American companies with production in China, such as Cargill, could also benefit as the new plan theoretically allows them to export China-made chicken back to the U.S. 2) Agro-biotech companies U.S. companies that make biotech seeds have been trying to get their genetically modified seeds approved by China's Ministry of Agriculture. Under the new plan, China is requested to make decisions on outstanding safety certificates that would eventually allow the sale of those GMO seeds in China — potentially along with other U.S. biotech products. Companies eyeing China's market include Monsanto, DuPont and Dow Chemical. show chapters Wilbur Ross on Trump trade agenda    20 Hours Ago | 12:36 3) Credit card providers Credit card companies such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express have long been frustrated with the lack of access to the Chinese market. President Barack Obama's administration brought the case against Beijing to the World Trade Organization and won in 2012. Even so, uncertain regulations have prevented these companies from applying for licenses to issue yuan credit cards. Under the new plan, China has agreed to give "full market access" to electronic payment services providers and is expected to issue implementation guidelines by mid-July. In the meantime, Chinese card issuers such as the local banks will have the option to issue dual-branded cards — which would help boost the market share in China of these American credit card companies. "We welcome today's announcement, of course, and we look forward to having full and prompt market access in China," said a representative for MasterCard in China. 4) Credit ratings agencies and two financial institutions Credit ratings agencies like Fitch, Standard & Poor's and Moody's have a presence in China through joint ventures, but the new deal would allow wholly foreign-owned financial services firms to provide credit ratings services in China. That's a move that could help those agencies expand their business and help improve risk assessment in China's corporate debt market. (China had already proposed to fully open its credit rating market to foreign participants in late 2016, but the new plan adds a July 16 deadline.) In addition, under the new deal, China will issue both bond underwriting and settlement licenses to two qualified U.S. financial institutions by July 16. JPMorgan Chase recently became the first U.S. bank to obtain a bond underwriting license in China outside of a joint venture. Citibank received a bond settlement license around the same time. Carlos Barria | Reuters President Donald Trump (L) and China's President Xi Jinping walk along the front patio of the Mar-a-Lago estate after a bilateral meeting in Palm Beach, Florida, April 7, 2017. The 10-point trade plan addresses other industries such as energy, but China watchers say it doesn't go far enough to tackle President Donald Trump's goal of job creation. "China just got a steady supply of liquefied natural gas, which will also reduce the deficit but not really add up to many, if any, U.S. jobs," said James McGregor, China chairman of APCO Worldwide. "I guess that helps with the administration's focus on the deficit, but it would be good to see some action on Made in China 2025 and the other very aggressive industrial policies." The Trump administration may have scored some political points with Beijing by referencing the importance of the Belt and Road Initiative — an economic plan unveiled by President Xi Jinping and to be discussed in a two-day meeting in Beijing starting Sunday. "President Trump is a clever man and he is now looking for global investors, including Chinese investors," Xu Hongcai, an economist at the China Center for International Economic Exchanges, told CNBC. "This will help in U.S. economy in infrastructure, ports, bridges, railways and roads — areas where the U.S. is weak and China has advantages. China can expand its investments in these areas." — CNBC's Daisy Li contributed to this report. Watch: You may soon be buying imported Chinese chicken show chapters You may soon be buying imported Chinese chicken at the grocery store    11 Hours Ago | 01:21 Eunice YoonBeijing Bureau Chief, CNBC To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Travis Perkins plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Travis Perkins plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Christopher Cabrera Sells 14,366 Shares of Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Insider Selling: Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Director Sells $167,216.25 in Stock Corp Bcpi Sells 82,600 Shares of Finjan Holdings, Inc. (FNJN) Stock Tony Buffin Purchases 109 Shares of Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Stock Zvi Glasman Sells 6,000 Shares of Fox Factory Holding Corp (FOXF) Stock Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Share Price Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Shares Bought by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. State Bank Financial Corp (STBZ) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Syntal Capital Partners LLC Purchases 1,761 Shares of NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $721,000 Position in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Cavium (CAVM) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Raises Position in Macy's Inc (M) Eqis Capital Management Inc. Has $363,000 Stake in ResMed Inc. (RMD) Helen of Troy Limited (HELE) Earning Somewhat Critical News Coverage, Report Finds Harmonic (HLIT) Earns Coverage Optimism Rating of -0.03 TransCanada Co. (TRP) Shares Sold by Eqis Capital Management Inc. Tyers Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in EPR Properties (EPR) ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) Given a €25.00 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc Roka Bioscience Inc (ROKA) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.34 EPS Yield10 Bioscience Inc (YTEN) Releases Earnings Results Tony Buffin Purchases 109 Shares of Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Travis Perkins plc (LON:TPK) insider Tony Buffin acquired 109 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 1,654 ($21.39) per share, for a total transaction of £1,802.86 ($2,331.69). Tony Buffin also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, March 31st, Tony Buffin sold 13,500 shares of Travis Perkins plc stock. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,514 ($19.58), for a total transaction of £204,390 ($264,342.99). On Tuesday, March 7th, Tony Buffin sold 5,007 shares of Travis Perkins plc stock. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,488 ($19.24), for a total transaction of £74,504.16 ($96,358.20). On Thursday, March 2nd, Tony Buffin acquired 10,000 shares of Travis Perkins plc stock. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 1,445 ($18.69) per share, for a total transaction of £144,500 ($186,885.67). Shares of Travis Perkins plc (LON:TPK) traded down 0.80% during midday trading on Friday, hitting GBX 1604.00. 597,363 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,567.83 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 1,476.99. Travis Perkins plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,090.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,978.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 4.01 billion. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 13th will be given a dividend of GBX 29.75 ($0.38) per share. This is an increase from Travis Perkins plc’s previous dividend of $15.25. This represents a yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 13th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/tony-buffin-purchases-109-shares-of-travis-perkins-plc-tpk-stock.html. TPK has been the topic of several research reports. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Liberum Capital reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 1,650 ($21.34) price objective on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Peel Hunt reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 1,580 ($20.43) price objective on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 1,625 ($21.02) price objective on shares of Travis Perkins plc in a report on Friday, March 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,603 ($20.73). About Travis Perkins plc Travis Perkins plc is a United Kingdom-based product supplier to the building, construction and home improvement markets. The Company operates through segments, which include General Merchanting, Plumbing & Heating, Contracts and Consumer. The General Merchanting segment consists of the Travis Perkins and Benchmarx brands and supplies products for various types of repair, maintenance and improvement projects (RMI), as well as new residential and commercial construction. Receive News & Ratings for Travis Perkins plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Travis Perkins plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
KQED Menu KQED News KQED News Home Topics Arts and Culture Economy Education Health Immigration Environment Housing Law and Justice Politics and Government Science Sports Technology Transportation Programs & Blogs News Fix The California Report Forum Future of You KQED Newsroom MindShift Bay Curious Perspectives Q'ed Up State of Health The Lowdown Truth Be Told Video Special Coverage Boomtown Drawn to the Bay Election 2016 El Niño Immigrant Shift SF Homeless Project KQED News KQED News Home Topics Arts and Culture Economy Education Health Immigration Environment Housing Law and Justice Politics and Government Science Sports Technology Transportation Programs Programs & Blogs News Fix The California Report Forum Future of You KQED Newsroom MindShift Bay Curious Perspectives Q'ed Up State of Health The Lowdown Truth Be Told Video Special Coverage Boomtown Drawn to the Bay Election 2016 El Niño Immigrant Shift SF Homeless Project NPR PBS Donate Search Go Close Popular KQED Home Listen Live Watch Episodes Podcasts Radio Schedules TV Schedules Mobile/Apps Donate Sections Radio TV News Arts Food Science Education Support KQED About KQED KQED Public Media for Northern California KQED News Search Skip to content Skip to content Search for: The California Report Entrepreneur in a Low-Income Area? Good Luck Getting a Bank Loan Raul Maya has owned Fashion Palace, a menswear shop, for 17 years. He says small-business owners in Oakland's Fruitvale neighborhood have struggled to find affordable credit. (Farida Jhabvala Romero/KQED) By Farida Jhabvala Romero May 10, 2017 Share Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) When Raul Maya first came to the U.S. from southern Mexico, he worked as a dishwasher at a restaurant making less than $5 an hour. Then he moved up to working as a busboy and cashier. It took him years to save enough money to open up a menswear shop, Fashion Palace, in Oakland’s predominantly Latino Fruitvale district. http://www.kqed.org/.stream/anon/radio/RDnews/2017/05/LowIncEntrepreneursRomero20170509.mp3 Most of Maya’s customers live nearby. On a recent afternoon, they streamed into the store from shifts at restaurants and construction sites; some still wore paint stains on their clothes. They came looking for suits and Maya’s own designs of long-sleeved cotton shirts to wear at weddings and events. “Everyone going to parties around here, I help them get dressed up,” said Maya in Spanish, and chuckled. “Sometimes they’ll end up buying more clothes because they see they look great!” But there’s been a nagging issue for him and other small-business owners he knows in the neighborhood: access to credit through banks, which generally offer the lowest interest rates in the market. Businesses in lower-income census tracts in Alameda County, including the area where Maya is located, received significantly fewer bank loans and credit cards than the wealthiest business districts in 2015, according to a KQED analysis of the most recent federal public data. Economists say this points to an unmet need for bank credit among entrepreneurs in predominantly minority and underserved communities. That in turn, pushes small-business owners to get more expensive loans that can eat up their profits and limit their ability to succeed. Large banks and other lenders counter that many entrepreneurs — particularly in the communities hardest hit by the Great Recession — struggle to meet the criteria that qualify them for responsible financing. Farida Jhabvala Romero and Lisa Pickoff-White/KQED Rates Higher For Business Owners with Low Credit Three years ago, Maya ran into a serious cash-flow problem and tried applying for a credit card from his bank, but was rejected. “They said my credit score wasn’t high enough. I never got a loan or credit card, not even for $50, from a bank,” said Maya, who turned instead to a more costly loan for $5,000 from a non-bank lender nearby. He did not want to name the lender, as he is still paying them an additional $3,000 in interest. “You know that they are charging you too much in interest, but because of your economic situation you have to take it,” said Maya. “Although later you are in hell and it’s a long road to finish paying.” Maya’s loan adds up to about a 35 percent annual percentage rate (APR). But he could have paid much more. Hundreds of thousands of borrowers are facing triple-digit interest rates in California, according to the state’s Department of Business Oversight. Lending companies need to charge more to provide much needed access to credit for customers who would not receive it at banks, said Thomas Leonard,  executive director of the California Financial Service Providers Association, which represents dozens of non-bank lenders. “Rates are going to be higher for customers that have a lesser amount of credit. And what you find is that the interest rates become really a product of risk,”  said Leonard, a former banker. ‘Unequal Access’ To Credit Latinos are starting businesses at a faster rate than other groups in the country.  But their ventures have higher failure rates or grow at a slower pace partly because they have less capital, said Robert Fairlie, an economist at UC Santa Cruz. “They’re less likely to get bank loans. They’re less likely to be able to tap into family and friends’ wealth or neighborhood wealth. So all those things kind of work against them,” said Fairlie, who has researched minority-owned enterprises for two decades. That unequal access to credit, said Fairlie, contributes to the massive wealth gap in this country because small businesses generate jobs and wealth for their communities. The median wealth of white households in this country in 2011 was $110,000, compared with less than $8,000 for Latinos and African-Americans, according to the U.S. Census. Median wealth — also known as net worth — is the difference between one’s assets, such as income, savings and a home — and liabilities, or debts. Spokespeople for Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase, the largest banks in the U.S., said that increasing lending to small businesses in diverse communities is a priority. “We want to make every responsible loan we possibly can to help creditworthy small businesses that are seeking credit,” wrote Ruben Pulido, a spokesman for Wells Fargo in San Francisco. He added that credit-readiness, including the ability of small-business owners to show they are able to repay, is a top limiting factor in making more loans. Both banks are donating and lending millions of dollars to nonprofits in the Oakland area. Those nonprofits work with  diverse and lower-income small-business owners to help them get access to credit. This means training them on how to qualify for loans, and relending money from the big banks to these entrepreneurs. The banks are obligated to help meet the credit needs of the communities where they operate under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA), a federal law that was passed almost 40 years ago. The law has increased the flow of credit to lower-income areas, according to various studies. Still, the business district where Raul Maya’s store is located received only 45 loans and credit card lines of $100,000 or less in 2015, far fewer than wealthier districts in the city with a comparable number of businesses, according to data reported by large financial institutions under the CRA. A recent study of the Los Angeles, San Diego and Chicago areas by the Woodstock Institute found disparities in bank lending by income and race. KQED focused on loans of $100,000 and under because, according to experts, they are most likely to support small local businesses. The federal agency that supervises and grades big national banks on their CRA performance, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, has stated that it is aware more work is needed to address “important remaining issues” on the law’s implementation. The OCC has been reviewing its examination procedures in an effort to make them more rigorous. Farida Jhabvala Romero and Lisa Pickoff-White/KQED Crowdfunding As An Inexpensive Alternative After getting his high-interest loan through the non-bank lender, Maya found out he could get an inexpensive loan through the crowdfunding website Kiva. The nonprofit offers entrepreneurs in the U.S. and abroad a platform to fundraise for loans with zero interest rates. “Business ownership is a great way to build wealth. (But) the wealth gap persists. So what we’re trying to do is just break that paradigm,” said Jonny Price, head of Kiva’s U.S. operations. With the blessing of the city of Oakland, the organization has ramped up crowdfunding for local small-business owners. Kiva is also trying a new tactic in the Fruitvale by meeting face to face with entrepreneurs who have technical or language barriers. Jonny Price and Alejandra Pena confer at Kiva’s headquarters in San Francisco on March 29, 2017. The nonprofit is trying a new approach with entrepreneurs in Oakland’s Fruitvale, which includes technical and language assistance. (Farida Jhabvala Romero/KQED) One Tuesday morning, a dozen women entrepreneurs, some with children in tow, huddled around a table at Maya’s store and lent $100 to each other through Kiva. Then they become eligible to start fundraising up to $2,000 from the organization’s worldwide pool of lenders. Bety Ugalde, a single mom of three, sells shoes imported from Mexico. She said her business is taking off.  Before opening it, she used to work two jobs as a cook, sleeping only three hours some nights, but was still unable to afford her rent. “Now I feel happier because I have this business and a half-time job and I can make ends meet,” said Ugalde in Spanish. She added she plans to use her loan to stock more merchandise. Overseeing all this activity at his store is Maya.  He bustles about,  bringing coffee and sweet bread to the women entrepreneurs at the weekly meetings. “What’s nice is that you can lend that money again to a new person who’s starting,” said Maya. “I tell them, we have to be united. We’ve got to support new people coming in.” The group that meets at Maya’s shop has now grown to about 70 people. Entrepreneur in a Low-Income Area? Good Luck Getting a Bank Loan 11 May,2017Farida Jhabvala Romero Explore: Economy, banks, credit, crowdfunding, Latino, loan, microloan, Oakland, small business Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Show Comments (1) Hide Comments Beth Grant DeRoos Wells Fargo paid disgraced CEO John Stumpf walked away with $133.1 MILLION after it was shown the bank had broken the law and had set up sham accounts. Yet the bank wont lend to ethical, hard working minority entrepreneurs who have a proven to have successful small businesses? And some people wonder what some of us detest Wall Street bankers. Host Author Farida Jhabvala Romero Farida Jhabvala Romero is a recent graduate of Stanford's graduate program in journalism. Her story on car impounds in Menlo Park was a finalist for the 2015 Investigative Reporters & Editors awards. She previously worked at Radio Bilingüe, the National Latino Public Radio Network. You can reach her by email at fjhabvala@kqed.org or follow her on twitter @faridajhabvala. View all posts by this host View all posts by this author Sponsored by Become a KQED sponsor Post navigation Prev After Valero Refinery Outage, Three Probes ... and Rising Gas Prices Next Amid Housing Crisis, Why 2 Out of 5 Young Californians Still Live at Home About The California Report The California Report provides daily coverage of news and culture throughout the state. Contributors Contact Tune In About KQED About Jobs Internships Donate to KQED Website help Support for The California Report is Provided By Eric and Wendy Schmidt The California Endowment California HealthCare Foundation Rowbotham The Westly Foundation The James Irvine Foundation Barracuda Networks Blach Construction Digital Foundry Wharton San Francisco Copyright © 2017 KQED Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy| Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 109% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Is Bank of America Really the "Stingiest" Big Bank? Yes. But that's less of a critique than it is a compliment. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 12, 2017 at 10:47AM In an article this week, The Wall Street Journal called Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) the "stingiest of the big U.S. banks." It was referring to the fact that the North Carolina-based bank pays depositors less than other big banks. The paper's claim is well founded. As veteran bank analyst Dick Bove pointed out in a research note on Tuesday, in the first quarter, Bank of America's annualized yield on total deposits was less than the other three megabanks: JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), and Citigroup (NYSE:C). Bank Annualized Yield on Total Deposits (Q1 2017) Bank of America  0.09% JPMorgan Chase 0.14% Wells Fargo 0.17% Citigroup 0.47% Data source: Company quarterly financial supplements. "Banks are in a so-called sweet spot right now relative to the size and cost of their deposits," wrote Bove. "While the annualized cost of these funds for the four biggest banks in the country is 20 basis points, the overnight bank borrowing rate is 91 basis points." Bove's point is that eventually, as the Federal Reserve continues to raise the fed funds rate, the primary short-term interest rate benchmark in the United States, banks will have to respond by paying more on deposits, lest corporate depositors take their money and earn a better return elsewhere. "If [banks] continue to keep money at zero and slightly higher rates, they are likely to be severely criticized," Bove continued. "These banks are going to lose deposits. They are going to be forced by market conditions to raise rates. If they choose not to do this, they will lose hundreds of billions in deposits." Image source: Getty Images. For the time being, however, Bank of America's especially low deposit costs are a huge advantage for the bank. Its quarterly interest bill would go up by $163 million if it faced the same annualized yield as JPMorgan Chase, by $237 million at Wells Fargo's yield, and by $1.2 billion at Citigroup's yield. Another big advantage, and this is one reason Bank of America's annualized yield on deposits is so low, is because a larger share of Bank of America's deposits are held by customers in noninterest-bearing transactional accounts relative to other big banks. A full 35% of Bank of America's deposits are noninterest bearing, compared to between 22% and 29% at JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo. Bank Noninterest-Bearing Deposits as a Percent of Total Deposits Bank of America 35% JPMorgan Chase 29% Wells Fargo 28% Citigroup 22% Data source: Company quarterly financial supplements. To the Journal's point, then, while Bank of America may in fact be the "stingiest of the big U.S. banks," that's more of a compliment than a critique. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 12, 2017 at 10:47AM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $61.07 up $0.37 (0.61%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $24.00 down $0.07 (-0.29%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.92 down $0.24 (-0.28%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $53.02 down $0.72 (-1.34%) Read More This Chart Perfectly Captures Bank of America’s Progress Since 2008 Deferred Tax Assets: What Are They and Why Do They Matter for Banks? This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report Bank of America Wants to Buy Back a Lot of Stock Bank of America Stock: These 2 Charts Are Good News for Shareholders Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Is Bank of America Really the "Stingiest" Big Bank? @themotleyfool #stocks $C, $BAC, $JPM, $WFC
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 13, 2:52 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe NationalPolitical Capital Trump Tax Plan Could Make It Easier To Hide Money In Offshore Accounts By Lydia O'Neal @LydsONeal On 05/12/17 AT 11:05 AM Close In early 2009, the Swiss bank UBS agreed to pay a $780 million fine for helping tens of thousands of Americans use secretive offshore accounts. But the fight against the use of foreign tax havens — like the ones populating the Panama Papers, released about a year ago — didn’t end there. A year later, then-President Barack Obama signed a new law, which passed by a 70-28 Senate vote,  that tightened Internal Revenue Service requirements for Americans who hold their assets overseas. It’s known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), or, as its opponents sometimes call it, the “Fat Cat” Tax Act. If those opponents have their way, its repeal might make it into the new administration’s tax reform bill by this summer. FATCA is not a new tax but an additional reporting mandate for people with overseas assets; it closed loopholes left open by previous offshore account reporting rules and applies to the relatively well-off. For Americans living abroad, single filers with more than $200,000 in financial assets in foreign banks and married joint filers with at least $400,000 in foreign accounts must file an additional form with the IRS. Among those living in the U.S., the foreign account threshold is lower, at $50,000 for single filers and $100,000 for joint filers. Under agreements with foreign governments, banks in those countries must report those assets to the IRS as well, or face a 30 percent withholding penalty. The IRS began implementing the law only in 2014, so its benefits have been tough to measure. The agency released a report in October touting $10 billion won back in tax revenues since 2009, but bundled the gains from FATCA with other, slightly older measures encouraging tens of thousands of foreign account holders to report their offshore assets voluntarily. A 2010 Joint Committee on Taxation report estimated FATCA would rake in more than $8.7 billion per year between 2010 and 2020, but that projection could easily have been rendered inaccurate by the series of delays in the law’s implementation. Estimates of annual U.S. government tax losses to offshore havens range from $35 billion to as much as $70 billion, though it’s unclear how much of that is captured by FATCA. But as with the debates over gun control, National Security Agency surveillance and airport security, the dispute over this regulation often comes down to whether it’s better to be safe than sorry, and whether monitoring or implementing restrictions on some activity will only make things worse for law-abiding citizens — without changing anything for actual criminals. More specifically in this case, are the costs of compliance with FATCA really worth what is, as of now, an ambiguous amount of recovered taxes on previously-sheltered accounts? And does it effectively target those secretive account holders in the first place? Researchers from the University of California, Berkeley, the University of Copenhagen, the University of Michigan and the IRS are working to at least answer the first question. Their estimates, which one of the study authors, Berkeley post-doctoral scholar Daniel Reck, said are “very preliminary,” peg the benefits of the law at more than $1 billion annually. In their analysis of pre-FATCA data on voluntary foreign account disclosures, they’ve also noticed some interesting characteristics among the accountholders: The “quiet disclosures” prior to FATCA, Reck said, are from “mostly U.S.-based” account holders with “high-value accounts” containing upwards of $1 million, and the accounts were largely concentrated in regions known to be tax shelters, like Switzerland and the Cayman Islands. Reck, who will have to deal with the FATCA filing requirement when he joins the faculty of the London School of Economics as an assistant professor in the fall, and his colleagues are rushing to finalize their numbers by this summer, when the law could be rolled back. Republicans in the House and Senate have put forward repeal bills. A slew of op-eds, including from the Wall Street Journal’s editorial board, have bashed the law. A credit union trade group, insurance companies, an accountant trade group, a securities industry trade group and several banks have collectively spent millions in the past couple of years on lobbying efforts related at least in part to the law. A media and lobbying campaign, spearheaded by the financial advisory company deVere Group and the lobbying firm Global Strategic Communications Group (GSCG), is seeking to grab the attention of the Trump administration and Congressional leaders. Jim Jatras, the managing director of GSCG, said he “can’t get into details” about his campaign’s specific work to win the administration’s support, but was “hopeful” that a repeal would make it into Trump’s expected tax plan, which Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said would likely pass before the August recess. “We know Reince Priebus is in support of a FATCA repeal,” Jatras said, referring to Trump's chief of staff. He added that his campaign was “hoping for a response” to a letter from two lawmakers urging Mnuchin and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney to essentially nullify the law. The campaign has sent its own repeal letter to Congressional leaders as well, in conjunction with a litany of libertarian think tanks and advocacy groups that signed on. The two congressmen, Rep. Mark Meadows (R-NC) and Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), introduced twin repeal bills in their houses of Congress April 6, and the former lawmaker held a hearing on the “unintended consequences” of FATCA on April 26. Americans living outside the U.S., opponents of the law say, are the predominant sufferers of those consequences. Representative Mark Meadows (R-NC), Chairman of the Freedom Caucus, walked to a vote on Capitol Hill in Washington, D.C., April 26, 2017. Photo: Reuters Senator Rand Paul (R-KY) departed from the Capitol Building for a briefing on North Korea at the White House, in Washington, D.C., April 26, 2017. Photo: Reuters “It’s kind of like an argument for Prohibition. You could say alcohol causes these problems, but should you get rid of alcohol altogether?” Jatras said. “You shouldn’t be blanket-collecting information on people who haven’t done anything… Here’s a crazy idea: Get a warrant, get a cause and do what you do with any other criminal investigation.” Like that of many major policy overhauls, FATCA’s implementation was a bit clunky. An IRS Taxpayer Advocate Service report documented FATCA-related expenditures of $100 million on what it described as mostly dysfunctional data management programs. One FATCA enforcement error, for example, resulted in 102,000 frozen refund claims from non-resident aliens with bank accounts in their home countries. The law, according to the report, “fell especially hard on international students, who, as a category, generally seek small-dollar refunds and represent a particularly low-risk taxpayer group,” the report said. Indeed, U.S. citizens living abroad often run into issues related to compliance: They fear penalties in the event that they don’t follow the rules and have been turned away by foreign banks that don’t want to deal with the extra paperwork or have yet to fully comply, FATCA opponents say. Those opponents often point to a rise in the number of U.S. citizenship renunciations over the past several years, to 5,411 in 2016 from 3,415 in 2014, as evidence that compliance has become too burdensome. (The number has been going up since before the law’s implementation, however, and even at its 2016 high, represents 0.06 percent of the 9 million Americans living outside the U.S.) Charles Bruce, who serves as legal counsel to American Citizens Abroad and specializes in tax compliance, said he’d worked with people who’d contacted him through the advocacy group after considering renouncing their U.S. citizenship to avoid the possibility of unknowingly breaking IRS or Treasury rules. One woman living in Scotland, for example, feared she would’ve had to pay an exhorbitant fee to see a specialist who could make sure she properly complied. “That didn’t help her sleep well at night, having to worry, was she doing the right thing,” Bruce said. “I do remember her saying to me that she would like to keep her U.S. citizenship if she could. She liked America, and it made her a little sad.” Still, he said, those fears are often a bit overblown, those renunciations stem from a lack of understanding of the system and it's easy to find a reasonably-priced tax return preparer, especially since "they are 'covered' by either or both foreign tax credits or the foreign earned income exclusion." American Citizens Abroad, along with Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-NY), who testified at Meadows’ hearing, have advocated for U.S. citizens living in foreign countries to be taxed by their countries of residence, a policy known as the same country exemption. (Currently, those citizens pay U.S. taxes on their foreign salaries, but with a foreign income deduction. Other countries, including many of the European Union member states, allow citizens to be taxed as nationals of the countries in which they reside, after they've lived there for an extended period.) Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney (D-NY), second from the right, spoke along with members of the New York Congressional delegation at a news conference about the firing of former FBI Director James Comey in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 10, 2017. Photo: Reuters The foreign banks, Bruce said, were more open to Americans than they had been at the start of the law’s implementation, but probably wouldn’t condone the sort of behavior the law seeks to halt either way. Many of them and their representative trade groups — including the British bank Barclays PLC, Goldman Sachs Group., the Institute of International Bankers, Credit Suisse Securities, JPMorgan Chase and BlackRock Capital Management — collectively spent millions in lobbying related to FATCA in the period leading up to its enactment, but those names were largely absent from federal lobbying forms that listed FATCA as a lobbying issue in the past couple of years. The Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, a trade group that spent millions in lobbying related to the law from 2009 to 2016, said in a statement that while its members “continue to have concerns” about the costs of compliance, it “continues to support strongly the objectives Congress was trying to achieve when it enacted FATCA.” Bruce, the tax specialist working with American Citizens Abroad, said he didn't believe banks like HSBC were lobbying to have FATCA outright repealed, but changed. “I believe banks want their business plan to be dealing with compliant customers,” he said. “You can’t help people cheat on their home country taxes. That’s not a good business to be in. It’s exactly the kind of ugly business that can ruin your reputation.” Not everyone agrees with Bruce’s assessment of the banks’ motivations, and those of their customers. “This was created when tens of thousands of bank accounts were created with the intention of hiding billions,” said Richard Phillips, a senior policy analyst at the non-profit Institute of Taxation and Economic Policy, a nonpartisan research organization. “The number-one beneficiary of repealing FATCA would be people evading taxes.” Phillips dismissed anecdotes of Americans renouncing their citizenship status because of compliance costs, although he said the IRS form required by the law, the 8938, could be “harmonized” with an overlapping Treasury Department filing requirement to combat offshore bank secrecy. “The real issue is not FATCA for those people — if you get rid of FATCA tomorrow, all those people abroad would still owe taxes,” he said. “FATCA is almost entirely about bank reporting. What the [foreign] banks are reporting is not a lot different from what people are already reporting — it just gives the government third-party verification.” The same country exemption policy could easily be exploited, Phillips said. Americans could claim to reside in a nation with miniscule income taxes while not actually living there for much of the year, creating more potential for tax evasion or compliance issues. Echoing Phillips’ worries about tax evaders taking advantage of a FATCA repeal, Clark Gascoigne, the deputy director of the Financial Accountability and Corporate Transparency (FACT) Coalition, pointed to the relatively larger wealth thresholds for people who have to comply with the law. “$50,000 — that’s a pretty substantial chunk of change you have to have before you have to report on it,” he said. “This is not about privacy. It’s about tax evasion.” After all, Gascoigne noted, more than 100 other countries have agreed to require their banks to report Americans’ assets to the IRS and have taken other broader initiatives to boost transparency. “The rest of the world said, ‘This makes sense — if the U.S. is doing it, maybe we should do it too,’” he said. But on the international front, many people on all sides agree: The U.S. government is hypocritical about the use of offshore tax shelters. One major takeaway from the Panama Papers was how frequently the U.S. appeared as a tax haven itself. People protested against Iceland's Prime Minister Sigmundur David Gunnlaugsson in Reykjavik, Iceland, April 5, 2016. Gunnlaugsson became the first major casualty of the Panama Papers revelations, stepping down on Tuesday after leaked files showed his wife owned an offshore firm with big claims on the country's collapsed banks. Photo: Reuters Dozens of countries have signed onto an international initiative similar to FATCA, known as the Common Reporting Standard (CRS) and developed by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development — but the U.S. has refused to sign on. CRS has a lower asset value threshold than FATCA and went into effect this year. The intergovernmental agreements that make FATCA effective were supposed to establish a certain degree of reciprocity — namely, a requirement that American banks disclose information on their foreign customers’ accounts as foreign banks do for the IRS. But because of client privacy and confidentiality laws, American financial institutions aren’t providing the same information on foreigners’ assets to the very countries the U.S. is asking to have their banks do the same, making the U.S. a hub for tax shelters, as the Panama Papers demonstrated. Following Switzerland and Hong Kong, the U.S. is comes in third on the research and advocacy group Tax Justice Network’s Financial Secrecy Index. That might explain why American banks, which often have international branches or subsidiaries but might enjoy a boost in the global competition for clients in the U.S., are mixed in their stances on the law. “That’s certainly an advantage for U.S. banks,” said Reck, the Berkeley researcher. He and his colleagues are rushing to complete their study while FATCA’s fate still hangs in the balance. But even without the finalized study's numbers, he noted, the law was based on common-sense principles. “There are wealthy people who have complex assets and of course people who are trying to hide money abroad,” Reck said. Since FATCA's implementation, he added, “we’ve seen a little evidence of people closing their foreign accounts and bringing that back over. Once you can’t avoid the tax, it’s plausible that you wouldn’t have your money in a foreign tax haven.”National More Political Capital Trump Appointee Could Open Federal Land To Oil And Gas Companies By Josh Keefe If confirmed, David Bernhardt will transition from lobbying on behalf of fossil fuel companies to overseeing their drilling rights. Did A Halliburton Donation Bankroll Pro-Fracking Policy? By David Sirota and Josh Keefe A Colorado ethics watchdog eyed the oil and gas industry’s power: “It’s not common to see a contribution that’s so closely timed to legislative action like that,” he said. Join the Discussion Most Read Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business The Price Of Oil In The US Plunges As Production Soars Rig counts haven't recovered, but output has. Technology Germany Legalizes Self-Driving Car Tests: Report The German parliament approved legislation allowing the automotive industry to develop and test self-driven cars. World Narwhal Unicorn Tusks Are Whale Weapons For the first time, we have footage of narwhals using their unicorn-looking tusks, and the arctic whales are using them as weapons. National 3 Killed In Ohio Nursing Home Shooting The shooter, identified as Thomas Hartless, was found dead by deputies in Kirkersville. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cutera Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cutera Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proto Labs Inc (PRLB) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Hagedorn Partnership, L.P. Sells 4,259 Shares of Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Stock Benefitfocus Inc (BNFT) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set $72.00 Price Target for BioSpecifics Technologies Corp. (BSTC) Insider Selling: Western Digital Corp (WDC) Insider Sells $447,996.06 in Stock Ronald J. Santilli Sells 20,856 Shares of Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) Stock Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Stock Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Tangoe (TNGO) Share Price Templeton Dragon Fund (TDF) Getting Somewhat Critical Press Coverage, Report Finds Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Marriott International Inc (MAR) Stifel Nicolaus Raises JD.Com Inc (JD) Price Target to $45.00 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Given a $75.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1.458 Million Stake in Trimble Inc (TRMB) Advisory Services Network LLC Buys New Stake in Eversource Energy (ES) Advisory Services Network LLC Acquires Shares of 799 WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Buys 2,350 Shares of Allstate Corp (ALL) Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Position Raised by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1.482 Million Stake in Lear Co. (LEA) Aramark (ARMK) Shares Bought by Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. Sells 4,400 Shares of SCANA Co. (SCG) Ronald J. Santilli Sells 20,856 Shares of Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Cutera, Inc. (NASDAQ:CUTR) CFO Ronald J. Santilli sold 20,856 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $19.90, for a total transaction of $415,034.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 92,178 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,834,342.20. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Shares of Cutera, Inc. (NASDAQ:CUTR) traded down 1.00% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $19.80. 21,231 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Cutera, Inc. has a 1-year low of $9.83 and a 1-year high of $22.96. The firm has a market capitalization of $274.39 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 75.86 and a beta of 0.88. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $20.18 and a 200 day moving average price of $18.29. Cutera (NASDAQ:CUTR) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The medical device company reported ($0.07) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.07). Cutera had a net margin of 2.18% and a return on equity of 8.59%. The company had revenue of $29.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $29 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.16) earnings per share. Cutera’s quarterly revenue was up 30.8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Cutera, Inc. will post $0.47 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Ronald J. Santilli Sells 20,856 Shares of Cutera, Inc. (CUTR) Stock” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/ronald-j-santilli-sells-20856-shares-of-cutera-inc-cutr-stock.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in CUTR. Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Cutera by 7.3% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 41,614 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $861,000 after buying an additional 2,820 shares during the last quarter. Systematic Financial Management LP bought a new position in shares of Cutera during the first quarter worth about $2,001,000. Spark Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Cutera by 56.5% in the first quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC now owns 105,347 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $2,180,000 after buying an additional 38,047 shares during the last quarter. American International Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Cutera by 7.0% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 7,221 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $149,000 after buying an additional 475 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Cutera by 60.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 169,401 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $3,506,000 after buying an additional 63,758 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 78.59% of the company’s stock. A number of brokerages have issued reports on CUTR. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cutera from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. TheStreet cut shares of Cutera from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a report on Monday, May 1st. Finally, Sidoti began coverage on shares of Cutera in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $27.00 target price on the stock. Cutera Company Profile Cutera, Inc is a medical device company. The Company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture, marketing and servicing of laser and other energy-based aesthetics systems for practitioners across the world. The Company offers products based on product platforms, such as enlighten, excel HR, truSculpt, excel V and xeo, each of which enables physicians and other practitioners to perform aesthetic procedures for customers. Receive News & Ratings for Cutera Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cutera Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York Related nearing deal for $2.5B financing package at 50 Hudson Yards: sources Project set to be city's most expensive office tower; loan could be largest of its kind By Danielle Balbi | May 11, 2017 02:45PM Renderings of 50 Hudson Yards (credit: Related Companies) and Stephen Ross Related Companies, which is developing what’s slated to be New York’s most expensive office building at 50 Hudson Yards, is in advanced talks to secure a $2.5 billion financing package for the property, The Real Deal has learned. The financing would include a roughly $700 million equity injection and a $1.8 billion senior loan from a syndicate of banks, sources familiar with the discussions said. The loan, if it closes, would be among the largest-ever construction loans for an office tower. Bank of China, Deutsche Bank and Wells Fargo are putting together a five-year mortgage for the construction of the 2.9 million-square-foot tower, which Related is developing in partnership with Oxford Properties Group. Wells Fargo and Deutsche Bank are acting as the lead arrangers on the deal, sources said. It’s unclear which lender will act as the administrative agent, the liaison between the borrowers and lenders. Sign up for China Watch for weekly emails on Chinese real estate investments. Sources said a foreign institutional investor is stepping up to provide the additional equity, with two sources naming Mitsui Fudosan America, a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Mitsui Group that already owns a majority stake in 55 Hudson Yards. The term sheet on the loan is still weeks away, sources said. Representatives for Related didn’t immediately respond to requests for comment, nor did representatives for Bank of China and Wells Fargo.  Representatives for Deutsche Bank declined to comment. A representative for Mitsui Fudosan declined to comment. In January, Related and Oxford filed plans with the Industrial Development Agency, showing that the all-in development costs — land acquisition, construction and soft expenses — for the Foster + Partners-designed, 62-story, 985-foot tall skyscraper would be $3.94 billion, a record for New York. The IDA application pegged the tower’s size at 2.8 million square feet, which breaks down to north of $1,400 per square foot. Related originally sought a $2.5 billion construction loan for 50 Hudson Yards, and its preference was to borrow from a syndicate of banks, similar to SL Green Realty’s $1.5 billion financing package for One Vanderbilt, sources said. That lineup included Bank of China, Bank of New York Mellon, J.P. Morgan Chase, TD Bank and Wells Fargo. A number of lenders said, however, that a senior loan of that size was unrealistic for 50 Hudson Yards, given that the project is still considered speculative. As of now, BlackRock is the property’s only committed tenant, having agreed to lease 850,000 square feet across 15 floors late last year. In February, news broke that Morgan Stanley was mulling buying a 2 million-square-foot office condo at the tower, but the financial firm is also exploring other options at the 17 million-square-foot Far West Side megadevelopment. Given the price tag of the building, the current debt package carries a loan-to-cost ratio of 45.7 percent. Had the partnership snagged a $2.5 billion loan as they originally hoped, the LTC would have been roughly 63.5 percent, which is relatively standard as far as construction deals go. Other recent mammoth construction loans include the $1.25 billion Children’s Investment Fund provided to HFZ Capital Group at 76 Eleventh Avenue, as TRD first reported. When Anbang Insurance Group was in talks with Kushner Companies to redevelop 666 Fifth Avenue, the parties were said to be seeking a loan of north of $4 billion. That deal, however, never came to pass. Over the years, Related and Oxford have spent more than $200 million piecing together several parcels at the northwest corner of West 33rd Street and 10th Avenue to make way for the skyscraper. Related paid $30 million for a five-story manufacturing property at 507-511 West 33rd Street in August 2015, $152.3 million for 427 10th Avenue in January 2016, and acquired a 75-year ground lease for 503-505 West 33rd Street in December 2016. Related will pay $60.8 million in rent for the property. Related and Oxford also nabbed $195 million in tax breaks from the IDA, and will be making fixed payments in lieu of property taxes. As of August, Related and Oxford had locked up about $14 billion in debt and equity for Hudson Yards, which is estimated to cost about $25 billion in total. To get there, the developers executed a playbook that included EB-5 funds, the Israeli bond market, hedge fund capital and owner-occupied office condo deals. Companies who’ve pledged to make the move to the complex include KKR, Wells Fargo, Steve Cohen’s Point 72, Daniel Loeb’s Third Point, and Boies, Schiller & Flexner. Katherine Clarke contributed reporting. Tags: bank of china, Development, Hudson Yards, mitsui fudosan, Real Estate Finance, Related Companies Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Inside the universe of Kushner Companies PHOTOS: Global Holdings’ 1250 Broadway becomes Nomad Tower Blackstone lends Clipper $74M for BK rental Downtown Brooklyn Partnership managing director of real estate leaving for Success Academy These are the biggest Brooklyn deals of the first quarter More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop Subscribe to Magazine About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York HNA closes on $2.21B purchase of 245 Park Deal is just latest in Chinese conglomerate's wild acquisition spree By Katherine Clarke | May 11, 2017 05:45PM Chang Feng and 245 Park Avenue Chinese conglomerate HNA Group closed on its $2.21 billion purchase of 245 Park Avenue, or $1,227 per square foot, records show. The deal marks one of the biggest prices ever paid for a Manhattan office tower and is an example of how Chinese money continues to play a significant role in the New York market despite increased capital controls at home. Very few Manhattan properties have ever crossed the $2 billion threshold — the list includes 11 Madison Avenue, 3 Bryant Park and the GM Building at 767 Fifth Avenue. The Real Deal first reported that the company was in contract to buy the property from Brookfield Property Partners and the New York State Teachers’ Retirement System in March. The 1.8 million-square-foot building, between East 46th and 47th streets, came on the market in November and drew bids from RXR Realty, Blackstone and L&L Holding, among others, TRD reported. CBRE’s Darcy Stacom and William Shanahan represented the sellers. Stacom was not immediately available for comment, nor was a spokesperson for HNA. The Chinese company, which owns 25 percent stake in Hilton Worldwide Holdings, has been making a splash in recent months with a series of major cross-sector investments around the world. Among its recent deals, the company, which began as carrier Hainan Airline, recently upped its stake in Deutsche Bank to 9.9 percent. HNA reportedly financed the deal with a $1.75 billion loan from a consortium of banks led by JPMorgan Chase. Other lenders in the syndicate included Deutsche Bank, Barclays, Natixis and Societe Generale. Its acquisition spree has led to some speculation that its chairman Chen Feng enjoys a special relationship with the Chinese government, which has enacted strict capital controls on the purchase of foreign assets. China state-backed banks have provided HNA with a $60 billion line of credit, according to public filings obtained by the New York Times. Tags: Brookfield Property Partners, Commercial Real Estate, HNA Property Group Short URL Print Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular Inside the universe of Kushner Companies PHOTOS: Global Holdings’ 1250 Broadway becomes Nomad Tower Blackstone lends Clipper $74M for BK rental Downtown Brooklyn Partnership managing director of real estate leaving for Success Academy These are the biggest Brooklyn deals of the first quarter More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop Subscribe to Magazine About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Foundation Building Materials Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Foundation Building Materials Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Elevate Credit Inc Reduced by Jefferies Group (ELVT) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Cut by KeyCorp Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Dean Foods Co’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DF) Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) Shares Down 8.6% Following Weak Earnings Brokers Issue Forecasts for Earthstone Energy Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ESTE) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Foundation Building Materials Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FBM) Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars Insulet Co. (PODD) Director Purchases $99,794.40 in Stock MOCON, Inc. (MOCO) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.12 Per Share Western Asset Income Fund (PAI) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.06 MOCON, Inc. (MOCO) Issues Earnings Results Clough Global Equity Fund Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (GLQ) NII Holdings (NIHD) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56 Tofutti Brands (TOF) Earning Very Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Very Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact SJW Group (SJW) Share Price Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Rating Increased to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Whiting Petroleum Corp (WLL) Rating Reiterated by Iberia Capital Benchmark Co. Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Walt Disney’s (DIS) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Bank of America Corp Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Foundation Building Materials Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (FBM) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Foundation Building Materials Inc (NYSE:FBM) – Research analysts at SunTrust Banks upped their Q2 2017 EPS estimates for shares of Foundation Building Materials in a report released on Wednesday. SunTrust Banks analyst K. Hughes now expects that the company will post earnings per share of $0.14 for the quarter, up from their prior forecast of $0.13. SunTrust Banks currently has a “Buy” rating and a $23.00 price target on the stock. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Foundation Building Materials’ Q4 2017 earnings at $0.15 EPS and FY2017 earnings at $0.61 EPS. Foundation Building Materials (NYSE:FBM) last released its earnings results on Monday, March 27th. The company reported ($0.29) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.27) by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $469.60 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $466.73 million. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 143.9% compared to the same quarter last year. WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/equities-analysts-issue-forecasts-for-foundation-building-materials-incs-q2-2017-earnings-fbm.html. Several other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on FBM. Barclays PLC assumed coverage on Foundation Building Materials in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective on the stock. Robert W. Baird began coverage on Foundation Building Materials in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $18.00 price objective for the company. Royal Bank of Canada began coverage on Foundation Building Materials in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Citigroup Inc began coverage on Foundation Building Materials in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. began coverage on Foundation Building Materials in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $20.00 price target for the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Foundation Building Materials has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.86. Foundation Building Materials (NYSE:FBM) traded down 0.06% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $15.64. The stock had a trading volume of 14,219 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $16.17 and its 200 day moving average is $16.12. Foundation Building Materials has a 12 month low of $15.05 and a 12 month high of $17.91. The company’s market cap is $582.95 million. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of FBM. Principal Financial Group Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Foundation Building Materials during the first quarter worth $9,582,000. Spark Investment Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Foundation Building Materials during the first quarter worth $1,577,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC purchased a new position in shares of Foundation Building Materials during the first quarter worth $10,117,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new position in shares of Foundation Building Materials during the first quarter worth $133,000. Finally, Oxford Asset Management purchased a new position in shares of Foundation Building Materials during the first quarter worth $2,108,000. In other news, major shareholder John P. Grayken sold 1,920,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $13.23, for a total transaction of $25,401,600.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO John Gorey acquired 12,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $14.00 per share, with a total value of $168,000.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have bought 96,430 shares of company stock valued at $1,350,020. About Foundation Building Materials Foundation Building Materials, Inc is a specialty distributor of wallboard and suspended ceiling systems in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments include Specialty Building Products and Mechanical Insulation. The Company fabricates and distributes its products for specialty contractors seeking to improve or maintain energy efficiency in a range of commercial and industrial buildings. Receive News & Ratings for Foundation Building Materials Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Foundation Building Materials Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan The Brave Ones Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital GE drags on the Dow as Wall Street worries the dividend is at risk Deutsche Bank predicts General Electric will be forced to reduce its dividend and lower its earnings guidance in the coming years. The firm downgrades the industrial company to sell from hold. GE shares are down 9 percent this year through Thursday compared to the S&P 500's 7 percent return. Tae Kim | @firstadopter 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Sebastien Bozon | AFP | Getty Images An employee of General Electric works on a gas turbine at the GE plant in Belfort, France. Deutsche Bank lowered its rating on General Electric to sell from hold, saying the industrial blue chip will be forced to reduce its dividend and lower its earnings guidance in the coming years. "GE's weak cash flow has become worse in recent quarters … The company appears to be operating relatively 'close to the line' in terms of sufficient cash generation to continue to fund such a robust dividend and share repurchase program," analyst John Inch wrote in a note to clients Friday. "Eventually, GE could proportionately run out of things to sell while the capital dividend should largely be gone after 2018." General Electric's current dividend is 24 cents per quarter. The company's dividend yield is 3.3 percent, according to FactSet. The shares dropped more than 2 percent Friday for the worst decline in the Dow Jones industrial average. The analyst lowered his price target for General Electric to $24 from $28, representing 17 percent downside from Thursday's close. Only one other firm has a sell rating on GE, JPMorgan. The rest of Wall Street either says buy or hold. Inch cited the company's $31 billion underfunded pension and "inexplicably low" tax rate as additional concerns. Although he doesn't expect a management change in the short term, the analyst predicted any new CEO will likely lower earnings per share guidance closer to $1.00 than $2.00. The current Wall Street consensus for General Electric 2018 estimated EPS is $1.89. "In the event of a future leadership succession announcement, we caution the next CEO could opt to significantly reset earnings targets lower: possibly closer to actual cash generation. In turn, we expect the market could be negatively surprised by this prospective reset," he wrote. General Electric is significantly under-performing the market. The firm's shares are down 9 percent this year through Thursday compared to the S&P 500's 7 percent return. "We believe GE to be overvalued given weak earnings quality and the wide gap between non-cash and cash earnings," the analyst added. — CNBC's Michael Bloom contributed to this story. Disclaimer Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GE ---
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BlackRock Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Conning Inc. Has $2.646 Million Stake in Monsanto Company (MON) Clarkston Capital Partners LLC Has $403,000 Position in Texas Instruments Incorporated (TXN) Security National Trust Co. Raises Stake in Metlife Inc (MET) Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Stake Held by Argyle Capital Management Inc. BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Bought by iAB Financial Bank Welch & Forbes LLC Sells 1,356 Shares of Express Scripts Holding Company (ESRX) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Integer Holdings Co. (ITGR) Issued By Northcoast Research CSX Co. (CSX) Shares Sold by Reynders McVeigh Capital Management LLC Time Warner Inc (TWX) Shares Sold by Conning Inc. Dowling & Yahnke LLC Has $2.743 Million Stake in Metlife Inc (MET) Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research First Analysis Equities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Western Asset Global Corp Defind Opp Fnd (GDO) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.11 CDW Corp (CDW) Upgraded at Robert W. Baird Western Asset Municipal Partners Fnd Inc to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.07 (MNP) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Stake Raised by IFP Advisors Inc IFP Advisors Inc Has $176,000 Position in CarMax, Inc (KMX) IFP Advisors Inc Sells 97 Shares of Nasdaq Inc (NDAQ) Atlassian Co. PLC (TEAM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Bought by iAB Financial Bank May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet iAB Financial Bank raised its position in BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) by 9.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 4,737 shares of the asset manager’s stock after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. BlackRock accounts for approximately 0.9% of iAB Financial Bank’s holdings, making the stock its 27th largest position. iAB Financial Bank’s holdings in BlackRock were worth $1,817,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. State of Alaska Department of Revenue purchased a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the first quarter worth $108,000. Peoples Financial Services CORP. purchased a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the first quarter worth $115,000. WFG Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of BlackRock by 61.8% in the fourth quarter. WFG Advisors LP now owns 998 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $117,000 after buying an additional 381 shares during the period. Massey Quick & Co. LLC purchased a new stake in shares of BlackRock during the fourth quarter worth $137,000. Finally, SRB Corp raised its stake in shares of BlackRock by 6.3% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 423 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. 80.82% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK) opened at 382.87 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $382.24 and a 200 day moving average price of $378.54. The company has a market capitalization of $62.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.81 and a beta of 1.72. BlackRock, Inc. has a 52-week low of $317.60 and a 52-week high of $399.46. BlackRock (NYSE:BLK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The asset manager reported $5.25 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $4.94 by $0.31. BlackRock had a return on equity of 11.20% and a net margin of 28.44%. The company had revenue of $2.82 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.86 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $4.25 earnings per share. BlackRock’s quarterly revenue was up 7.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that BlackRock, Inc. will post $21.65 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Bought by iAB Financial Bank” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/blackrock-inc-blk-shares-bought-by-iab-financial-bank.html. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Wednesday, March 8th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Saturday, March 18th. Citigroup Inc lifted their target price on BlackRock from $425.00 to $430.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Deutsche Bank AG lifted their target price on BlackRock from $447.00 to $449.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of BlackRock in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. BlackRock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $410.30. BlackRock Company Profile BlackRock, Inc (BlackRock) is an investment management company. BlackRock provides a range of investment and risk management services to institutional and retail clients worldwide. Its diverse platform of active (alpha) and index (beta) investment strategies across asset classes enables the Company to tailor investment outcomes and asset allocation solutions for clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BlackRock, Inc. (NYSE:BLK). Receive News & Ratings for BlackRock Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BlackRock Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Live-at-home daughter, 31, 'shoots her movie industry-worker dad dead in their $1.8m home after her parents try to kick her out - then says it was a home invader and blames her family for not locking doors'  'The communications team s*** the bed on the Comey firing ... If I worked there I'd be dialing up my attorney': Trump insider reveals 'chaos' inside White House after FBI firing The Healthy Gut Diet: DR MICHAEL MOSLEY revolutionised weight loss with his 5:2 diet and is now unveiling his life-changing new plan that'll make you healthier, happier and slimmer  Ousted FBI boss James Comey 'wants to testify in public' about Trump and Russia after turning down offer to speak behind closed doors Mysterious hacking collective called 'The Shadow Brokers' stole NSA superweapon and caused global cyber attack that has shut hospitals, hit FedEx and is causing chaos in 99 countries  The iPhone 8 will cost OVER $1000: Analyst claims highest spec handset will set you back $1099 'It went psycho': Pilot describes the moment all the computers CRASHED on his Airbus with 303 people aboard - sending it nosediving towards the Indian Ocean Mom 'beat up her six-year-old son because he made his grandmother a Mother's Day card and not her' Has the mystery of the naked man and the shark been solved? Florida fisherman claims he is an ex-NYPD cop 'I am so sorry! I just need to think and clear my mind of all this cr**': The letter Tennessee teacher, 50, left his wife when he 'kidnapped his 15-year-old student and went on the run for 39 days' Bill O'Reilly gives first interview since Fox News firing and says he was 'target number one' of an 'organized left-wing cabal' funded by billionaire George Soros Chelsea Manning can't wait to 'smell the spring air and go swimming' as the transgender Army private prepares to leave all-male prison as a woman 'It's politics porn and disgusting': Mika Brzezinski SLAMS CNN for having Kellyanne Conway on and suggests  no one in White House can be trusted to tell the truth Jeff Sessions will interview the first four candidates to replace Comey on Saturday - a female lawyer, the acting FBI director, the Senate Majority Whip and a judge Trump says Comey gave Hillary a 'free pass' even though she was 'guilty, guilty, guilty' 'He is dimming the beacon of hope for the rest of the world': House Intel committee congressman Adam Schiff accuses Trump of 'willy-nilly telling the American people things that are patently untrue' Honest, I've got nothing to do with Russia says Trump - but the lawyers who wrote the letter 'proving it' were name RUSSIAN law firm of the year Casual Friday at the White House! First Lady Melania looks chic in black wide-leg pants, while Ivanka Trump makes a bold statement in hot pink trousers 'At least a dozen' FBI agents put James Comey in their Facebook profile pictures in a show of support for their fired former director as he declines to testify in closed senate session Bring it on! Sacked FBI boss Comey would WELCOME published tapes of his talks with Trump, his friends say - as Spicer refuses to deny they exist Trump could have covertly recorded Comey over dinner - and we might not know what was said for years (but it's Bill Clinton who definitely has secret White House tapes) Ousted FBI chief Comey WON'T testify before Congress next week as he refuses to dish to Senate Intelligence Committee about Trump and Russia Smooch! Donald and Melania share a kiss as President showers praise on his 'incredible woman' who is 'so popular' 'This trip is truly historic': Trump to visit The Vatican, Israel and Saudi Arabia before NATO and G7 summits on his first trip abroad Previous Next EXCLUSIVE - 'My son is innocent': Mom of Penn State frat boy, 21, charged over hazing death breaks silence - but NO parents offer sympathy to family of victim Christina DiBileo, the mother of one of the frat boys charged with involuntary manslaughter for the death of Timothy Piazza, spoke to DailyMail.com She said her son Gary, 21, has a 'clear conscience' about the hazing death of the 19-year-old He  died after falling down stairs at Beta Theta Pi house at Penn State after a night where pledges were compelled to chug beer, vodka and wine from a bag Of the 18 frat boys charged, eight face involuntarily manslaughter and aggravated assault charges None of the parents contacted expressed any grief for the family of Piazza By Laura Collins In Scranton, Pennsylvania Published: 09:30 EDT, 12 May 2017 | Updated: 10:02 EDT, 12 May 2017 e-mail 57 shares 286 View comments The mother of one of the Penn State fraternity brothers charged in the hazing death of 19-year-old Timothy Piazza has spoken out to protest her son's innocence. Speaking from the family home in Scranton, Pennsylvania, 150miles north-east of the college, Christina DiBileo said that her son Gary DiBileo II, 21, is doing 'as well as can be expected'. She told DailyMail.com: 'My son is innocent. His conscience is clear. It has been a difficult time. But it's going to be a long journey, a process, to prove that.' Scroll down for video  Christina DiBileo, 52, the mother of Gary DiBileo, told DailyMail.com she believes her son's 'conscience is clear.' Gary is charged with involuntary manslaughter and aggravated assault in relation to the fraternity hazing death of 19-year-old Timothy Piazza Mrs DiBileo said her son Gary has been going through a 'difficult time' after Beta Theta Pi pledge died in the fraternity house during 'hell week' Gary DiBileo (pictured leaving court on May 5 with his mother), 20, is facing 56 counts for the death of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity pledge Mrs DiBileo offered no comment or words of sympathy for the Piazza family whose son's harrowing death after a night of hazing on February 2 is now the focus of an investigation that has seen 18 members of Beta Theta Pi indicted for the role they allegedly played in his death and its attempted cover-up.  None of the parents of the 18 approached by DailyMail.com expressed any grief at the devastation that the now infamous night during 'hell week' - a week of ritualistic, and illegal, hazing inflicted on new pledges - has wrought on the Piazzas. They include successful businessmen, political influencers and respected educators; parents who, like the Piazzas, sent their sons off to college with high expectations. Several of the accused are named after their fathers, representing the second or third generation to proudly carry their family's name and legacy. But the doors to these family's sprawling homes - many set in upscale neighborhoods of manicured lawns, golf course and yacht clubs remained firmly closed against questions. Eight of the fraternity members were arraigned on Friday; the remaining ten were in court on Tuesday. Michael Schiavone, 21, Lars Kenyon, 19, Edward Gilmartin III, 20, Ryan McCann, 21, Lucas Rockwell, 20, Braxton Becker, 20, Ryan Foster, 21, and Joseph Ems, 20, were all ordered to hand over their passports and released on $50,000 bail. Fraternity brothers at Beta Theta Pi did not call for medical help for 12 hours after Timothy Piazza (above with his parents Evelyn and James in 2014) had fallen down a flight of stairs Piazza was fatally injured at the Beta Theta Pi fraternity house on February 2 None face the involuntary manslaughter charge which was among the multiple charges handed down on Friday to fraternity president Brendan Young, 21, pledge master Daniel Casey, 19, Gary DiBileo III, 20, Nicholas Kubera, 19, Luke Visser, 19, Michael Bonatucci, 19, Jonah Neuman, 19 and Joseph Sala, 19. The DiBileo have retained an attorney, Paul Walker, who, after reading the Grand Jury's 65-page indictment document has described the case against his client as 'weak.' DiBileo faces 56 counts including the most serious charges of involuntary manslaughter and aggravated assault. DiBileo is the son of wealthy businessman, Gary DiBileo, who has run a successful insurance agency for 30 years, is Lackawanna County Council Controller and also sits on the Prison Board. Michael Schiavone Jr's family lives in this $1million home in Yardley, Pennsylvania. He was the fraternity's social chairman at the Penn State Beta Theta Pi when Timothy Piazza died and is facing 52 counts including reckless endangerment Michael Schiavone Jr's father, also named Michael, does yard work outside of the $1million home in Yardley but had no message of sympathy for the family of the hazing death victim Michael Schiavone Jr faces 52 charges in relation to the death of Timothy Piazza during 'hell week' DiBileo junior ran the wine station in the so-called 'gauntlet' that night - a series of drinking stations and games that pledges had to 'run' during which they were compelled to chug beer, vodka and wine from a bag. It was a game with catastrophic consequences for Piazza. Text messages exchanged between DiBileo and fraternity president Brendan Young last year show that DiBileo actually tried to quit the fraternity, but was quickly dissuaded from that course. 'Bad idea,' Young texted him back in 2016. 'Talk to me in the morning….alcohol creates blurred lines.' DiBileo was freed on an unsecured bail of $100,000 with his lawyer's words echoing in his wake. 'We are absolutely going to fight this.' Mr Walker said in a stance reinforced by Mrs DiBileo this week on her doorstep. A crew of grounds men worked on the expansive garden of the Ems residence, across from Delaware Yacht Club in a tree lined enclave of Philadelphia set by the water's edge but nobody came to the door when DailyMail.com visited on Wednesday. Joseph Ems, 20, faces a single count of reckless endangerment a charge which stems from a moment caught on surveillance camera in which Ems allegedly punched Piazza - by then unconscious on a couch - in the stomach with his right hand. Fraternity president Brendan Young's family lives in this $500,000 redbrick home in Malvern, Pennsylvania. A family friend who answered the door when DailyMail.com visited did not comment on the charges Brendan Young (above on Friday) is charged with 200 counts, including involuntary manslaughter for the death of a 19-year-old fraternity pledge  Among the injuries sustained by Piazza who fell repeatedly - once down a flight of basement stairs, on another occasion onto the floor, striking his head on the hardwood - was a lacerated spleen. According to the Center County pathologist the blow allegedly dealt by Ems could have exacerbated the severity of this injury. Piazza also suffered a punctured lung, fractured skull, facial lacerations and brain trauma. An affectionate golden retriever basked in the sun on the wrap round terrace of the Gilmartin family's imposing residence in Scranton, Pennsylvania earlier this week.  But it remained shuttered against inquiries. Edward J Gilmartin III was the Vice President of the fraternity and faces one count of tampering with evidence for destroying forensic phone evidence. According to the grand jury indictment Gilmartin suggested erasing house surveillance footage and along with fellow frat brother Ryan Foster waved off suggestions that an ambulance should be called.  Foster remarked that such things, 'typically occur on bid acceptance night.' Dogs played in the garden of the Kubera's $500,000 property in Downingtown, Pennsylvania the afternoon that DailyMail.com visited.  Neither his dietitian mother, Leslie, nor father Joseph, once the president of an eponymous private equity firm and now a pharmaceuticals executive, came to the front door - open behind a screen - to answer questions about the role their son, Nick, is alleged to have played in the fateful February night that claimed the life of Piazza. Joe Ems's family lives in this charming home with a double wrap-around porch across the street from Delaware Yacht Club. It is set in an enclave of Philadelphia by the water's edge Nick graduated from Downington High School just last year and, in December, posted a picture from Beta Theta Pi with 29 fraternity brothers and the caption '29 Degenerates' on Instagram. Nick allegedly helped run the drinking gauntlet and is one of the 8 students charged with the most serious counts including involuntary manslaughter. The Young family were not at their $500,000 redbrick family home in Malvern where a family friend answered the door but did not comment. Brendan Young, 21, who plans to intern for JP Morgan Chase & Co this summer and who, among other things, is studying risk management, was the fraternity president. Joe Ems, 20,  is facing one count of reckless endangerment for allegedly punching Piazza on the couch who was passed out  He stands accused on multiple counts including that of trying to orchestrate a cover up, urging pledges to remove all evidence of alcohol from the house in the aftermath of Piazza's dire condition finally coming to light. Text messages exchanged between Young and a friend on February 3 seem to point to Young's sense of guilt. In them the friend urged, 'You can't blame yourself.' Young replied: 'How can I not? I don't think you fully comprehend the situation. He (Piazza) looked dead.' Less than twenty-four hours later he was. Michael Schiavone Sr declined to comment when approached in the garden of his $1million family home in the pretty Pennsylvanian town of Yardley. His 21-year-old son, also Michael, was the fraternity's social chairman this spring and the officer identified in the Grand Jury report as collecting funds from brothers for the 'slush fund' - money for alcohol purchase. Schiavone is also accused of going with another fraternity brother to pick up wine and beer for the pledge night. In a bitter irony Schiavone's mother, Peggy A Schiavone, Ed.D, the principal of Quarry Hill Elementary spoke out on the dangers of peer pressure when accepting the role back in 2005. In an open letter to parents she said: 'Students continue to strive to fit in and be accepted by peers - who may or may not have their best interests at heart. 'Unfortunately society demands children grow up faster - therefore, making childhood shorter.' Yet none of the families of the 18 young men who stand accused of ending Timothy Piazza's life both directly and indirectly, by their actions and their subsequent failure to act, have issued any statement of sorrow or sympathy for the events of that night - events that set out before the grand jury have been met with universal horror and dismay. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next 'I don't apologize for the letter': Steve Harvey stands by... Acting FBI boss REJECTS White House claim that agents were... Horrifying moment a motorcyclist smashes into a truck and is... Share this article Share Texts messages exchanged between two students suggest that one of the pledging rituals the Beta Theta Pi pledges had to undergo was the elephant walk. This involves a group of men lining up, holding the penis of the person behind them while inserting their thumb in the sphincter of the individual in front of them and walking around. In a text exchange with fellow student Maddie Miller two months before Piazza's death Young admitted that this was his 'lease favorite part of pledging,' and described himself as 'burnt out' from hazing. In a profoundly distressing chronicle of Piazza's last hours the grand jury heard how the youth suffered a series of falls, the worst of which saw him tumble down a flight of basement stairs and land face first after which four brothers carried his limp body back upstairs where water was poured on his face and he was slapped in an attempt to revive him. He was shoved on a couch wearing a backpack of textbooks to stop him from rolling onto his back and potentially choking on his own vomit. He was punched at one point, at another he fell off the couch, staggered around and was seen on his knees holding his head as if in severe pain. His face was bloodied. He was cold and rigid by the time the fraternity brothers who had forcefully resisted the suggestion to call 911 sought medical help some 12 hours after his first fall. Nick Kubera's family lives in the half million home in Downingtown, Pennsylvania. Neither his dietitian mother or pharmaceutical executive father answered the door for DailyMail.com Edward J Gilmartin III grew up in this three story home in Scranton. He is charged with one tampering with evidence for suggesting erasing house surveillance footage Nick Kubera (left ) is facing over 50 counts including involuntary manslaughter and aggravated assault. Edward J Gilmartin (right, leaving court on May 9) faces one charge for tampering with evidence Doctors estimate that he had still had a blood-alcohol content of nearly 0.40 percent - five times the legal limit for drivers- several hours after he had first fallen and lost consciousness. And while the parents of the fraternity brothers accused of playing a part in his death have remained largely silent Piazza's own family have been vocal in their grief and in apportioning blame. According to Piazza's father, Jim, his son died thanks to a culture that fostered a 'flagrant disregard' for the law. His death, he stated simply, 'didn't have to happen.' He said of his 6ft 5, football-loving son: 'Sadly we're never going to see his smile again except in pictures.' BETA THETA PI MEMBERS CHARGED FOR HAZING DEATH  Brendan Young, 21, 200 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, tampering with evidence, recklessly endangering another person (50 counts), hazing (50), furnishing alcohol to minors (48), unlawful acts relative to liquor (48) Daniel Casey, 19, 201 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, tampering with evidence, recklessly endangering another person (50 counts), hazing (50), furnishing alcohol to minors (48), unlawful acts relative to liquor (48), consumption of alcohol by a minor Brendan Young (left) is charged with 200 counts and Daniel Casey (right) was charged with 201 counts for the hazing death of Timothy Piazza Jonah Neuman, 19, 57 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12), disorderly conduct, consumption of alcohol by a minor Nick Kubera, 19, 56 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12), consumption of alcohol by a minor  Michael Bonatucci, 19, 56 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12), consumption of alcohol by a minor Gary DiBileo, 21, 56 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12), consumption of alcohol by a minor From left to right: Jonah Neuman, Nick Kubera, Michael Bonatucci and Gary DiBileo all face over 50 counts related to Timothy Piazza's death Luke Visser, 19, 56 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12), consumption of alcohol by a minor Joe Sala, 19, 55 counts: involuntary manslaughter, aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12) Michael Schiavone, 21, 52 counts: recklessly endangering another person (14), hazing (14 counts), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12) Craig Heimer, 21, 52 counts: recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12) From left to right: Luke Visser, Joe Sala, Michael Schiavone and Craig Heimer face more than 50 counts in relation to the death of the 19-year-old pledge  Lars Kenyon, 19, 52 counts: recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12) Parker Yochim, 19, 52 counts: recklessly endangering another person (14 counts), hazing (14), furnishing alcohol to minors (12), unlawful acts relative to liquor (12) Edward Gilmartin III, 20: tampering with evidence Ryan McCann, 21: tampering with evidence From left to right: Lars Kenyon, Parker Yochim, Edward Gilmartin III and Ryan McCann were four of the 18 Beta Theta Pi brothers charged  Lucas Rockwell, 20: tampering with evidence Braxton Becker, 20: tampering with evidence Ryan Foster, 21: tampering with evidence Joseph Ems, 20: tampering with evidence  From left to right: Lucas Rockwell, Braxton Becker, Ryan Foster and Joseph Ems all face one count of tampering with evidence  Source:  Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Office of the District Attorney    Share or comment on this article e-mail 57 shares Most watched News videos Check out Melissa McCarthy as Press Secretary Sean Spicer again! Stephen Colbert blasts Donald Trump over Comey firing Kellyanne Conway defends Trump over FBI Director firing Hiker and her dog found safe after missing for six days Hostage situation streamed on Facebook Live sparks police chase Betsy DeVos booed while giving college graduation speech Rick Hilton heads to his son Conrad Hilton's court hearing The Hilton family leaves court after Conrad Hilton's hearing Aaron Hernandez's fiancée recounts moment she was told he was dead Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer riding the podium down NYC street Surfer and his five-year-old son carve it up together Jon Stewart laments that he has been ravaged by age James Comey was 'uneasy' about dinner with Trump where he... Ready to roll! Melissa McCarthy brings Sean Spicer out of... 'It was magical': Wife of eccentric cybersecurity... North Carolina high school confiscates every yearbook,... Charges are dismissed against wealthy Manhattan couple... Woman, 25, finds a 2.65-carat uncut diamond she almost... Michelle Obama slams Trump while speaking at health... Bring it on! Sacked FBI boss Comey would WELCOME... 'Everything is great' Howard Stern's wife Beth Stern... 'Niagara Falls' of feces floods New Jersey woman's home... Stay classy USC: Will Ferrell belts out Whitney Houston... Chilling video shows San Bernardino shooter calmly... Bill O'Reilly gives first interview since Fox News firing... 'I thought it was a hoax... that it was a cruel person... Guilt trip: Spicer tells press his staff works 'day and... 'I wanna help kill them. It'd be awesome': The chilling... 'The communications team s*** the bed on the Comey firing... Former mortuary worker sues ex employer after he was... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 286 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Double trouble! Lisa Rinna's daughters Amelia and Delilah Hamlin both don crop tops on coffee run in Beverly Hills They've both dabbled in the world of modelling 'There's other things to be mad at': Paris Jackson shares nude sunbathing selfie... before biting back at pearl-clutching online critics Beach babes! Baywatch's Priyanka Chopra shows off bikini body as she cuddles Adriana Lima at Miami beach The Quantico actress  Brimming with passion, the love letters that finally tamed serial seducer Kirk Douglas and led to a marriage still going strong after 63 years  Is this African love nest proof Harry's about to pop the question? We present the compelling evidence that an engagement could be imminent  Well it IS the City Of Love! Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx quietly rendezvous in Paris... while Tom Cruise films MI:6 only blocks away The rumored couple 'Rapper The Game fires back at fan who said his child was 'way cuter' than Beyonce's daughter saying she is just as 'beautiful' as his own 'amazing kid'  Angelina Jolie bonds with the father she once despised as Jon Voight joins her for dinner with the children Brad Pitt helped bring them back together Missed a spot? Baywatch's Alexandra Daddario grabs a razor while relaxing in tiny shorts poolside with co-star Zac Efron In Miami Casual Friday at the White House! First Lady Melania looks chic in black wide-leg pants, while Ivanka Trump makes a bold statement in hot pink  Girl next door! Miley Cyrus displays petite figure in casual white T-shirt and jeans for SiriusXM visit to promote new single Released Thursday Which dress will Pippa pick? Every designer's desperate to dress her for the society wedding of the year... and here's how she'd look in their creations  A head start on Mother's Day! Nicole Murphy keeps it casual cool as she holds hands with mom Ellen on Beverly Hills outing The statuesque stunner  Dropping it like it's hot: Snoop Dogg is overshadowed by his VERY enthusiastic sign language interpreter in New Orleans The rapper is 45 'The Lord blessed us': Thomas Rhett and pregnant wife Lauren bring home newly adopted daughter from Africa She's called Willa Gray Atkins  'Get away from me!' Khloe Kardashian gets fed up by her 'ungrateful' family in Costa Rica...before getting called a 'big bully' by sister Kim on KUWTK Blac Chyna nearly upstages the bride in revealing gown at a friend's wedding She wore a cleavage bearing black gown with her hair in a ponytail Smooch! Donald and Melania share a kiss as President showers praise on 'incredible woman' who is 'so popular' Early reader! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego take baby boy Zen book shopping in Los Angeles He is only three months old Perfect pair! Onscreen spouses Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert De Niro get matchy-matchy in navy at Wizard Of Lies screening They play husband and wife  'You remind me of what a gift this life truly is': Bindi Irwin and beau Chandler Powell exchange GUSHING Instagram posts Loved-up Cool mama! Charlize Theron goes casual as she treats son Jackson to an ice cream in Venice She played the big sis of the Ice Queen in The Huntsman 'It's not a real-life experience': Original Biggest Loser winner Ryan Benson was left 'p***ed off' by fluctuating weight... as he seeks to shed 124 pounds 'He's a very nice guy!' Goldie Hawn reveals that daughter Kate Hudson, 38, DID briefly date Nick Jonas, 24 The 71-year-old Snatched star  Jetsetter! Amy Schumer is a casual flyer as she dons striped top and massive shades for jaunt through LAX Her new movie Snatched was just released Looking lovely! Keri Russell layers tan coat over double denim on NYC shopping trip She recently stated that she enjoyed shopping online Fairy tale ends for more Once Upon A Time stars as Ginnifer Goodwin and Josh Dallas announce they are leaving the ABC fantasy 'She has great potential': David and Victoria Beckham 'have enrolled daughter Harper in celebrated stage school' that charges parents $130 an HOUR for classes Woke up like this! Isla Fisher cuts a VERY relaxed figure in a pyjama-style blouse and flared jeans while grabbing a bite at LA vegan restaurant  New face of Adidas Sofia Richie dons white sweater and cool kicks from the brand at lunch with friends In West Hollywood on Friday Victoria Beckham walks the pink carpet in a backless midnight blue jumpsuit at cancer fundraiser... after missing David's King Arthur premiere Cougar on the prowl! 'Newly separated loser' Reese Witherspoon has fling with toyboy in trailer for Home Again Reese plays Alice Kinney Looking for a Modern Family home! Look inside the $2.2million home Ariel Winter 19, and boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, are considering buying 'I'm trying my hardest to NGAF': Busy Philipps shows off her admirably svelte figure in cute crochet bikini She's been enjoying a cruise with her family Newly single Joanna Krupa forgoes her bra in daring halterneck denim jumpsuit on fun night out She's ready to mingle since breaking up from husband Romain  'He'll have my job in a few years': Bob Irwin follows in late dad Steve's photography footsteps His father was the famed crocodile hunter Chatting with the enemy: Megyn Kelly enjoys a stroll on the beach with ABC host Erin Andrews 'days before her NBC debut at network's upfront' Legendary crooner Tony Bennett, 90, cancels trio of concerts as he battles the flu He has canceled a concert in Pennsylvania due to 'mild' flu Plenty to smile about! Cat Deeley is in high spirits as she  steps out in fitted leather jacket and tinted sunglasses for shopping spree Showed off her post-baby body  Dakota Johnson flashes her fit abs in Calvin Klein sports bra and legging while fetching coffee with a friend She bares all in her hit Fifty Shades films Charlotte McKinney looks oh so pretty in pink workout gear on outing in LA  She enjoyed a relaxing day of shopping and lunch with a pal in West Hollywood 'Life is about having some treats': Jamie Oliver SLAMS health gurus who don't let their kids have sugar On an international campaign for a sugar tax Michelle Obama wears showstopping shirt as she speaks at DC health conference and promises she and Barack are 'not gone, just breathing' Grieving Zoe Ball pulls out of filming the finale of new baking show after the death of her lover  She is the ex wife of DJ Fat Boy Slim 'It's politics porn and disgusting': Mika Brzezinski SLAMS CNN for having Kellyanne Conway on and suggests no one in White House can be trusted to tell the truth He's back: Melissa McCarthy brings Sean Spicer out of hiding as she is seen dressed as White House Press Secretary while driving a podium for 'SNL' skit Happiest place on earth: Nick and Vanessa Lachey bring their kids Camden and Brooklyn to Disneyland They also have a four-month-old son named Phoenix Supermodel with a cause! Cindy Crawford looks chic in coral frock as she hits the stage at health summit in Washington DC The 51-year-old hit the stage  'I haven't dated anyone since losing Steve': Terri Irwin denies romance rumors with Russell Crowe... as daughter Bindi reveals she sees her mum as 'still married' to late father Elizabeth Hurley, 51, stuns in bubblegum pink Grecian gown as she leads the red carpet arrivals at breast cancer benefit in New York Pretty in pink One does not appear amused... but Andrew is! The Queen seems focused on other matters as the Duke of York shares a joke with the King of Bahrain  Welcome home baby Axton! Mia Tyler and her partner bring newborn son back to New York apartment  She only welcomed her first child on Wednesday Chance the Rapper teaches Twitter followers how to detect inflammatory breast cancer after his aunt dies of the notoriously difficult-to-spot disease Battle of the pop princesses: Mariah Carey is 'being lined up to replace Nicole Scherzinger on The X Factor UK this year' New judges? How about Rabat! Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in TINY high waisted shorts as she gears up for performance at Moroccan music festival Caitlyn Jenner details reassignment surgery while revealing she still 'does not know' if she is attracted to women or men (and gets hit on by Larry King) Stay classy USC: Will Ferrell belts out Whitney Houston and says his wife and sons are his greatest achievement in hysterical and poignant commencement speech Adam Levine shows off buff biceps in rare family photo with daughter Dusty Rose and wife Behati Prinsloo The 38-year-old Maroon 5 frontman  Chris Pine plays a contestant on the first-ever black Bachelorette in spoof for Saturday Night Live  Rachel Lindsay is the first-ever black Bachelorette Perfect match! Gwyneth Paltrow and boyfriend Brad Falchuk both wear army green on rare public outing together for romantic dinner Seriously cool: Actor Sam Neill, 69, looks dapper during low-key outing as he takes in a spot of shopping in Sydney's Double Bay Jurassic Park star Doctor Mirren will see you now! Dame Helen receives an honourary degree from the University of Southern California... as Will Ferrell jokes with her Hugging it out! Sarah Jessica Parker and Thomas Haden Church cozy up as they film season 2 of HBO's Divorce Good pals in real life I'm good enough to eat! Katy Perry gets cooked up and served on a platter in bizarre new clip for Bon Appetit The 32-year-old singer put herself on the menu  'Everything is great' Howard Stern's wife Beth Stern insists everything is FINE with his health after fans worried when star took his first day off EVER Love on the menu? Christie Brinkley enjoys dinner date with Yolanda Hadid's ex David Foster following romance rumors Pair looked very cozy Jennifer Lawrence dons animal print coat and racy thigh-high boots as she takes a break from movie filming for night out with pals in London 'Be proud of who you are!' Madonna shares pic of son David Banda, 11, wearing robes from his native Malawi while posing with photo of his biological parents  Hijab-wearing model Halima Aden - who walked in Kanye West's show this year - scores first international fashion campaign for modest style collection Stop using your kids to make money, Jamie: Carluccio roasts the father-of-five chef over online 'exploitation'  The king of Italian cuisine gave Jamie his first job  OUCH! Sophie Monk cops a snowball to the face while sending out a birthday message to a fan as she holidays in Canada The Australian model Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car EXCLUSIVE: Jimmy Buffett WAS wasting away in Margaritaville! How singer guzzled LSD-laced punch in Key West and was 'tempted' to get into coke-dealing   Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Back to reality! Kylie Jenner models $99 Rob Kardashian onesie as she flies home on private jet from charity trip Been visiting Peru Last-minute Mother's Day shopping made easy! FEMAIL rounds up the best new fragrances for every type of mom on your list Mother's Day is less than 48 hours away Caitlyn Jenner, 67, dazzles in a black bodycon dress as she makes rare UK appearance at LGBT Awards in London Classic party look  Married at First Sight's Sheila sobs after her new husband tells her he wants to break up following an explosive fight on their HONEYMOON Pretty as a petal Jenna Dewan Tatum flashes a hint of her toned stomach in two-piece yellow floral shorts suit World Of Dance host was in New York City Edgar Ramirez wears flamboyant pink silk gown as he recreates Gianni Versace's final few days for American Crime Story 20 years after his murder From the Adidas collab beloved by Sofia Richie and Kourtney Kardashian to Dior's Western-themed Resort show, FEMAIL reveals  fashions we're loving Look away Tyga! Rapper is not the only one wanting to make sweet music with new gal Anitta as she recently shared steamy kiss with singer Maluma My sweet new life in the Big Apple! Ryan Seacrest enjoys a coffee with new girlfriend Shayna Taylor after she 'moves into his Manhattan apartment' Southern belle Reese Witherspoon looks a bit squeamish as she dips her gloved hand into a tub of live crawfish while preparing lunch in New Orleans From her cell to a cage... fight: Freed Peru Two drugs mule Michaella McCollum is ringside to MMA bout  She returned to the UK in August last year Need a wine or two? Abby Lee Miller treats herself to a pre-prison mani pedi as she steps out post sentencing in a 'drinks well with others' slogan tee She knows how to make a splash! Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach looks stylish in short dress as she films cooking segment with Zac Efron  I'm great with kids! Kris Jenner bonds with a baby goat while visiting local Peru market on charity visit with daughter Kylie Jenner A couple of trendsetters! Gigi Hadid flashes her toned abs in cropped knit and flared pants while Zayn Malik works double denim in New York Amelia Hamlin, 15, wears pays homage to her hero Angelina Jolie on night out in Hollywood Lisa Rinna's daughter wore Angie jacket  Cara Delevingne covers her shaved head with bubblegum pink wig as she tends to ailing on-screen lover Jaden Smith in scene for new film Life In A Year 'We definitely click creatively': Rita Ora teams up with close friend Ed Sheeran for single Your Song... as she prepares to release her second album Kristen Stewart cuts an edgy figure in a ripped t-shirt and frayed denim shorts in New Orleans... as she steps out with mysterious marks on her legs Nude ambition: Kristen Stewart's girlfriend Stella Maxwell dares to bare as she poses completely naked on the front cover of Vogue Brazil Ready to earn my stripes! Christina Aguilera studies her script on Toronto set of new movie Zoe as she takes another shot at acting Dr. McDreamy's latest roll! Patrick Dempsey sports a vintage pink cycling jersey as he hits the road with the riders of Giro D'Italia race in Europe 'Our First Lady... Ivanka Trump!' Twitter reacts as Caitlyn Jenner confuses the US President's wife with her step-daughter during TV interview Steve Harvey 'skipped his own staff wrap-up party' hours after he refused to apologize for email telling colleagues to stop coming to his dressing room uninvited Scott Disick's rumored flame Ella Ross reveals more than she intended as she goes bra-free under flashlights Sheer  top went see through under cameras  Top of the crops! Madison Beer flaunts the flesh in daring PVC bandeau bra and skintight pants The 18-year-old singer is Justin Bieber protégé Hoda Kotb, 52, surprises Today co-stars with visit from three-month-old adopted daughter Haley Joy, ahead of her first Mother's Day weekend Mary Elizabeth Winstead looks chic in floral blouse as she joins Ewan McGregor and the cast of Fargo for special LA screening of new series 'I thought it was a cruel person playing a trick': Aaron Hernandez's fiancee breaks down in tears describing the moment she learned of his suicide Cary Grant's relationship with controversial LSD therapy doctor and '100 acid trips that changed his life' are explored in new documentary  'Everything in life right here!' Proud mom Bristol Palin poses with husband Dakota and their kids in first photos of family-of-five, taken after birth of baby Atlee  Macho Impossible! Henry Cavill broods as he is seen on the set of Mission: Impossible 6... as Tom Cruise shoots dramatic scenes at gunpoint DON'T call me Caitlyn: How reality star Jenner's name plunged in popularity in 2016, one year after she revealed her new moniker to the world Muva knows best! Amber Rose's pal mimics her style with a matching bleached buzz cut The 33-year-old was seen in Miami Big Bang Theory's Sheldon shocks viewers by PROPOSING to Amy... but fans will have to wait to find out if she says yes following season finale cliffhanger Harry Styles showcases his flair for fashion in a silk bomber jacket and baker boy cap as he arrives at TV studios in London Performed new tracks  As if he needs any more fans! Justin Trudeau melts hearts AGAIN as he takes his adorable three-year-old son to work for the day Hadrien stole the show Business Beck-ons! Victoria Beckham channels androgynous chic in grey wide-leg pant suit and shades as she steps out in New York City Roses among Rosé! Laura Dern, Jaime King and Ali Larter are floral fashion delights as they toast Mother's Day a little early on wine sampling afternoon Look away now, Penelope! Charlize Theron goes totally NAKED in steamy sex scene with Cruz's husband Javier Bardem from The Last Face Never meet your (super)heroes! Henry Cavill is faced with his likeness as he snaps selfie in front of Superman statue at Paris museum 'I could've pulled the sword from the stone!' David Beckham posts hilarious video with King Arthur co-stars Jude Law, Annabelle Wallis and Charlie Hunnam...  'Back to short!' 'Indecisive' Kim Kardashian ditches the long hair extensions after just a day Mom-of-two took to social media  Prince of Wales shares a laugh and a handshake with Gerry Adams 38 years after the IRA murdered Charles's beloved uncle Lord Mountbatten Demi's darlings! Rumer, Tallulah and Scout have night out together at gallery opening... as their mother parties across town He's got unusual Style(s): Harry looks like he's stolen his look from a classic laundry bag as he steps out in wacky red bespoke checked suit and Gucci HEELS  Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks divorce battle after having an affair with Broadway actress whose husband is now fighting for custody of their children' 'This wasn't my choice!' Rebecca Mader reveals she's leaving Once Upon A Time after sixth season  Played a starring role on show for three years 'It's a boy!' Scandal star Katie Lowes and husband Adam Shapiro are expecting their first child   Excitedly shared big news with Kimmel  'Jetlagged' Bella Hadid borrows from the 90s in a Clueless inspired leather mini skirt and fur-lined cardigan as the leggy model steps out in London Khaki Zeta Jones! Catherine looks glam as she struts from meeting in New York wearing an opulent green ensemble and toting a $8,500 stone-colored Birkin bag What would Queen Elizabeth say? Meghan Markle plays a bed-hopping, drug-taking party girl in raunchy TV movie she'd probably rather forget Another day, another runway! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber, 17, shares a romantic kiss with his model girlfriend Cayley King, 19, at the airport That's not very bridal! Pippa steps out in edgy LEATHER leggings after a visit from her wedding dress fitters as she counts down to the big day   Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop The 66-year-old and a pal treated themselves Olympic gold medalist Nastia Liukin postpones her wedding to entrepreneur Matt Lombardi just SIX weeks before the big day 'Let's get sweaty': Extra host Renee Bargh strips down to a small towel in Hollywood sauna as she debuts new 'Renee Likes' segment  Six month mark! Ariel Winter puts on a VERY busty display in a tiny plunging minidress for an anniversary night out with boyfriend Levi Meaden 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration Her mother's dress The Midas Touch! Olympic gold medallist Ryan Lochte tenderly kisses heavily pregnant fiancée Kayla Rae Reid's baby bump as she poses topless 'It was pretty chill': Harry Styles reveals he enjoyed writing his debut album in a 'bubble' in Jamaica because it stopped 'anyone else influencing it' Catch Me If You Can: Amy Adams cuts a sporty figure in leggings and running shoes as she makes a solo outing in LA In a Van Halen t-shirt Ice work if you can get it! Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in a black midi as she takes daughter North to an ice-cream museum during KUWTK Ugly little break-up: Lucy Hale and Anthony Kalabretta have 'split' and deleted photos of each other from social media Together almost 2 years Doting father Ryan Gosling cuddles his two-year-old Esmeralda as they enjoy fun daddy-daughter day in LA Taking some time off for his family In the driving seat! Brad Pitt gets behind the wheel of his Tesla after another long session at LA art studio Taking mind off divorce  by focusing on sculpture  JK Rowling appeals for return of 'extremely valuable' Harry Potter prequel after thieves stole $30,,000 work that she handwrote on a postcard 'Can't see papa!' Elsa Pataky and her adorable twin boys catch a private helicopter back to Byron Bay after THAT 'tense' exchange with hubby Chris Hemsworth 'Going to the chapel!' Margot Robbie wows in white gown while serving as a bridesmaid at friend's wedding... five months after walking down the aisle Walk on the wild side: Queen Letizia steps out in snakeskin pumps and a grey suede skirt suit as she greets guests at Zarzuela Palace in Madrid 'Does she think I'm crazy?': Caitlyn Jenner admits she freaked out about what Kim would think when she first probed her on her transition Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Twinning through the air! Kylie Jenner and mom Kris wear matching onesies as they board a jet to fly home EARLY from Peru charity trip Makeup-free Lily Collins looks effortlessly beautiful in workout gear and khaki jacket as she grabs an iced coffee in LA Sunglasses atop head Harry Styles leaves fans confused by hinting he is 'set to become a dad' in teasing lyrics for new track Kiwi... as  James Corden jokes he's having singer's tot  Hold Up! Beyoncé's sister Solange and BFF Kelly Rowland face awkward run-in with Rachel Roy at Dior show... after relentless rumours of Jay Z affair TV judge Glenda Hatchett's daughter-in-law died from blood loss after giving birth via a scheduled c-section - as the son files wrongful death lawsuit 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Expressed their 'regrets' Didn't get the memo? Braless Rihanna goes for low-key cowgirl while Kate Bosworth, Kelly Rowland and Miranda Kerr dazzle at Dior Cruise show Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Spotted out and about in New York City Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return Smug Stephen Colbert claims VICTORY in his war of words with Trump because the president 'said his name' when he called him a 'no talent guy'  Tennis ace Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, shows she's still got all the right moves as she dances up a storm in Berlin Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting She expressed her annoyance 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a touching tribute to her 'beloved' dead cat Playdough Moment Love and Hip Hop Reality star is kicked off Delta flight after she 'refused to give up her glass of wine' Headed to Miami     DON'T MISS Long haired Denzel Washington takes a dip in the ocean before buying ice cream on seaside set of upcoming legal drama Relaxed hairdo That's quite the collection, Ma'am! Queen Elizabeth steps out in her THIRD silk headscarf in as many days as she attends horse show 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter Ms Crawford goes to Washington! Supermodel Cindy jets into DC for summit to fight childhood obesity She is joining Bill Clinton and Michelle Obama 'I am happy to get my clothes off!' Charlie Hunnam reveals he had no qualms about baring all for director Guy Ritchie in new King Arthur movie  Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA North turns four next month 'Always do no harm': Naomi Watts ignites intrigue with steamy girl-on-girl kiss in mysterious new trailer for the Netflix thriller Gypsy Sons of Guns reality star who raped two underage girls is sentenced to life in prison On Discovery Channel's Sons of Guns Grunge goddess! Miranda Kerr flashes her trademark dimples as she stuns in a sequinned low-cut frock and combat boots at glamorous Dior party 'I feel sexy when I'm dirty!' Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn admit they used dirt and sweat to contour their faces for their new movie Snatched Touch (up) My Body! Mariah Carey shows off cleavage in low-cut top as she visits cosmetic surgery centre Seems she may be getting help to look good Age defying! Raquel Welch belies her 72 years as she supports fundraiser for late friend Farrah Fawcett's charitable foundation Ageless beauty 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Guidance on matters of the heart Now that's Perry revealing! Singer Katy turns heads as she bares nearly all in a sheer nude swimsuit while holidaying in Mexico 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot Was a big part of it Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though Jay Z isn't slowing down anytime soon Step back in time! Makeup free Kylie Minogue, 48, looks decades younger in stunning new pic that's sending her fans into a meltdown Bring your mom to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Rushed to her mother and gave her a hug Olympic figure skater Michelle Kwan only found out her husband had filed for divorce when she saw the news on TWITTER Blindsided  Recently fired Phaedra Parks 'blames RHOA producers for Porsha Williams date rape rumor' It seems the drama is still simmering 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line Promoting her new line Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  52-year-old kept things simple in a white dress Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video The 34-year-old rap diva sported knee-length hair extensions Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' Making waves: Kelly Rohrbach shows off her endless legs in skin-tight white jeans as she meets the fans in Miami Airport ahead of Baywatch premiere Blazer beauties! Brie Larson and Demi Moore don similar jacket and skirt combinations for Dior show in Los Angeles Hollywood A-listers 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Ready for spring! Keri Russell stuns in pretty floral blouse as she joins elegant Karlie Kloss for children's clothing website launch party in NYC Is she fur real? Rihanna makes a bold choice in brown pelt as she leads glam parade at Dior Cruise Collection show in LA Off-the-shoulder fur coat Bra-baring Freida Pinto teases a look at her assets in sheer lingerie as she cuts a chic figure at Dior's star-studded Cruise Collection show in Los Angeles 'I want a cameo': King Arthur's Charlie Hunnam reveals he turned down a role in Game Of Thrones... but is now desperate to get a part Shirtless Liam Payne flaunts his abs in a sultry strip tease in extended teaser ahead of his debut solo single release One Direction star All suited up! Rose Byrne turns heads in black pantsuit and continues to spark engagement rumours by still wearing a ring on THAT finger Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273K red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Ferrari 488 Spider Hair makeover! Kelly Rowland debuts waist-length braids at Dior Cruise presentation in Calabasas Included a pink and purple braid He's a superstar! Justin Bieber surprises a group of school children on a bus in India before sold out concert in Mumbai Gave out high fives Single life agrees with him! Joshua Jackson is a picture of joy as he goes for a sunshine stroll in Hollywood Diane Kruger's ex-boyfriend 'More than a moment': Goldie Hawn reveals falling under spell of Dollars co-star Warren Beatty on WWHL Gave an insight into her early acting days Little black delight! Kate Bosworth plays it safe in velvet dress as she attends Dior event The blonde bombshell looked classically elegant Kobe Bryant, Sylvester Stallone, Nastia Liukin, and Hollywood stars come out to support group trying to win 2024 Olympic bid for Los Angeles Vroom! Peter Facinelli brings girlfriend Lily Anne Harrison on motorcycle ride around Los Angeles Been going strong for more than nine months She's Coco for Chanel! Faith Evans displays her ample cleavage in a plunging lace catsuit with matching cape as she attends bash honoring pal Diddy Living in the fast and furious lane! Charlize Theron is a cool customer in aviator shades at Dior show in LA Edgy glamour Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Sneak peek of the show released on Thursday I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot She's undressed again Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Seen in the trendy West Hollywood area 'I don't apologize for the letter': Steve Harvey stands by telling colleagues to stop coming to his dressing room uninvited and compares it to a 'prison' Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood She's called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' 'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'I wouldn't be here if it wasn't for you': Miley Cyrus credits Liam Hemsworth for her new direction after she dedicates latest music video to her fiance Happy hippie! Sofia Richie flashes peace sign while donning cool camo pants to dinner with friends in LA She is fast becoming a fashion darling 'I wanna thank you with my heart for a brand new start': Bikini-clad Miley Cyrus shows off her figure as she pays homage to fiancé Liam Hemsworth in new video Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Positively glowing Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA She was dressed in camouflage but there was no missing her Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian shared news with followers 'I'm in trouble... where's the door?' Goldie Hawn recalls casting couch encounter with 45-year-old cartoonist when she was just 19 Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Melissa McCarthy AGAIN teases her upcoming portrayal of Sean Spicer on SNL by mocking him for 'hiding in the White House shrubbery' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles 'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire dad of Bella and Gigi Hadid slammed as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible jail for illegally building mansion Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble 'Nobody has the perfect life': Kylie Jenner reveals she's looking for what is 'really going to make me happy' in first Life of Kylie trailer 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey The 39-year-old actress shared a picture snuggled up to her pet Baby makes three! Zoe Saldana goes for stroll with husband Marco Perego and son Zen in sunny LA She carried her little boy in his car seat carrier Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  Veteran director EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers Not everything was accurate Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Turned 29 on Thursday Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets as they step out after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post Tasty treats for your skin! Olivia Culpo reveals she uses skincare ingredients found in her KITCHEN to achieve her flawless appearance International stars, an Oscar-winning actress, arrests and an Uber driver: As American Idol returns to our TV screens, what happened to its contestants? Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Swedish royals are somber as they fly back from Oslo to pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law Baron Niclas Silfverschiöld who died last month Walk on the wild side: Kyle Richards prowls around with stylish leopard print clutch for night out with pal Left Catch with friend Justin Sylvester Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' Pretty in pastel! Duchess Kate is a vision in baby blue as she embarks on her second solo overseas visit in sunny Luxembourg The couple that sweats together stays together! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner return home after an early-morning gym session and coffee run Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Charli XCX's skimpy bra top struggles to contain her eye-popping assets as the singer flashes her abs on the way to BBC studios in London Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner at Dan Tana's in LA He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumored love interest Jordan Ozuna Amy Schumer flashes flesh in plunging dress with thigh-high slit for Snatched premiere... as she reveals her brother 'gagged' when he saw her nip slip in the movie Still so in love! Goldie Hawn flirts with longtime partner Kurt Russell on red carpet for LA premiere of Snatched She looked smitten with her man Kylie Jenner bundles up after suffering altitude sickness as she and mom Kris land in Inca city of Cusco on a private jet on charity mission Kesha turns heads in $835 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she joins long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere of Snatched Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig Plum perfection! Jaime King dons leather beret with purple gown at Dior Dinner in LA The 38-year-old Miu Miu model opted for a French look for the Dior event 'Dark times call for dark hair': Olivia Wilde shows off new raven locks as she gets ready for Broadway debut in 1984 Struck a sultry pose The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London...after King Arthur bash Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'We cannot help them and kill them at the same time': Brad Pitt plays a stern army general in hilarious trailer for Netflix movie War Machine Hot Legs! Supermodel Rachel Hunter shows off her enviable figure in pretty turquoise dress as she enjoys a spot of retail therapy Rod Stewart's ex Blending in with the locals! Amber Heard flies under the radar as she dances in the streets of Byron Bay, Australia amid boisterous revelers PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant actress Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cozy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Dress down day! Bella Hadid keeps it casual as she flaunts her toned waist in a checkered tracksuit while out in New York Off-duty beauty 'Had the best time!' Pregnant Serena Williams shows off baby bump as she promotes Disney's Pandora - World Of Avatar attraction on Instagram 'I am a lucky mom!' Sharon Stone's three sons present her with Mother of the Year Award at ABC luncheon Presented by Roan, 16; Laird, 12; and Quinn, 10 Stony-faced Jennifer Lopez gets serious during Shades Of Blue filming... yet cheeky co-star Drea de Matteo larks around on a car bonnet  Today's headlines Most Read Live-at-home daughter, 31, 'shoots her movie industry-worker dad dead in their $1.8m home after her parents... 'The communications team s*** the bed on the Comey firing ... If I worked there I'd be dialing up my... The Healthy Gut Diet: DR MICHAEL MOSLEY revolutionised weight loss with his 5:2 diet and is now unveiling... Ousted FBI boss James Comey 'wants to testify in public' about Trump and Russia after turning down offer to... Mysterious hacking collective called 'The Shadow Brokers' stole NSA superweapon and caused global cyber... The iPhone 8 will cost OVER $1000: Analyst claims highest spec handset will set you back $1099 'It went psycho': Qantas pilot reveals horror moment computers on flight QF72 BROKE DOWN - sending the... Mom 'beat up her six-year-old son because he made his grandmother a Mother's Day card and not her' Has the mystery of the naked man smiling atop of a dead shark been solved? Florida sports anchor claims he... 'I am so sorry! I just need to think and clear my mind of all this cr**': The letter Tennessee teacher, 50,... Bill O'Reilly gives first interview since Fox News firing and says he was 'target number one' of an... Chelsea Manning can't wait to 'smell the spring air and go swimming' as the transgender Army private... 'It’s politics porn and disgusting': Mika Brzezinski SLAMS CNN for having Kellyanne Conway on and suggests... Jeff Sessions will interview the first four candidates to replace Comey on Saturday - a female lawyer, the... Trump says Comey gave Hillary a 'free pass' even though she was 'guilty, guilty, guilty' 'He is dimming the beacon of hope for the rest of the world': House Intel committee congressman Adam Schiff... Honest, I've got nothing to do with Russia says Trump - but the lawyers who wrote the letter 'proving it'... Casual Friday at the White House! First Lady Melania looks chic in black wide-leg pants, while Ivanka Trump... 'At least a dozen' FBI agents put James Comey in their Facebook profile pictures in a show of support for... Bring it on! Sacked FBI boss Comey would WELCOME published tapes of his talks with Trump, his friends say –... Trump could have covertly recorded Comey over dinner – and we might not know what was said for years (but... Ousted FBI chief Comey WON'T testify before Congress next week as he refuses to dish to Senate Intelligence... Smooch! Donald and Melania share a kiss as President showers praise on 'incredible woman' who is 'so... 'This trip is truly historic': Trump to visit The Vatican, Israel and Saudi Arabia before NATO and G7... Ready to roll! Melissa McCarthy brings Sean Spicer out of hiding as she is seen dressed as White House Press... Former Trump Campaign Official charged with rape and human trafficking charges could face more than 100... I'll be my own spokesman because of the unfair hostility to 'wonderful human being' Sean Spicer! Trump... Brimming with passion, the love letters that finally tamed serial seducer Kirk Douglas and led to a marriage... Ex-gymnast faces down sex assault Olympic team doctor in court as she tells how she turned to him for help... MORE HEADLINES Did Trump set up Comey? President warns ousted FBI boss there might be 'tapes' of their conversations after insisting the top Fed assured him he WASN'T being investigated over Russian links Jane Doe case featured on Unsolved Mysteries is finally cracked after 27 years thanks to cutting edge FBI fingerprint analysis Pathway to Heaven? Families are comforted by extraordinary photo from fatal crash site 'showing their loved ones leaving Earth' Teenage girl MICROWAVES her pet guinea pig and puts footage of her 'cooking' it online, sparking online hate campaign Brimming with passion, the love letters that finally tamed serial seducer Kirk Douglas and led to a marriage still going strong after 63 years  Shocking video shows how boy, eight, was assaulted and left unconscious on a school bathroom floor while classmates kicked and laughed at him for FIVE MINUTES - two days before he committed suicide  'Everything is great' Howard Stern's wife Beth Stern insists everything is FINE with his health after fans worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER Teenage girl fights for life after her father and brother shot her in the face in attempted honour killing because she loved a man in her village Lana's SAVED! 'Saddest dog in the world' finds a loving new family after being rejected for the SECOND time and facing eviction from overcrowded kennel Not so tough now! Pathetic mugshot shows 'drunk' racist thug crying after arrest following hate-fueled tirade on a Texas beach comparing a Muslim-American family to ISIS terrorists  Passed out drunk as a baby cries beside them... TWICE in one day: Police find parents unconscious in a park and then find them slumped over by their child again hours later  Schoolgirl, 13, hanged herself after writing 'I hate my brother' on her arm following a row with her 18-year-old sibling who found her  Is this African love nest proof Harry’s about to pop the question? We present the compelling evidence that an engagement could be imminent  'I thought it was a hoax... that it was a cruel person playing a trick': Aaron Hernandez's fiancée breaks down in tears describing the moment she learned of his suicide Ready to roll! Melissa McCarthy brings Sean Spicer out of hiding as she is seen dressed as White House Press Secretary while driving a podium outside CNN offices for 'SNL' skit 'It's not as bad as you think': Caitlyn Jenner details gender reassignment surgery while revealing she still 'does not know' if she is attracted to women or men(and gets hit on by Larry King) Live-at-home daughter, 31, 'shoots her movie industry-worker dad dead in their $1.8m home after her parents try to kick her out - then says it was a home invader and blames her family for not locking doors'  'You are paddle-boarding next to approximately 15 great white sharks': Scary moment chopper tells California beachgoers to calmly exit the water  Charges are dismissed against wealthy Manhattan couple accused of raping woman, 23, in violent drug-fueled threesome at Sundance film festival as court decides sex was consensual  Michelle Obama slams Trump while speaking at health summit and promises she and Barack are 'not gone, just breathing' Mysterious hacking collective called 'The Shadow Brokers' stole NSA superweapon and caused global cyber attack that has shut hospitals, hit FedEx and is causing chaos in 99 countries  EXCLUSIVE: Kim Kardashian's bottom would be too big! Miss BumBum organisers ban 43 INCH wide behinds as Brazil's search for the queen of sexy backsides goes 'classic and elegant' US still boasts the most powerful military in the world, spending almost three times as much as Russia and China COMBINED, according to new global rankings of armed forces  'It was magical': Wife of eccentric cybersecurity millionaire John McAfee opens up about their first meeting - when he hired her as a prostitute while on the run from murder accusations 'The communications team s*** the bed on the Comey firing ... If I worked there I'd be dialing up my attorney': Trump insider reveals 'chaos' inside White House after FBI firing Bring it on! Sacked FBI boss Comey would WELCOME published tapes of his talks with Trump, his friends say – as Spicer refuses to deny they exist EXCLUSIVE - 'My son is innocent': Mom of Penn State frat boy, 21, charged over hazing death breaks silence - but NO parents offer sympathy to family of victim What $1million buys you in 30 cities across America: From the 11-bedroom row house in Baltimore to a 750sq ft one-bedroom apartment in New York’s SoHo district Has the mystery of the naked man smiling atop of a dead shark been solved? Florida sports anchor claims he is an ex-NYPD cop MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
50° Subscribe Chicago News Sports Podcasts Politics Entertainment Columnists Opinion Lifestyles Autos Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Jobs Subscribe More Chicago For J.B. Pritzker, mansion’s disrepair has saved $230K in taxes Chicago News One-time ‘rising star’ in Chicago mob: ‘I do say prayers’ Chicago News Vest saves CPD officer, woman critically wounded in West Side shootout Chicago A look inside the watch list Chicago police fought to keep secret Business Amazon adding 2,000 Illinois jobs, key recruiter an ex-Chicagoan Chicago News Salon owner Carrie Dee Coleman, hired by Soft-Sheen, dead at 77 Baseball Cubs superfan ‘Woo Woo’ says team kicked him out of Wrigley Field Chicago Dorothy Brown sang firm’s praises, now mum on her bosses’ fraud rap Baseball Who’s next? Guessing which Chicago stars get a statue is tricky Chicago City Hall shuffle: Budget director leaves, water commissioner fired Chicago News Back News Home Crime Education Opinion Transportation Business Chicago Sneed Feature Stories The Watchdogs Homicide Watch Koschman Weather Sports Back Sports Home Rick Morrissey Rick Telander White Sox Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs Outdoors High School Sports Colleges Fire Steve Greenberg Ladd Biro Dale Bowman Jeff Agrest Podcasts Politics Back Politics Home Chicago Springfield Washington Lynn Sweet Entertainment Back Entertainment Home Architecture & Design Art Games Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Rich Roeper Books Things to do Comedy Dance Movies Music Reviews Stage Television Columnists Back Dale Bowman Rick Morrissey Rick Telander Steve Greenberg Dan Mihalopoulos Jeff Agrest Lynn Sweet Rich Roeper Bill Zwecker Hedy Weiss Neil Steinberg Mark Brown Mary Mitchell Sneed Shia Kapos Opinion Back Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor S. E. Cupp Madeleine Doubek John Fountain Marlen Garcia Jesse Jackson Gene Lyons Phil Kadner Sue Ontiveros Andy Shaw Roger Simon Laura Washington Other Views Lifestyles Back Lifestyles Home Well Travel Horoscopes Relationship Advice Dear Abby Autos Back Autos Home Obits Featured Obits Classifieds Back Classifieds Real Estate Autos Jobs Back Monster Subscribe Back Manage Account Subscriptions Newsletters Today’s E-Paper Paper Finder TV Weekly Order Back Issues NIE More Back Advertise with Us Search Archives Licensing Order Photos Newsroom Internships About Us Contact Us About Native Ads Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads Sponsored Content News Amazon adding 2,000 Illinois jobs, key recruiter an ex-Chicagoan Chicago News 05/12/2017, 08:00am Kathleen Carroll at Amazon's Chicago headquarters. | James Foster / Sun-Times Sandra Guy - For the Sun-Times email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up Kathleen Carroll was a Marine Corps platoon commander in Kuwait and Iraq. Now, Carroll, who grew up in Lincolnshire, heads Amazon’s recruitment efforts, which keeps her about as busy. Amazon plans to hire 2,000 Illinois workers over the next 14 months, pushing the online retail giant’s employment statewide to 7,000, according to Caroll. The hiring for full-time jobs is to be spread across nine Amazon fulfillment centers, the company’s downtown corporate office at 227 W. Monroe, its Lake View bookstore, an AmazonFresh site and a University of Illinois-Chicago campus pickup service. The fulfillment centers in the Chicago area are on Goose Island and in Joliet and Romeoville, with two more in Aurora and one each in Monee and Waukegan under construction. Carroll says building the company in Chicago has special meaning for her. Beside growing up in the suburbs, she lived at times as a young adult in Lincoln Park and downtown. “My roots go deep,” she says. “My paternal grandfather immigrated here when he was 15. He was of Irish descent, but he came here via his birthplace in Ottawa, Canada. Everyone knew him as Bill Carroll.” John William “Bill” Carroll was an Illinois legislator and founder of the Pickwick suburban newspaper chain that he sold to Pioneer Press in 1979. He got his start in the business when he bought the Park Ridge Advocate. That’s where he met Carroll’s paternal grandmother Carole Carroll, an editor there. “My parents also met at the Advocate,” Carroll says. “My father Mike Carroll started in sales and later was the publisher of 13 Pioneer Press papers. My mom was a journalist. “My maternal grandparents also lived in Chicago and Park Ridge, where they raised their seven children. My grandpa Jack was the former president and CEO of ILG Industries. My grandma Patsy was a real estate agent and super mom. I have a cousin, aunt and uncle on every corner of Chicago.” Carroll went from English literature major at Miami University in Ohio to teaching English as a second language in Costa Rica to Marine Corps officer training. She met with Drew B. Davis, who was an executive with Pioneer Press and the Sun-Times and brigadier general who, as a reservist, was mobilized as director of Marine Corps public affairs at the Pentagon. He suggested the Marine Corps “since I was looking to build a career founded in service,” Carroll says. “Making it through officer candidate school was the hardest 10-week job interview I’ve ever had.” A foot injury delayed Carroll’s next phase of training and prompted a career choice. “I was fascinated by the U.S. State Department and by Washington, D.C., and I was offered a temporary assignment in the Pentagon’s public affairs division for a few months,” she says. She started about a week after 9/11. After working in the Pentagon, Carroll was a logistics officer and led a landing support platoon. “We were positioned in Iraq at an old airfield,” she says. “We had to provide a safe structure so that airplanes and helicopters could get in and out. I wasn’t in a direct combat role, but there was a high level of risk all around us.” Carroll met husband Chris Kalafatis, a Cleveland native, shortly after 9/11 in Quantico, Va. “He was six months ahead of me in the Marine Corps’ officer training,” she says. “It was like something out of a movie.” Kalafatis, a former infantry and reconnaissance officer, works for JPMorgan in wealth management. “We got engaged a couple months after we started dating,” Carroll says. “We initially went to a justice of the peace to get married. Then, with our families with us, we were married at Old Saint Pat’s in 2003. Our wedding reception was at the Palmer House, and our rehearsal dinner was at the Parthenon since Chris is Greek. “Our first two years, we spent 50 days together because he spent over a year on a ship off the coast of Japan. He also did three tours in Iraq.” The couple’s children — Sofia, 12, Gus, 9, and Hank, 7 — were born at Camp Pendleton in Oceanside, Calif., where they were stationed. “When we moved to the Seattle area for Chris’ work, Amazon reached out to me with an operations leadership role,” Carroll says. She started there in 2011 and is also finishing her MBA at the University of Washington. Apart from work, Carroll is a “huge” Cubs fan. “My grandpa Jack had four tickets to Cubs games as long as I can remember,” she says. “He’d rotate taking all of us grandkids to Cubs games.” READ MORE: • Amazon gives Echo a touch screen, video calling, May 9, 2017 • Jewel-Osco to start offering online ordering, new boss says, May 7, 2017 Previously from Chicago News City Hall shuffle: Budget director leaves, water commissioner fired A look inside the watch list Chicago police fought to keep secret CPS success story: Lindblom students heading to Harvard, Stanford, MIT Cubs superfan 'Woo Woo' says team kicked him out of Wrigley Field Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: Serviceman resists offer to pick up his tab bears Mitch Trubisky on 1st Bears practice: ‘They wanna see me run the show’ – Chicago Sun-Times chicago City Hall shuffle: Budget director leaves, water commissioner fired chicago A look inside the watch list Chicago police fought to keep secret baseball Cubs superfan 'Woo Woo' says team kicked him out of Wrigley Field × Search CAPTION Post to Cancel
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rockwell Automation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Joseph P. Ujobai Sells 30,000 Shares of SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Stock Keith D. Nosbusch Sells 10,000 Shares of Rockwell Automation (ROK) Stock Insider Selling: Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) COO Sells $1,758,733.75 in Stock Insider Buying: Westshore Terminals Investment Corp (WTE) Insider Buys C$1,816,000.00 in Stock Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) SVP Sells $1,428,000.00 in Stock Standard Life (SLFPF) Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada to Outperform YY Inc (YY) Given “Hold” Rating at Nomura Redwood Trust, Inc. (RWT) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Civista Bancshares’ (CIVB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Nomura Morgan Stanley Increases Sempra Energy (SRE) Price Target to $130.00 Credit Suisse Group AG Boosts Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) Price Target to $95.00 Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.44 Boingo Wireless (WIFI) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.19 Washington Federal (WAFD) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23 EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Price Target Increased to $90.00 by Analysts at Wedbush CU Bancorp (CUNB) Stock Rating Upgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Oppenheimer Holdings Research Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) Sun Life Financial Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share (SLF) Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Rating Lowered to Buy at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Keith D. Nosbusch Sells 10,000 Shares of Rockwell Automation (ROK) Stock May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) Director Keith D. Nosbusch sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $157.00, for a total transaction of $1,570,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 411,286 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $64,571,902. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) opened at 156.87 on Friday. Rockwell Automation has a 52 week low of $107.17 and a 52 week high of $165.00. The company’s 50 day moving average is $154.97 and its 200-day moving average is $143.99. The firm has a market cap of $20.21 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.18 and a beta of 1.07. Rockwell Automation (NYSE:ROK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The industrial products company reported $1.55 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.40 by $0.15. The company had revenue of $1.55 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.48 billion. Rockwell Automation had a net margin of 12.77% and a return on equity of 38.57%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 7.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business earned $1.37 EPS. Equities analysts expect that Rockwell Automation will post $6.64 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 12th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.76 per share. This represents a $3.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.94%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. Rockwell Automation’s dividend payout ratio is currently 52.23%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/keith-d-nosbusch-sells-10000-shares-of-rockwell-automation-rok-stock.html. ROK has been the subject of several research reports. Gabelli downgraded shares of Rockwell Automation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $150.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “hold” rating and issued a $145.00 price target on shares of Rockwell Automation in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on shares of Rockwell Automation from $144.00 to $166.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated a “hold” rating on shares of Rockwell Automation in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Morgan Stanley boosted their price target on shares of Rockwell Automation from $153.00 to $167.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company. Rockwell Automation has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $141.50. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Rockwell Automation by 5.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,673,347 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $762,494,000 after buying an additional 275,293 shares in the last quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Rockwell Automation by 0.6% in the third quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC now owns 4,671,449 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $571,504,000 after buying an additional 26,727 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Rockwell Automation during the fourth quarter valued at $201,190,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Rockwell Automation by 231.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,377,769 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $214,532,000 after buying an additional 961,760 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its position in shares of Rockwell Automation by 6.7% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 1,242,464 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $193,464,000 after buying an additional 77,671 shares in the last quarter. 72.56% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Rockwell Automation Rockwell Automation, Inc (Rockwell Automation) is a provider of industrial automation power, control and information solutions for manufacturers. The Company operates through two segments: Architecture & Software and Control Products & Solutions. The Architecture & Software segment contains various hardware, software and communication components of the Company’s integrated control and information architecture capable of controlling the customer’s industrial processes and connecting with their manufacturing enterprise. Receive News & Ratings for Rockwell Automation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rockwell Automation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Amid FBI fallout, Trump escalates war against media and Comey Senate panel investigating Russia outraged by Comey firing NSA-created cyber tool spawns global attacks — and victims include Russia Will Trump Be the First to Politicize the FBI? The Secret Weapon Democrats Don’t Know How to Use Trump’s attempt to fix the Comey crisis made it worse Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Trump's remarkable Economist interview By Ben White and Aubree Eliza Weaver 05/12/17 08:00 AM EDT TRUMP’S REMARKABLE ECONOMIST INTERVIEW — Overwhelming tide of President Trump news on Wednesday including his remarkable interview with NBC’s Lester Holt in which he flat out admitted the investigation into his 2016 campaign was part of the reason he fired FBI Director James Comey. But Trump’s interview with The Economist also included lots of news including the president and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin saying they would like to keep the corporate interest deduction in the tax code, putting them at odds with House Republicans led by Paul Ryan and Kevin Brady. Story Continued Below “[W]e're contemplating keeping it. That's our preference. But we'll look at everything,” Mnuchin said. Trump added: “[I]t hasn't been determined yet, but we're contemplating." The interest deduction is heavily favored by the real estate and private equity industries, which are well-represented in the Trump White House. On NAFTA, Trump blustered but had no real answer on what he wants out of any renegotiation. He also remarkably claimed credit for inventing the phrase “priming the pump” during a discussion of tax cuts that boost the deficit. This phrase has been associated with Keynesian economics for many decades. Here’s a cartoon from 1933 (h/t Neil Irwin) that shows how the metaphor was used during the Great Depression. BUT THE MOST AMAZING THING WAS THIS from Trump saying his election caused the Chinese to stop devaluing its currency and Mnuchin agreeing with him! Trump: “You know, since I’ve been talking about currency manipulation with respect to them and other countries, they stopped.” Mnuchin: “Right, as soon as the president got elected they went the other way.” This is simply not right. China largely stopped holding down its currency in 2014. A Treasury spokesman did not return MM’s email seeking an explanation for these comments. Full economist interview. THEN IN HIS NBC INTERVIEW … Trump blew out all the previous White House explanations of his Comey firing (just taking the recommendation of the top two Justice Department officials) and said he had already made the decision and it was at least in part due to the investigation of his campaign’s alleged ties to Russia. TRUMP FROM THE INTERVIEW — “Regardless of recommendation, I was going to fire Comey … And in fact, when I decided to just do it, I said to myself, ‘You know, this Russia thing with Trump and Russia is a made up story. It’s an excuse by the Democrats for having lost an election that they should have won. This was an excuse for having lost the election.” Read more. MM is no lawyer but is this not the president of the United States saying he fired the FBI director in part because he didn’t like the FBI’s investigation into allegations that the president’s campaign colluded with a foreign power to impact the 2016 election? If it’s not we welcome your thoughts on what it actually is. bwhite@politico.com POLLS are not looking good for Trump. Per NBC: “A majority of Americans (54 percent) think President Trump’s dismissal of FBI Director James Comey was not appropriate (38 percent say it was appropriate). “46 percent think President Trump fired Comey due to his handling of the Russia investigation, another 24 percent think the dismissal was due to the Clinton email investigation and 22 percent said it was something else. 55 percent say President Trump’s dismissal of Comey makes them less confident that the Russian investigation will be conducted fairly; 36 percent said it makes them more confident” BEWARE THE WATERGATE BEAR MARKET — Reuters Breakingviews’ Rob Cox: “If the Comey affair really is anything like its 1970s antecedent, then investors are dangerously complacent. From the start of the acute phase of the Watergate scandal, just before Congress created a select committee to look into the Nixon camp’s activities during the 1972 election, to the aftermath of his resignation, the Dow Jones Industrial average dropped 40 percent … “Nixon’s misdeeds were not the sole reason for the decline, but there’s no doubt he and his administration were distracted and, as a result, failed to provide leadership that might otherwise have mitigated the fallout from the Yom Kippur war and post-Bretton Woods financial-market turmoil” Read more. GOOD FRIDAY MORNING — Happy weekend everyone. Email me on bwhite@politico.com and follow me on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Eliza Weaver on aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Lorraine Woellert on Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s clash with FHFA Director Mel Watt during Thursday’s Senate Banking Committee hearing. To get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m., please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 or info@politicopro.com. DRIVING THE DAY — President Trump this morning meets with National Security Advisor H. R. McMaster and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn … Consumer Prices at 8:30 a.m. expected to rise 0.2 percent headline and core … Retail Sales at 8:30 a.m. expected to rise 0.6 percent headline and 0.5 percent ex-autos … Univ. Michigan Consumer Sentiment at 10:00 a.m. expected to dip to 97.0 from 98.0 … PHILLIPS DUE MILLIONS FROM CREDIT SUISSE — POLITICO’s Zachary Warmbrodt: “A Treasury Department official who is key to … Trump's efforts to deregulate the financial industry may receive millions in deferred compensation in coming years from Credit Suisse, where he once worked, disclosures show. “A financial disclosure form submitted by Craig Phillips, a senior Treasury official, indicates that the agreements with the Swiss bank date back to the 1980s. Phillips joined Treasury early this year as a counselor to Secretary Steven Mnuchin and is taking a lead role in the administration's plans to overhaul bank regulations and address the housing-finance system” Read more. ** A message from the Secure Family Coalition: President Trump directed the Department of Labor to re-examine the fiduciary regulation and ensure it doesn’t harm Americans saving for retirement. A recent study found that the regulation could increase consumer costs by $46.6 billion. DOL must protect retirement savers and fully delay the regulation until a review is complete. http://bit.ly/2a2I0zy ** LIGHTHIZER APPROVED — POLITICO’s Megan Cassella: “Robert Lighthizer won Senate approval Thursday to become … Trump's top trade envoy, finalizing after nearly four months the team dedicated to what has become one of the president's signature policy issues. “Lighthizer, a former deputy U.S. trade representative who has spent the last two decades defending the domestic steel industry from allegedly unfair foreign competition, was confirmed by a vote of 82-14 after a staggering series of procedural delays in Congress — even though his nomination was relatively uncontroversial” Read more. MEET THE NEC’S TAX GURU — Bloomberg Businessweek’s Lynnley Browning: “On April 21 … Trump surprised his top advisers when he told the Associated Press that a tax plan would be coming in five days. Among the White House and Treasury Department staffers responsible for quickly putting together the one-page, bullet-point outline released on April 26 was Shahira Knight, special assistant to Trump for tax and retirement policy. “An economist, Knight, 46, works at the National Economic Council, where she’s one of the few senior people with a tax background. A former House Ways and Means Committee staffer, she also knows her way around Congress. That experience could come in handy as the administration tries to push through an ambitious tax overhaul.” Read more. HOW NAFTA COULD CHANGE — Get smart fast with this primer from POLITICO’s Megan Cassella, Adam Behsudi and Doug Palmer. MAKING THE OCC GREAT AGAIN? — Cap Alpha’s Ian Katz: “It didn’t take … Trump long to make the OCC interesting again. The Wall Street Journal is reporting that acting OCC chief Keith Noreika said in an interview that ‘there could be things that could be done even by our agency unilaterally if we had to,’ such as ‘reinterpreting what is proprietary trading.’ “Noreika said the ‘ultimate problem with the Volcker rule is no one knows what prop trading is.’ His attitude toward Volcker should be seen as a positive for the big trading firms.” NEW AT TREASURY — POLITICO’s Aaron Lorenzo: “Trump officially nominated David Kautter to serve as the Treasury Department's assistant secretary for tax policy, according to a White House announcement … “He's been working most recently in the private sector, as partner-in-charge of the Washington National Tax practice for the audit, tax and consulting firm RSM US LLP. Immediately before that, Kautter was in academia at American University, following more than three decades at Ernst and Young.” Read more. MORE EX-IM DRAMA — POLITICO’s Zachary Warmbrodt: “Democrats are escalating their opposition to the appointment of former Rep. Scott Garrett to head the Export-Import Bank, with Sen. Heidi Heitkamp becoming the latest lawmaker to urge the White House to drop the nomination. “The North Dakota Democrat is one of the bank's most outspoken champions on Capitol Hill. She has had … Trump's ear when it comes to reviving the agency, which has been unable to approve deals larger than $10 million because the Senate has not confirmed nominees needed for a quorum” Read more. RETAIL’S DECLINE CONTINUES — FT’s Pan Kwan Yuk and Mamta Badkar: “Investors who have been hoping that American department stores will have a better start to the year following the annus horribilis of 2016 were left sorely disappointed on Thursday. Three chains — Macy’s, Kohl’s and Dillard’s — reported another quarter of steep declines in comparable sales, missing expectations and sending their shares sliding. “Macy’s shares tumbled 17 percent to its lowest level since August 2011 after it said its sales decline had entered a third year. Retailers are facing unprecedented upheaval amid falling mall traffic, shifting consumer shopping patterns that prioritise spending on recreation, and fierce competition from online stores and off-price retailers that offer branded goods at steep discounts. In response, companies are shuttering shops and shedding jobs at a pace not seen since the Great Recession.” Read more. BUT CONSUMER SPENDING IS JUST FINE — WSJ’s Steven Russolillo: “The American consumer is in a much better position than struggling department stores would suggest. Their share prices were pummeled again this week following several disappointing earnings reports. But just because people are spending less at these retailers doesn’t mean they aren’t spending at all. In fact, the opposite appears to be playing out. “Friday’s retail-sales report will likely show consumer spending rebounded swiftly in April following yet another difficult start to the year. Despite the expected rebound, though, people continue to be more judicious about what, where and how they buy things. That is further widening the divide between traditional brick-and-mortar retail and online shopping.” Read more. CHASE ONLINE BANKING EXPERIENCES OUTAGES — CNBC’s Elisabeth Butler Cordova: “JPMorgan Chase's online banking system suffered some outages Thursday evening. Customers could log into the bank's website or app, but they are unable to transfer money or pay bills online. Most disturbingly, Chase shows ‘N/A,’ where the account balances should be. “A customer service representative said debit cards should still work for purchase transactions, but she noted that the bank's website and app were out of service for the service team, as well. The representative told CNBC to call back ‘in a few hours.’” Read more. ASIA STOCKS FALL — Bloomberg’s Adam Haigh: “Asian stocks declined on concern about the appetite of U.S. consumers to keep spending, while bonds and gold held gains. Weakness in U.S. shares followed through to Japan, Australia and South Korea. Disappointing results from Macy’s Inc. and Kohl’s Corp. added to concerns that Americans continue to hold back from buying goods in the world’s largest economy, dragging the S&P 500 Index lower. Gold held gains as Australian government bonds tracked gains in Treasuries. Oil held close to $48 a barrel.” Read more. WELLS FARGO UNVEILS ADDITIONAL $2B IN COST SAVINGS — FT’s Alistair Gray: “Executives at Wells Fargo, the scandal-hit US bank, on Thursday unveiled deeper cost cuts, prompting criticism that workers are paying the price for C-suite mismanagement but also disappointing some investors for not going far enough. “Managers disclosed plans for an additional $2bn in annual savings to be delivered in less than three years, in effect doubling the size of an expense reduction programme they set out just four months ago. Presenting at Wells’ closely watched investor day in San Francisco, Tim Sloan, chief executive, described the bank’s expenses as ‘unacceptable’ after they rose 7 percent between 2014 and 2016, to $52bn.” Read more. And they’re also looking at mortgage deals again — Reuters’ Dan Freed: “Wells Fargo & Co, the largest U.S. mortgage lender, is hoping this year to sell bonds backed by mortgages without government guarantees for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis, the head of the bank's consumer lending division said on Thursday. “More than $1 trillion worth of mortgages were packaged into such securities each year in 2005 and 2006. But investors lost their appetite after large volumes of risky subprime mortgages backing such securities went bad, nearly bringing down the global financial system.” Read more. U.S., CHINA AGREE TO EXPAND CERTAIN EXPORTS — WSJ’s Christopher Matthews and Kate O’Keefe: “The U.S. and China have agreed on broad terms to grant U.S. natural gas exporters and certain other industries easier access to Chinese markets, according to people familiar with the matter. “The governments will release a joint diplomatic communiqué sometime this month aimed at rebalancing and increasing trade between the two countries, the people said. The document is the first product to come out of an agreement in April to increase U.S. exports to China, which has a large trade surplus with the U.S.” Read more. NEW YORK FED CHIEF WARS AGAINST ECONOMIC ISOLATIONISM — FT’s Sam Fleming: “Pursuing protectionist measures will take economies towards a ‘dead end’ with destructive results for their prosperity, a top Federal Reserve official said in some of the most forthright comments from the central bank in defence of the free trading system. “Against a background of warnings from Trump administration officials over trade deals they argue have been hurting US workers, William Dudley, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, warned that economic isolationism would do nothing to lift standards of living.” Read more. SNAP’S BIGGEST LOSER? MUTUAL FUNDS — Reuters’ Angela Moon and Ross Kerber: “The dramatic fall in Snap Inc. shares on Thursday following the company's disappointing first quarterly earnings report as a public company was likely costly for a wide range of mutual funds, including Fidelity's giant Contrafund. “On the other side of the ledger, short-sellers racked up about $191 million in profits on their Snap investments, according to data compiled by the financial analytics firm S3 Partners.” Read more. WALL STREET’S MAJOR PLAYERS MAY START LOOKING ELSEWHERE — Business Insider’s Frank Chaparro: “Since Donald Trump's victory in November, the US stock market has reached new highs. But many Wall Streeters think American equities have reached their ceiling. “During the March meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee, for example, a number of Fed leaders expressed concern about the high-price tag of US equities. Meanwhile, Larry Fink, the head of BlackRock, said in April he thought the markets are ‘probably higher than they should be.’ The high cost of US stocks has many Wall Streeters looking for more affordable markets.” Read more. ALSO FOR YOUR RADAR — NEW AT CITI — Rob Runyan, formerly of Treasury public affairs, is now handling government and regulatory affairs communications at Citigroup. BOSTON FED SPEAK — Boston Fed Prez Eric Rosengren sat down with WPRI-TV’s Ted Nesi to talk community outreach and the macroeconomic picture. See more. ICBA SENDS RECS TO TREASURY — ICBA on Thursday sent recommendations to Treasury to boost economic growth. See them here. ** A message from the Secure Family Coalition: President Trump directed the Department of Labor to re-examine the fiduciary regulation and ensure it doesn’t harm Americans saving for retirement. An April 2017 study released by the American Action Forum found that the regulation has the potential to increase consumer costs by $46.6 billion, or $813 per IRA account holder. We need to do better for individuals working hard to save for retirement. America’s life insurers, agents, and brokers look forward to working with Labor Secretary Acosta, the administration, Congress, and the states on policies that ensure continued consumer access to retirement information and lifetime income products for a secure retirement. Secretary Acosta and the Department of Labor need to act promptly and fully delay the fiduciary regulation until a thorough, impartial review is complete. http://bit.ly/2a2I0zy ** « View Archives Authors: Ben White bwhite@politico.com @morningmoneyben Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Ben White is POLITICO Pro's chief economic correspondent and author of the “Morning Money” column covering the nexus of finance and public policy. Prior to joining POLITICO in the fall of 2009, Mr. White served as a Wall Street reporter for the New York Times, where he shared a Society of Business Editors and Writers award for breaking news coverage of the financial crisis. From 2005 to 2007, White was Wall Street correspondent and U.S. Banking Editor at the Financial Times. White worked at the Washington Post for nine years before joining the FT. He served as national political researcher and research assistant to columnist David S. Broder and later as Wall Street correspondent. White, a 1994 graduate of Kenyon College, has two sons and lives in New York City. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Schiff demands Trump turn over Comey 'tapes' The Secret Weapon Democrats Don’t Know How to Use Amid FBI fallout, Trump escalates war against media and Comey Dems escalate talk of Trump impeachment GOP senators won't buck Trump on Comey firing Spicer’s make-or-break briefing Texas Southern cancels Cornyn’s commencement address Senate GOP making tax credits look more like … Obamacare New York Times publisher sends personal appeal to those who canceled over Bret Stephens Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Friday, 5/12/17 Thursday, 5/11/17 Wednesday, 5/10/17 Tuesday, 5/9/17 Monday, 5/8/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Why the U.S. Is Right to Invest in Nuclear Weapons By Gen. Dave Goldfein and Gen. Robin Rand 5 Questions About James Comey’s Firing, Answered By Asha Rangappa Russia’s Oval Office Victory Dance By Susan B. Glasser No, Firing Comey Won’t Prove Trump’s Undoing By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 12 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 7 Best Vanguard Funds for the Return of Volatility Shutterstock photo InvestorPlace – Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips Volatility has come to a screeching halt, you say? Sure. But while volatility admittedly is at multiyear lows, stocks are trading at all-time highs just as summer seasonality is fast approaching. Translation: Now is a good time to start looking for the best Vanguard funds for a volatile market, which could be lurking just around the corner. Why Vanguard funds for volatility? The vast majority of mutual fund investors are of the long-term variety, and „time in the market” is a smarter bet than „timing the market” for superior returns in the long run. Just as important, Vanguard’s broad selection of low-cost funds with simple, diversified portfolios are a good fit for almost any investor looking to minimize volatility. Vanguard doesn’t offer funds with complex trading strategies, such as put options and futures contracts; therefore, investors can play it smart and minimize risk through diversification rather than taking more market risk to hedge it away. With those points in mind, here are the seven best Vanguard funds for a volatile market. Best Vanguard Funds for a Volatile Market: Vanguard Global Minimum Volatility (VMVFX) Source: Shutterstock Expenses: 0.25%, or $25 annually for every $10,000 invested Minimum Initial Investment: $3,000 Investors looking to minimize risk through diversification in stocks of companies around the globe can consider holding Vanguard Global Minimum Volatility (MUTF: VMVFX ). VMVFX diversifies its holdings by investing in U.S. stocks and non-U.S. stocks that the fund management believes possess lower risk characteristics than relative market indices. The global allocation is 59% U.S. stocks, with the remainder in the Pacific (17%), Europe (16%), emerging markets (8%) and the Middle East (trace). Top holdings in the portfolio are stocks in the mid- to large-cap range, so companies like RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd.  (NYSE: RNR ), Waste Management, Inc. (NYSE: WM ), and HDFC Bank Limited (ADR) (NYSE: HDB ), although the fund also holds small caps. Investors should keep in mind that, although VMVFX will typically outperform the average global fund in a down market, the fund will typically underperform in a rising market. Best Vanguard Funds for a Volatile Market: Vanguard Balanced Index (VBINX) Source: Shutterstock Expenses: 0.19% Minimum Initial Investment: $3,000 Simple, low-cost funds that hold a broadly diversified balance of stocks and bonds are a smart way for investors to minimize risk in a volatile market. One of the best funds to do this job is Vanguard Balanced Index (MUTF: VBINX ). The VBINX portfolio consists of approximately 60% stocks and 40% bonds, with each portion tracking an index. The stock side includes large-cap stocks like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , GOOGL ) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ). It’s as stability-minded as you could want, with a median market cap of nearly $60 billion. The fixed-income portion consists primarily of government and high-quality corporate debt, averaging intermediate-term. VBINX can work as a standalone fund for investors with a moderate risk tolerance, or it can work as a core holding in a portfolio with other funds. Best Vanguard Funds for a Volatile Market: Vanguard Tax-Managed Balanced (VTMFX) Source: Shutterstock Expenses: 0.09% Minimum Initial Investment: $10,000 Investors with taxable accounts can minimize taxes and volatility at the same time through tax-efficient diversification with funds like Vanguard Tax-Managed Balanced (MUTF: VTMFX ). VTMFX balances risk by allocating about 50% of fund assets to stocks and the other 50% to municipal bonds, which are exempt from federal income tax. Although the top stock holdings are mega-caps like Apple, Microsoft and Alphabet, and the median market cap leans even bigger at more than $70 billion, the fund also includes mid-cap stocks for some added diversification. They also provide lower dividend payments (relative to large caps), minimizing the tax hit. So with VTMFX, investors get a rare combination of low expenses, broad diversification, and tax-efficiency. That’s a smart blend for volatile times. Best Vanguard Funds for a Volatile Market: Vanguard Wellesley Income (VWINX) Source: 401(K) 2012 via Flickr (Modified) Expenses: 0.22% Minimum Initial Investment: $3,000 Perhaps the most reliable mutual fund type to minimize volatility is a conservative allocation fund.  Vanguard Wellesley Income (MUTF: VWINX ) is that, and one of the best Vanguard funds on the market period. The VWINX portfolio consists of roughly one-third stocks and two-thirds bonds, which makes it more conservative than most balanced funds. The portfolio blend currently results in a yield of about 2.7%. The stocks are mostly quality large-caps like Microsoft, JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM ) and Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC ). In fact, you could consider it mega-cap, with an average stock size of roughly $125 billion. The fixed-income side includes nearly 1,000 bonds that are investment-grade quality or higher. One word of caution about VWINX: Its heavy bond allocation can pull performance below category averages when stock prices and interest rates are both rising. Best Vanguard Funds for a Volatile Market: Vanguard Wellington (VWELX) Source: Pixabay Expenses: 0.25% Minimum Initial Investment: $3,000 Investors looking for a low-cost moderate allocation balanced fund that’s also actively managed probably won’t find better than Vanguard Wellington (MUTF: VWELX ). On the surface, VWELX looks like almost any top-notch balanced fund. But this fund’s distinctive quality is that it’s the oldest mutual fund in the Vanguard lineup. In fact, it’s the oldest balanced fund on the market. VWELX has an asset allocation of approximately two-thirds stocks and one-third bonds. Like the majority of the best balanced funds, the top equity holdings are high-quality stocks like MSFT, JPM and Chevron (NYSE: CVX ). This fund skews heavily toward financials, at about a quarter of the fund. The bonds cover the spectrum of fixed income, but the average quality is investment-grade and the average duration is intermediate-term. Best Vanguard Funds for a Volatile Market: Vanguard Precious Metals and Mining (VGPMX) Source: Shutterstock Expenses: 0.35% Minimum Initial Investment: $3,000 When the market turns volatile, the investor herd often turns to the perceived safety of physical assets like gold. The Vanguard mutual fund to take advantage of this potential opportunity is Vanguard Precious Metals and Mining (MUTF: VGPMX ). Although VGPMX does not invest directly in gold or other precious metals, it does hold stocks of stocks – such as Franco Nevada Corp (NYSE: FNV ), Barrick Gold Corp (USA) (NYSE: ABX ) – and Newmont Mining Corp (NYSE: NEM ) – that are involved in the precious metals mining industries. Funds that are exposed to gold and other precious metals can be good diversification tools, which is to say that an allocation of 5% to 10% in a portfolio can be smart, but larger allocations can create excessive market risk for an investor. Best Vanguard Funds for a Volatile Market: Vanguard Total Stock Market Index (VTSMX) Source: Shutterstock Expenses: 0.15% Minimum Initial Investment: $3,000 If you’re looking for broad diversification to spread out risk, one of the best mutual funds on the market today is Vanguard Total Stock Market Index (MUTF: VTSMX ). VTSMX provides exposure to more than 3,500 stocks spread across a broad range of equity sectors and market caps. And the rock-bottom expense ratio of 0.15% is a cheap way to capture the performance of the total U.S. stock market while keeping market risk to reasonable levels. Although most of the top holdings in VTSMX are large-caps like Microsoft, JPM and Chevron, the fund’s exposure to mid- and small caps makes it a bit higher in market risk compared to pure large-cap index like the S&P 500. However, as investors learned the hard way in the 2008 market meltdown, bear markets can hit the big boys harder than their smaller brethren. As of this writing, Kent Thune did not personally hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. His No. 1 holding is his privately held investment advisory firm.Under no circumstances does this information represent a recommendation to buy or sell securities. The post 7 Best Vanguard Funds for the Return of Volatility appeared first on InvestorPlace . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Veritone Announces Pricing of Initial Public Offering Next PostNext Retail TouchPoints Announces 2017 Retail Innovator Award Winners Search Recent Posts GINSMS Announces Financial Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Serinus Announces Receipt of EBRD Waiver MAG Silver Reports First Quarter Financial Results Alamos Gold Announces Results of the Annual General Meeting of Shareholders Epsilon Reports First Quarter 2017 Results RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Has $6.785 Million Stake in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Nationwide Fund Advisors Invests $8.77 Million in Bunge Ltd (BG) Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Shares Bought by Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Stake Reduced by Nationwide Fund Advisors LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Stake Decreased by Retirement Systems of Alabama Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 3,138 Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Boosts Stake in Nike Inc (NKE) Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Shares Bought by Nationwide Fund Advisors U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Sold by Monarch Capital Management Inc. Apollo Senior Floating Rate Fund (AFT) Earning Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Anthem (ANTM) 2U Inc (TWOU) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Strong-Buy” Rating for Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (TSEM) Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Reaches New 1-Year Low on Disappointing Earnings Gladstone Commercial Co. (GOOD) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.44 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts TransAlta Co. (TA) Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share Unilever NV (UN) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.58 Per Share Nationwide Fund Advisors Invests $8.77 Million in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Nationwide Fund Advisors acquired a new position in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor acquired 110,647 shares of the basic materials company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,770,000. Nationwide Fund Advisors owned approximately 0.08% of Bunge at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. Sunbelt Securities Inc. acquired a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter worth about $144,000. Sciencast Management LP acquired a new stake in Bunge during the fourth quarter worth about $208,000. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. increased its stake in Bunge by 846.2% in the first quarter. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 2,952 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $234,000 after buying an additional 2,640 shares in the last quarter. Atria Investments LLC increased its stake in Bunge by 6.3% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 3,428 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $272,000 after buying an additional 202 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Parametrica Management Ltd acquired a new stake in Bunge during the first quarter worth about $277,000. 78.49% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) opened at 70.15 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $76.73 and a 200 day moving average of $72.87. Bunge Ltd has a 12 month low of $56.69 and a 12 month high of $82.66. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.85 billion, a PE ratio of 18.62 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The company had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.41 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a dividend of $0.42 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.39%. Bunge’s payout ratio is presently 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/nationwide-fund-advisors-invests-8-77-million-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. A number of analysts have issued reports on the stock. Stephens downgraded shares of Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a report on Friday, May 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Bunge from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 target price for the company in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Bunge has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $76.14. In other Bunge news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $440,284.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares in the company, valued at $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kimberly Clark Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Has $6.785 Million Stake in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Nationwide Fund Advisors Invests $8.77 Million in Bunge Ltd (BG) Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (WBA) Shares Bought by Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Stake Reduced by Nationwide Fund Advisors LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Stake Decreased by Retirement Systems of Alabama Nationwide Fund Advisors Sells 3,138 Shares of Hospitality Properties Trust (HPT) Hudson Valley Investment Advisors Inc. ADV Boosts Stake in Nike Inc (NKE) Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Shares Bought by Nationwide Fund Advisors U.S. Bancorp (USB) Shares Sold by Monarch Capital Management Inc. Apollo Senior Floating Rate Fund (AFT) Earning Negative Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Anthem (ANTM) 2U Inc (TWOU) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Strong-Buy” Rating for Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (TSEM) Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Reaches New 1-Year Low on Disappointing Earnings Gladstone Commercial Co. (GOOD) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.44 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts TransAlta Co. (TA) Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share Unilever NV (UN) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.58 Per Share Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Has $6.785 Million Stake in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. reduced its position in Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) by 2.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 51,545 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,105 shares during the period. Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc.’s holdings in Kimberly Clark Corp were worth $6,785,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Zions Bancorporation raised its position in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 8.6% in the fourth quarter. Zions Bancorporation now owns 971 shares of the company’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 77 shares during the period. Capital Analysts LLC raised its position in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 25.2% in the fourth quarter. Capital Analysts LLC now owns 995 shares of the company’s stock worth $114,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Pinnacle Bank acquired a new position in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp during the first quarter worth $162,000. Cascade Investment Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp during the fourth quarter worth $148,000. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC raised its position in shares of Kimberly Clark Corp by 9.7% in the first quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,381 shares of the company’s stock worth $173,000 after buying an additional 122 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 68.65% of the company’s stock. Shares of Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) opened at 128.11 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $45.47 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.14 and a beta of 0.65. Kimberly Clark Corp has a 12-month low of $111.30 and a 12-month high of $138.87. The company has a 50-day moving average of $131.09 and a 200 day moving average of $122.89. Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, April 24th. The company reported $1.57 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.54 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $4.48 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.50 billion. Kimberly Clark Corp had a return on equity of 614.22% and a net margin of 11.90%. The business’s revenue was up .2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.53 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Kimberly Clark Corp will post $6.28 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a $0.97 dividend. This represents a $3.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.03%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, June 7th. Kimberly Clark Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 61.54%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Has $6.785 Million Stake in Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/ferguson-wellman-capital-management-inc-has-6-785-million-stake-in-kimberly-clark-corp-kmb.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the company. Vetr lowered Kimberly Clark Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $139.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Zacks Investment Research raised Kimberly Clark Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $150.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Kimberly Clark Corp in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $139.00 target price for the company. Jefferies Group LLC assumed coverage on Kimberly Clark Corp in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $134.00 target price for the company. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $121.00 target price on shares of Kimberly Clark Corp in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $133.50. In other news, SVP Sandra Macquillan sold 5,081 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $129.82, for a total value of $659,615.42. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 5,364 shares in the company, valued at $696,354.48. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 0.58% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Kimberly Clark Corp Kimberly-Clark Corporation is engaged in the manufacturing and marketing of a range of products made from natural or synthetic fibers. The Company’s segments include Personal Care, Consumer Tissue, K-C Professional and Corporate & Other. The Company’s Personal Care segment offers various solutions and products, such as disposable diapers, training and youth pants, swimpants, baby wipes, feminine and incontinence care products, and other related products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding KMB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Kimberly Clark Corp (NYSE:KMB). Receive News & Ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kimberly Clark Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Trade Desk Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trade Desk Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 2U Inc (TWOU) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Strong-Buy” Rating for Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (TSEM) Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Cantor Fitzgerald Fifth Street Finance Corp. (FSC) Reaches New 1-Year Low on Disappointing Earnings Gladstone Commercial Co. (GOOD) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 17th Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd (LIQ) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $0.44 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts TransAlta Co. (TA) Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share Unilever NV (UN) Forecasted to Post FY2017 Earnings of $2.58 Per Share Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $3.21 Per Share, Cantor Fitzgerald Forecasts FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Waters Co. Issued By Cantor Fitzgerald (WAT) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Zagg Inc (ZAGG) to Hold Zillow Group, Inc. (ZG) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research West Corp (WSTC) Rating Lowered to Hold at Deutsche Bank AG Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Viavi Solutions Inc (VIAV) to Hold Morgan Stanley Initiates Coverage on Yext Inc (YEXT) vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Orbital ATK Inc (OA) Stake Decreased by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Trade Desk Inc (NASDAQ:TTD) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “The Trade Desk, Inc. is a provider of technology platform for advertising. The company through self-service, cloud-based platform, ad buyers create, manage and optimize data-driven digital advertising campaigns which includes display, video, audio, native and social, on a multitude of devices, such as computers, mobile devices and connected TV. It operates primarily in the United States, Europe and Asia. The Trade Desk, Inc. is headquartered in Ventura, CA. “ Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the company. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on Trade Desk from $32.00 to $48.00 and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Vetr raised Trade Desk from a sell rating to a buy rating and set a $40.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald reissued an overweight rating and issued a $40.00 price objective (up from $30.00) on shares of Trade Desk in a research report on Sunday, February 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $37.33. Trade Desk (NASDAQ:TTD) opened at 39.89 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.56 billion. Trade Desk has a 1-year low of $22.00 and a 1-year high of $46.21. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $37.42 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.41. Trade Desk (NASDAQ:TTD) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 11th. The technology company reported $0.18 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.01 by $0.17. The business had revenue of $53.40 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $43.30 million. Trade Desk’s revenue was up 75.7% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Trade Desk will post $0.83 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/trade-desk-inc-ttd-raised-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, Director Kathryn E. Falberg bought 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $43.38 per share, with a total value of $867,600.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 40,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,735,200. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, COO Robert David Perdue sold 7,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.00, for a total value of $300,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 83,360 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,334,400. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 6,039,629 shares of company stock valued at $216,610,432 over the last ninety days. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of TTD. Founder Collective GP LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Trade Desk during the fourth quarter worth approximately $121,420,000. Wellington Management Group LLP raised its stake in shares of Trade Desk by 2,223.5% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 3,437,494 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $128,047,000 after buying an additional 3,289,552 shares during the last quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. purchased a new stake in shares of Trade Desk during the first quarter worth approximately $70,071,000. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Trade Desk by 2,598.3% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,397,700 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $52,064,000 after buying an additional 1,345,900 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Trade Desk by 33.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 709,520 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $26,431,000 after buying an additional 178,016 shares during the last quarter. 53.22% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Trade Desk The Trade Desk, Inc is a technology company. The Company provides a self-service platform that enables clients to purchase and manage digital advertising campaigns across various advertising formats, including display, video and social, and on a range of devices, including computers, mobile devices and connected television. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Trade Desk (TTD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Trade Desk Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trade Desk Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PennantPark Investment Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PennantPark Investment Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for PennantPark Investment Corp. Reduced by Analyst (PNNT) Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Position Cut by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Shares Sold by First Financial Corp IN Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $1.195 Million Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Wendys Co (WEN) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) to “Buy” Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 90 Shares of UniFirst Corp (UNF) Boston Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $658,000 Position in Cree, Inc. (CREE) Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) Position Boosted by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Canaccord Genuity Warrior Met Coal (HCC) Now Covered by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on Yext Inc (YEXT) QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Altria Group Inc (MO) Position Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Cwm LLC Sells 913 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for PennantPark Investment Corp. Reduced by Analyst (PNNT) May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet PennantPark Investment Corp. (NASDAQ:PNNT) – Research analysts at DA Davidson reduced their Q3 2017 EPS estimates for shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. in a report issued on Tuesday. DA Davidson analyst A. Cyganovich now forecasts that the asset manager will post earnings of $0.20 per share for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $0.21. DA Davidson also issued estimates for PennantPark Investment Corp.’s Q4 2017 earnings at $0.20 EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at $0.20 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.20 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.20 EPS, Q4 2018 earnings at $0.20 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $0.80 EPS. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. TheStreet downgraded shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $8.00 price target on shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. in a report on Thursday, March 16th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $8.50 price target on shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. in a report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services downgraded shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $7.89. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for PennantPark Investment Corp. Reduced by Analyst (PNNT)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/q3-2017-eps-estimates-for-pennantpark-investment-corp-reduced-by-analyst-pnnt.html. Shares of PennantPark Investment Corp. (NASDAQ:PNNT) opened at 7.84 on Wednesday. PennantPark Investment Corp. has a 52 week low of $6.10 and a 52 week high of $8.68. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $7.93 and a 200 day moving average price of $7.87. The company has a market capitalization of $557.11 million, a PE ratio of 6.68 and a beta of 1.22. PennantPark Investment Corp. (NASDAQ:PNNT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The asset manager reported $0.23 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $33.70 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $33.29 million. PennantPark Investment Corp. had a return on equity of 10.79% and a net margin of 51.21%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 13.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.29 earnings per share. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of PNNT. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. increased its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 58.8% in the fourth quarter. Burgundy Asset Management Ltd. now owns 2,869,904 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $21,983,000 after buying an additional 1,062,359 shares in the last quarter. Muzinich & Co. Inc. increased its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 67.2% in the first quarter. Muzinich & Co. Inc. now owns 2,186,589 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $17,799,000 after buying an additional 878,491 shares in the last quarter. LSV Asset Management increased its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 262.0% in the first quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 2,002,986 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $16,304,000 after buying an additional 1,449,656 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 5.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,900,325 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $15,469,000 after buying an additional 101,690 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Delphi Financial Group Inc. increased its stake in PennantPark Investment Corp. by 3.6% in the fourth quarter. Delphi Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,385,037 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $10,609,000 after buying an additional 48,365 shares in the last quarter. 35.40% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About PennantPark Investment Corp. PennantPark Investment Corporation is a closed-end, non-diversified investment company. The Company is a business development company. Its objectives are to generate both current income and capital appreciation while seeking to preserve capital through debt and equity investments primarily made to the United States middle-market companies in the form of senior secured debt, mezzanine debt and equity investments. Receive News & Ratings for PennantPark Investment Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PennantPark Investment Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MINDBODY Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MINDBODY Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Position Cut by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Shares Sold by First Financial Corp IN Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $1.195 Million Stake in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Wendys Co (WEN) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) to “Buy” Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 90 Shares of UniFirst Corp (UNF) Boston Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Boeing Co (BA) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $658,000 Position in Cree, Inc. (CREE) Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) Position Boosted by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fluor Co. (NEW) (FLR) Stock Rating Upgraded by Canaccord Genuity Warrior Met Coal (HCC) Now Covered by Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Begins Coverage on Yext Inc (YEXT) QTS Realty Trust Inc (QTS) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Altria Group Inc (MO) Position Boosted by Atria Investments LLC Cwm LLC Sells 913 Shares of Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Parametrica Management Ltd Invests $19 Million in Altria Group Inc (MO) Oceaneering International (OII) Position Raised by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research May 12th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet MINDBODY Inc (NASDAQ:MB) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “MINDBODY, Inc. develops cloud-based business management software and payments platform for the wellness services industry. Its platform enables businesses to manage class and appointment schedules, staff members, client information, online bookings, inventory, payroll and retail sales for yoga, Pilates, barre, indoor cycling, personal training, martial arts and dance exercise, as well as spas, salons, music instruction studios, dance studios, childrens activity center and integrative health centers. MINDBODY, Inc. is headquartered in San Luis Obispo, California. “ Several other analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. JMP Securities reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $32.00 price target on shares of MINDBODY in a research report on Monday, April 17th. Roth Capital set a $31.00 price target on shares of MINDBODY and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Imperial Capital increased their price target on shares of MINDBODY from $25.00 to $30.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Pacific Crest cut shares of MINDBODY from an “overweight” rating to a “sector weight” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price target on shares of MINDBODY from $27.00 to $31.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.44. MINDBODY (NASDAQ:MB) opened at 26.05 on Wednesday. MINDBODY has a 52-week low of $12.99 and a 52-week high of $29.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $27.31 and its 200-day moving average is $24.27. The stock’s market cap is $1.07 billion. MINDBODY (NASDAQ:MB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The technology company reported ($0.03) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.02. The business had revenue of $42.20 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $42.09 million. MINDBODY had a negative net margin of 16.53% and a negative return on equity of 22.49%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 31.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.12) earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that MINDBODY will post ($0.14) earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: “MINDBODY Inc (MB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/12/mindbody-inc-mb-stock-rating-lowered-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, major shareholder Luxor Capital Group, Lp bought 469,973 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $25.46 per share, for a total transaction of $11,965,512.58. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider Kimberly Gail Lytikainen sold 20,750 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $24.15, for a total transaction of $501,112.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 69,006 shares of company stock worth $1,822,192 over the last 90 days. Insiders own 30.62% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Luxor Capital Group LP raised its stake in MINDBODY by 1,168.8% in the fourth quarter. Luxor Capital Group LP now owns 4,167,998 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $88,778,000 after buying an additional 3,839,489 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in MINDBODY by 439.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,225,145 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $33,630,000 after buying an additional 998,004 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its stake in MINDBODY by 573.1% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,001,276 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $19,685,000 after buying an additional 852,515 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in MINDBODY by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 636,800 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $13,564,000 after buying an additional 62,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Columbus Circle Investors raised its stake in MINDBODY by 7.0% in the first quarter. Columbus Circle Investors now owns 544,814 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $14,955,000 after buying an additional 35,691 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.13% of the company’s stock. MINDBODY Company Profile MINDBODY, Inc is a provider of cloud-based business management software for the wellness services industry and operates as a consumer marketplace with local business subscribers on its platform. The Company’s subscribers provide a range of wellness services to active consumers. Its integrated software and payments platform helps business owners in the wellness services industry run, market and build their businesses. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on MINDBODY (MB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for MINDBODY Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MINDBODY Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
