Home Staff Privacy Policy About/Contact Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health Daily Ratings & News for Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC Complete the form below to receive the latest headlines and analysts' recommendationsfor Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC with our free daily email newsletter: Follow @TranscriptDaily Recent Posts Delek Logistics Partners LP (DKL) Receives $32.80 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Expect Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd (GLMD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $260,000.00 Brokerages Anticipate Globant SA (GLOB) to Announce $0.25 EPS BlackRock MuniYield Insured Investment (MFT) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.07 Dynasil Co. of America (DYSL) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Extreme Networks (EXTR) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows El Paso Electric Company (EE) Receives News Impact Score of 0.09 Energizer Holdings (ENR) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.27 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Silver Spring Networks (SSNI) Stock Price Blackrock Muniassets Fund, Inc. (MUA) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 on June 1st Carrefour SA (CA) Receives €24.96 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Weir Group PLC (WEIR) PT at $1,870.00 Brokerages Set Red Rock Resorts Inc (RRR) Target Price at $25.75 Brokerages Set Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) PT at $75.60 HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Perceptron (PRCP) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds SB Financial Group (SBFG) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Blackrock MuniHoldings Insured Fd Inc. (MUS) Plans $0.06 Monthly Dividend Grand Canyon Education (LOPE) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Cirrus Logic (CRUS) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.50 Two Sigma Investments LP Buys New Position in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (OZM) Posted by James Quigley on May 6th, 2017 // No Comments Two Sigma Investments LP purchased a new stake in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (NYSE:OZM) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm purchased 55,352 shares of the asset manager’s stock, valued at approximately $183,000. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Abrams Capital Management L.P. increased its stake in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 11.2% in the fourth quarter. Abrams Capital Management L.P. now owns 18,949,992 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $62,724,000 after buying an additional 1,909,342 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 49.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,772,358 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $20,712,000 after buying an additional 1,582,140 shares during the period. Sandia Holdings LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group during the fourth quarter valued at about $11,178,000. Springhouse Capital Management LP increased its stake in shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 33.7% in the third quarter. Springhouse Capital Management LP now owns 2,190,311 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $9,506,000 after buying an additional 551,687 shares during the period. Finally, Gabelli Funds LLC raised its position in Och-Ziff Capital Management Group by 48.6% in the fourth quarter. Gabelli Funds LLC now owns 1,216,000 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $4,025,000 after buying an additional 397,739 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 52.74% of the company’s stock. Shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (NYSE:OZM) remained flat at $2.47 on Friday. The stock had a trading volume of 771,506 shares. Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC has a 12 month low of $2.15 and a 12 month high of $4.78. The firm’s market cap is $456.72 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $2.31 and a 200-day moving average price of $2.90. Och-Ziff Capital Management Group (NYSE:OZM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The asset manager reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.05. Och-Ziff Capital Management Group had a positive return on equity of 106.32% and a negative net margin of 18.75%. The company earned $133.21 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $104.31 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.11 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 24.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC will post $0.42 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $0.02 dividend. This represents a $0.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.24%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This is a boost from Och-Ziff Capital Management Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.01. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Transcript Daily and is the property of of Transcript Daily. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://transcriptdaily.com/2017/05/06/two-sigma-investments-lp-takes-position-in-och-ziff-capital-management-group-llc-ozm-updated.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on OZM shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $3.75 price target for the company in a research report on Saturday, January 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $3.00 price objective on shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $2.50 price objective on shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $3.00 target price on shares of Och-Ziff Capital Management Group in a research note on Tuesday. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $3.78. Och-Ziff Capital Management Group Company Profile Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC (Och-Ziff) is an institutional alternative asset manager. The Company provides asset management services through its funds, which pursue a range of global investment opportunities. The Company operates through two segments: the Och-Ziff Funds and real estate business. Receive News & Ratings for Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Och-Ziff Capital Management Group LLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  «  PREVIOUS Myokardia (MYOK) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of -0.22  »  NEXT Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) Stock Price Up 7.6% on Analyst Upgrade Latest News Volkswagen AG Given a €175.00 Price Target at Kepler Capital Markets Siemens AG Given a €135.00 Price Target at Credit Suisse Group AG adidas AG Given a €175.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Linde AG Given a €160.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Allianz SE Given a €199.00 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. KGaA Given a €104.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website Headlines Business Markets Politics Technology Health © 2006-2017 Transcript Daily
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Oshkosh Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oshkosh Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Linscomb & Williams Inc. Acquires 439 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE) Arrow Financial Corp Maintains Stake in Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Arrow Financial Corp Reduces Stake in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Position Held by Bank of Stockton BB&T Corp Sells 2,593 Shares of East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) BB&T Corp Cuts Position in United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) BB&T Corp Acquires New Stake in Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Has $832,000 Position in J M Smucker Co (SJM) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Southern Co’s Q1 2018 Earnings (SO) Analysts Set Expectations for DexCom, Inc.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (DXCM) Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc. (SKT) Raised by Analyst -$0.98 Earnings Per Share Expected for Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) This Quarter Honeycomb Investment Trust PLC (HONY) to Issue Dividend of GBX 24.50 on June 16th Stone Harbor Emerging Mkt Total Incom FD (EDI) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.15 on May 25th Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. (EROC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Crown Crafts (CRWS) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Buys 200 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Raises Position in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Stake Boosted by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund BB&T Corp Acquires New Stake in Oshkosh Corp (OSK) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BB&T Corp acquired a new stake in shares of Oshkosh Corp (NYSE:OSK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor acquired 26,593 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,824,000. A number of other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in OSK. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Oshkosh Corp by 138.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 35,011 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,960,000 after buying an additional 20,353 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new position in Oshkosh Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,891,000. Allianz Asset Management AG acquired a new position in Oshkosh Corp during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,463,000. Clinton Group Inc. acquired a new position in Oshkosh Corp during the third quarter valued at approximately $961,000. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC raised its position in Oshkosh Corp by 104.3% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 33,300 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,152,000 after buying an additional 17,000 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 94.60% of the company’s stock. Shares of Oshkosh Corp (NYSE:OSK) traded down 0.28% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $67.59. 612,881 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.06 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.22 and a beta of 1.75. Oshkosh Corp has a 52 week low of $44.01 and a 52 week high of $75.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $69.00 and a 200 day moving average of $66.83. Oshkosh Corp (NYSE:OSK) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.76 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.02. Oshkosh Corp had a net margin of 3.54% and a return on equity of 12.27%. The company had revenue of $1.62 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.62 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.76 earnings per share. Oshkosh Corp’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Oshkosh Corp will post $3.46 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.24%. Oshkosh Corp’s payout ratio is currently 28.28%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/bbt-corp-acquires-new-stake-in-oshkosh-corp-osk.html. Several equities research analysts have recently issued reports on OSK shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Oshkosh Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $77.00 target price for the company in a report on Saturday, April 8th. Royal Bank of Canada raised their target price on shares of Oshkosh Corp from $74.00 to $79.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their target price on shares of Oshkosh Corp from $78.00 to $85.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Seaport Global Securities upgraded shares of Oshkosh Corp from an “accumulate” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, Barrington Research raised their target price on shares of Oshkosh Corp from $75.00 to $86.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $70.36. In other news, Director Steven Mizell sold 1,800 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.80, for a total transaction of $125,640.00. Following the sale, the director now owns 8,188 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $571,522.40. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, VP David M. Sagehorn sold 47,800 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.20, for a total transaction of $3,403,360.00. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 131,616 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,371,059.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 110,346 shares of company stock worth $7,713,667 in the last ninety days. 2.00% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Oshkosh Corp Company Profile Oshkosh Corporation is a manufacturer and marketer of access equipment, specialty vehicles and truck bodies for the primary markets of defense, concrete placement, refuse hauling, access equipment, and fire and emergency. The company’s brands include Oshkosh, JLG, Pierce, McNeilus, IMT, Frontline, Jerr-Dan, CON-E-CO and London. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding OSK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Oshkosh Corp (NYSE:OSK). Receive News & Ratings for Oshkosh Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Oshkosh Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Democrats tackle the 'big rebuild' French presidential candidate confirms 'massive' hack days before election Georgia special election smashes all-time spending record Blame it on Trumpcare Trump suggests financing for historically black colleges may be unconstitutional House oversight panel to investigate Iran deal Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print THE HILL’S GIFT to Melania -- HACK ATTACK: Macron confirms ‘massive’ hack before election -- TRUMPCARE FALLOUT -- Pentagon leasing Trump Tower apt -- WEEKEND READS By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/06/17 10:12 AM EDT Driving the Day Good Saturday morning. Kentucky Derby post time tonight is 6:34 p.m. It will be broadcast on NBC. The Gold Cup is also today in Warrenton, Virginia. THE HILL’S GIFT TO MELANIA -- Congressional spouses traditionally give a gift to the First Lady at the annual First Lady’s lunch. This year, spouses asked Illinois Republican Rep. Peter Roskam’s wife Elizabeth to paint the inauguration scene. The painting http://bit.ly/2qDbYVP Story Continued Below ‘TRUMPCARE’ FALLOUT -- “It’s ‘Trumpcare,’ and GOP faces political fallout,” by AP’s Bill Barrow and Steve Peoples in Atlanta: “It’s ‘Trumpcare’ now, and Republicans have to answer for it. After dozens of symbolic votes, House Republicans finally pushed through a bill to gut Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, with President Donald Trump hailing the replacement as ‘a great plan’ that has ‘really brought the Republican Party together.’ Democrats are giddy about what could be severe political consequences for the GOP. Even though the Senate still has to act, Republicans now largely own a measure that would curtail, and in some cases take away completely, benefits Americans have embraced after seven years. Chief among them: a guarantee of paying the same amount for coverage regardless of health history. Budget analysts estimate 24 million people would lose insurance over a decade, 14 million in the first year, and older Americans would face higher costs.” http://apne.ws/2pgqsGq -- “Obamacare repeal vote upends 2018 House landscape,” by Alex Isenstadt and Gabe Debenedetti: “More than a dozen senior Republican strategists, lawmakers, and potential candidates expressed varying degrees of concern over the political implications of the health care push. Some predicted that House members would face a fierce backlash from voters, while others said the party had erred badly in rushing through a bill that lacked broad public support. The vote, combined with President Donald Trump’s record-low poll numbers and rising public dissatisfaction with how Republicans are wielding power over the federal government, has produced a cauldron of instability for the party, which is holding onto a 24-seat edge in the House. There is also the weight of history: In every midterm election since 2002, the party in the White House has lost congressional seats.” http://politi.co/2p76YZy SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX THE ONSLAUGHT BEGINS -- HOW DEMS WILL WALLOP REPUBLICANS ON THE AHCA -- “Democrats to run ads targeting California’s House Republicans who voted for healthcare bill,” by LATimes’ Cathleen Decker: The DCCC “on Monday will begin airing a drive-time ad on Southern California radio stations targeting five Republican members of Congress who voted Thursday for the GOP healthcare plan. The [six-figure] ad buy, currently scheduled to run for one week on news, sports and Spanish-language stations, is rare this early in the election cycle. ... The targets of the ad are five of the seven most vulnerable House Republicans in California — Darrell Issa of Vista, Dana Rohrabacher of Costa Mesa, Mimi Walters of Irvine, Steve Knight of Palmdale and Ed Royce of Fullerton. ... ‘That’s the sound of the congressional Republicans’ healthcare plan coming down the tracks,’ the ad says. ‘Get out of the way.’” http://lat.ms/2qavgSB … Audio of the ad http://bit.ly/2pQQ5kX. -- HERE ARE THE KEY LINES that help understand how Dems will run against this plan: “It will rip health-care coverage away from millions of people. It imposes an age tax on millions of seniors: the older you are the more you pay. If you have a pre-existing condition, it could increase your out-of-pocket costs. Cancer: nearly $73,000 a year. Asthma: $4,300 … Heart disease: $18,000. Arthritis: $26,000. Even pregnancy: $17,000. Millions of Americans will pay more out of pocket, higher drug prices, higher premiums, higher deductibles. Health insurance we can no longer afford.” -- WE’VE BEEN TALKING to top House Republicans about the politics of this plan. Put plainly, there is a lot of concern. The politics around the AHCA are very tricky for the GOP. Many very senior Republicans were extremely unhappy with the celebration in the Rose Garden. The optics, they say, were horrendous. Of course, Republicans say they'll be able to sell this plan to their constituents. They have promised their base that they would repeal Obamacare, and this makes good on that promise, they say. Midterms are base elections, and this could energize core GOP voters. -- TO BE SURE … -- It’s May 2017 -- many months before Election Day 2018. The national political landscape can shift a dozen times between now and November 2018. ALL IN THE FAMILY -- “In a Beijing ballroom, Kushner family flogs $500,000 ‘investor visa’ to wealthy Chinese,” by WaPo’s Emily Rauhala in Beijing: “The Kushner family came to the United States as refugees, worked hard and made it big -- and if you invest in Kushner properties, so can you. “That was the message delivered Saturday by White House senior adviser Jared Kushner’s sister to a ballroom full of wealthy Chinese investors, renewing questions about the Kushner family’s business ties to China. Over several hours of slide shows and presentations, representatives from the Kushner family business urged Chinese citizens gathered at the Ritz-Carlton hotel to consider investing hundreds of thousands of dollars in a New Jersey real estate project to secure what’s known as an investor visa. The EB-5 immigrant investor visa program, which allows foreign investors to invest in U.S. projects that create jobs and then apply to immigrate, has been used by both the Trump and Kushner family businesses. ... “Journalists were initially seated at the back of the ballroom, but as the presentations got underway, a public relations representative asked The Post to leave, saying the presence of foreign reporters threatened the ‘stability’ of the event. At one point, organizers grabbed a reporter’s phone and backpack to try to force that person to leave. Later, as investors started leaving the ballroom, organizers physically surrounded attendees to stop them from giving interviews. Asked why reporters were asked to leave, a public relations representative, who declined to identify herself, said simply, ‘This is not the story we want.’” http://wapo.st/2qM1QXO ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: What builds the strongest bonds between communities and the businesses they serve? The Mayor of London Sadiq Khan, Red Cross CEO Gail McGovern, Shinola President Jacque Panis and other leading thinkers shared their thoughts in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2ppOd0c ****** WHAT PALM BEACH IS READING -- NYT -- “When That Feisty Neighbor Becomes the President: As a businessman, Donald J. Trump peppered local officials in Florida with requests, and governments pushed back. Now, some approvals come more easily,” by Michael LaForgia and Steve Eder in Palm Beach: “Since he was elected, officials in Palm Beach County have quickly granted President Trump’s club permission to build a concrete helipad, allowed the club to host a charity event for the Navy SEAL Foundation featuring a staged shootout between some commandos and pretend terrorists, and agreed to assume the costs, for now at least, of closing roads and providing additional security. Behind every decision was a balancing act between a desire to best serve constituents and a political instinct not to anger the nation’s chief executive. “‘Someone asked me, ‘Do you feel like you’re going to get into a sort of combative situation with the president of the United States?’ Did it cross my mind? Yes,’ said Dave Kerner, a Democrat on the Board of County Commissioners, a panel that has often been at odds with Mr. Trump in the last 20 years.” http://nyti.ms/2qM2hl0 HACK ATTACK -- “French presidential candidate confirms ‘massive’ hack days before election,” by Eric Geller in Washington and Nicholas Vinocur in Paris: “French presidential front-runner Emmanuel Macron tried to build a hack-proof campaign with a detailed plan for preventing a breach. It failed. His campaign confirmed late Friday that it was the victim of a ‘massive and coordinated’ cyberattack hours after a large trove of emails purportedly from his political party appeared online. “The news of the hack -- which supporters of far-right candidate Marine Le Pen as well as people associated with the alt-right movement in the U.S. pushed on social media under the #macronleaks hashtag -- added a surprise twist to the closing moments of a divisive race. The leaked emails look intended to influence Sunday’s election and aftermath. As in last year’s contest in the U.S. fingers immediately pointed toward hacker groups linked to the Russian government, which has embraced Le Pen. Coming less than 48 hours before voting starts and with Macron up by 20 percentage points in the last polls, it’s hard to predict what impact, if any, it may have.” http://politi.co/2pkEPtW WHAT DONALD TRUMP IS TWEETING -- @realDonaldTrump at 7:22 p.m.: “Wow,the Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possible.Far better than Ocare!” … at 7:29 p.m.: “Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It’s dead!” … at 7:34 p.m.:“Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!” RUSSIA WATCH -- “Flynn was warned by Trump transition officials about contacts with Russian ambassador,” by WaPo’s Greg Miller and Adam Entous: “Former national security adviser Michael Flynn was warned by senior members of President Trump’s transition team about the risks of his contacts with the Russian ambassador weeks before the December call that led to Flynn’s forced resignation, current and former U.S. officials said. Flynn was told during a late November meeting that Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak’s conversations were almost certainly being monitored by U.S. intelligence agencies, officials said, a caution that came a month before Flynn was recorded discussing U.S. sanctions against Russia with Kislyak, suggesting that the Trump administration would reevaluate the issue. “Officials were so concerned that Flynn did not fully understand the motives of the Russian ambassador that the head of Trump’s national security council transition team asked Obama administration officials for a classified CIA profile of Kislyak, officials said. The document was delivered within days, officials said, but it is not clear that Flynn ever read it.” http://wapo.st/2pRtXFf -- AP’S JULIE PACE: “The outgoing White House also became concerned about the Trump team’s handling of classified information. After learning that highly sensitive documents from a secure room at the transition’s Washington headquarters were being copied and removed from the facility, Obama’s national security team decided to only allow the transition officials to view some information at the White House, including documents on the government’s contingency plans for crises.” http://apne.ws/2p79HSC CAMP DAVID NORTH -- “After the ‘Winter White House’ in Fla., Trump shifts to ‘Camp David North’ in N.J.,” by WaPo’s John Wagner and David Fahrenthold in Bedminster, New Jersey.: “With winter over and Palm Beach’s tanned snowbirds departing for the season, President Trump decamped for a long weekend here at another of his favorite properties: a secluded golf club in New Jersey’s fox-hunt and horse country. In his young presidency, Trump has already spent seven weekends at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, which his staff — and some taxpayer-paid employees at the State Department — have dubbed the ‘Winter White House.’ “In a shift in travel habits, Trump is now expected to head for getaways to this 8,200-person township about 45 miles west of New York City where his daughter, Ivanka, got married and which some here are already calling ‘Camp David North.’ On a dreary, rainy Friday not at all conducive to playing golf, Trump stayed out of the public eye. Even plans to release a photo of him signing a bill to keep the government open through September didn’t materialize.” http://wapo.st/2pgyY86 CLIMATE WATCH -- “U.S. Bluntly Rebuffs Queries on Climate,” by Bloomberg’s Jennifer A. Dlouhy and Joe Ryan: “The Trump administration, responding to skepticism about its commitment to the Paris climate accord from China and other countries, bluntly told them that it is putting American jobs first. In a formal response to queries filed with the United Nations, the administration President Donald Trump left little doubt that it is taking a different approach in tone and substance from former President Barack Obama. It said its pro-jobs agenda takes priority and that it would continue to roll back environmental regulations aimed at cutting carbon emissions. “‘The administration is reviewing existing policies and regulations in the context of a focus on strengthening U.S. economic growth and promoting jobs for American workers and will not support policies or regulations that have adverse effects on energy independence and U.S. competitiveness,’ the U.S. said. The U.S. repeated the same answer nearly verbatim three more times.” https://bloom.bg/2pghvwP TRUMP INC. -- “Pentagon to lease privately owned Trump Tower apartment for nuclear ‘football’: letter,” by Reuters’ Mark Hosenball and Phil Stewart: “The U.S. Defense Department is finalizing a lease on a privately owned apartment in New York’s Trump Tower for the White House Military Office to use for supporting President Donald Trump without providing any benefit to Trump or his organization, according to a Pentagon letter seen by Reuters. The Military Office carries and safeguards the ‘football,’ the device that contains the top secret launch codes the president needs to order a nuclear attack, as well as providing him secure communications wherever he is. “The White House, Secret Service, and Defense Department had no comment on whether similar arrangements have been made at other properties Trump frequents - Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Florida and the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where Trump is spending this weekend. In a letter to Representative Jackie Speier, a Democrat on the House Armed Services and intelligence committees, Defense Department official James MacStravic, said the apartment is ‘privately owned and ... lease negotiations have been with the owner’s representatives only.’” http://reut.rs/2pgFvzA LUNCH WITH THE FT -- “Sheryl Sandberg: fighting fake news and Facebook’s future: One of the world’s most powerful executives on the new challenges for social networks and the sudden death of her husband,” by Hannah Kuchler: “When she was young, she thought she would work in government or a non-profit, never a company. What changed? ‘I think when technology happened, that Google, Facebook, these companies have as much of a mission as other organisations,’ she says. Maybe even as much power and influence as governments, I suggest. ‘I don’t know if that’s right. But they have a mission,’ she says. Zuckerberg too has been the subject of more speculation since his letter. Rumours were fuelled when he embarked on a US tour to meet community groups, churches and businesses that appeared remarkably similar to an election campaign trail. Does she think he might run for president? ‘No.’ And you? ‘Nope, I’ve said no.’” http://on.ft.com/2pMsb9I … Sandberg, with co-author Adam Grant, just published “Plan B: Adversity, Building Resilience, and Finding Joy” -- $15.55 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2qaLF9r Playbook Reads PHOTO DU JOUR: A poster depicting French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen with the face of President Donald Trump reading, "Make no mistake. Choose France. Vote!" appears in Paris on May 5. | Joel Saget/AFP/Getty PLAYBOOK METRO SECTION -- “Amazon to open a (real-live physical) bookstore in D.C.,” by WaPo’s Sarah Halzack: “Steven Roth, the chief executive of Vornado Realty Trust, told investors this week that Amazon has leased 10,000 square feet at 3040 M St. NW in Georgetown, a storefront previously occupied by Barneys New York. He did not specify when the store is set to open. Amazon did not immediately return a request for comment. Jeffrey P. Bezos, the chief executive of Amazon, owns The Washington Post.” http://wapo.st/2pRW6vO SHOW ME THE MONEY -- “Georgia special election smashes all-time spending record,” by Elena Schneider: “It’s official: Georgia’s special election will be the most expensive House race in U.S. history. Candidates and outside groups have aired or reserved more than $29.7 million worth of TV ads in the race to replace HHS Secretary Tom Price in Congress, which will break a five-year-old record for House spending — highlighting the outsized importance a sliver of the Atlanta suburbs has taken on in national politics. “It is plainly more money than one House race out of 435 needs. Cash is flowing in at such saturation levels that Democrat Jon Ossoff’s campaign had the money for everything from Korean radio ads to free Lyft rides for voters on primary day. The Atlanta NBC station has even bumped reruns of ‘The Andy Griffith Show’ from their regular slot in order to extend its local newscasts and make more room for political ads.” http://politi.co/2pkhNn8 THE LOYAL OPPOSITION -- “Democrats tackle the ‘big rebuild’,” by Gabe Debenedetti: “The [DNC] headquarters remains mostly empty, devoid of almost any senior staff. It has a new chairman, Tom Perez, but there’s still no executive director. There’s a completely new organizational chart, but the gutted political, finance, and tech offices remain in search of new leaders. In other words, the DNC is showing signs of life after a long period of dormancy, but progress is slow. And it’s about to get more painful as Democrats prepare to embark on a delicate round of group therapy sessions — otherwise known as unity commission meetings — that could reopen intraparty wounds from the Bernie Sanders-Hillary Clinton presidential primary fight. “In private conversations with fellow Democrats, new Chairman Tom Perez describes the precarious situation as trying to repair a plane that’s already in the air. The committee had been largely neglected by party leadership in the final years of Barack Obama’s presidency. After an email hack and leaks that intensified charges that the DNC favored Clinton over Sanders, Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz was ousted in July, forcing the committee to undergo a high-wire transition in the middle of the campaign.” http://politi.co/2qNOwkV PODCAST DU JOUR -- “The Meaner Bill: How the working class will get the short end of the stick in the American Health Care Act,” by Slate’s Jacob Weisberg: “Weisberg talks to the surgeon and writer Atul Gawande about the AHCA and why its passing would be a catastrophe for the very people that vote.” http://slate.me/2qNCwQG VALLEY TALK -- “Facebook wants to launch its big attack on TV next month — here’s what we know,” by Business Insider’s Nathan McAlone and Alex Heath: “Facebook has kicked its push for TV-like shows into high gear and is aiming to premiere its slate of programming in mid-June, multiple people familiar with the plans told Business Insider. Facebook plans to have about two dozen shows for this initial push and has greenlit multiple shows for production ... [T]he social network had been looking for shows in two distinct tiers: a marquee tier for a few longer, big-budget shows that would feel at home on TV, and a lower tier for shorter, less expensive shows of about five to 10 minutes that would refresh every 24 hours.” http://read.bi/2qLN976 ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: “Our model combines financial commitments with capable partners, evidence-based solutions and direct investments of our people’s time and expertise.” Read “Private Enterprise for Public Good” by Jamie Dimon in the JPMorgan Chase Corporate Responsibility Report. http://politi.co/2qnIV4u ****** MEDIAWATCH -- “Ryan Grim to leave HuffPost for The Intercept,” by Hadas Gold and Joe Pompeo: “Grim, the Washington bureau chief of HuffPost, is leaving the site to become Washington bureau chief of The Intercept. Grim, one of the original HuffPost staffers in Washington, helped herald in the era of original reporting for the website. He’s been with HuffPost for nine years.” http://politi.co/2qNX7UY … HuffPost editor Lydia Polgreen’s memo to staff about Grim’s departure http://bit.ly/2pgwDKt ALI WATKINS to POLITICO – Carrie Budoff Brown and Paul Volpe email the staff: “We’re thrilled to announce that Ali Watkins, who covers national security and intelligence for BuzzFeed News, is joining POLITICO as a national security correspondent. Ali is one of Washington’s most talented young journalists on the beat and has delivered consistently impressive coverage of the investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election.” --“Sputnik denied permanent congressional credentials,” by Hadas Gold with Daniel Lippman: “The Congressional Periodical Press Gallery committee has denied Sputnik, a Russian state-owned news website, a permanent congressional press pass. Sputnik has the opportunity to appeal the decision ... According to the gallery rules members must not ‘act as an agent for, or be employed by the Federal, or any State, local or foreign government or representatives thereof.’ ... Meanwhile, Laura Ingraham’s site LifeZette was approved for a press pass on Friday.” http://politi.co/2pQB5n4 CLICKER – “The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics,” edited by Matt Wuerker -- 14 keepers http://politi.co/2qaibsj GREAT WEEKEND READS, curated by Daniel Lippman, filing from the Montpelier Summit (at James Madison’s Montpelier house) in Orange, Virginia: --“Agent of Fear,” by BuzzFeed’s Daniel Wagner: “How a federal agent got away with terrorizing his Brazilian ex-girlfriend — even as she repeatedly begged the U.S. government to stop him.” http://bzfd.it/2pRel4p --“He convinced former CIA operatives he was one of them. Was he an impostor?” by WaPo’s Ian Shapira: “He’d killed 38 people, Mark W. Levin told co-workers at the Daniel Morgan Graduate School of National Security, and ran a squad of covert operatives called ‘The Watchers’ who prevented terrorist attacks. ... Those who worked with Levin at Daniel Morgan — a fledgling school that offers graduate programs to aspiring spies and diplomats in downtown Washington — did not investigate his credentials. He had convinced former CIA operatives and national security veterans that he was one of them.” http://wapo.st/2q44Ba4 (h/t Longform.org) --“How to Raise an American Adult,” by Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) in WSJ’s Review section, in an adaptation of “The Vanishing American Adult: Our Coming-of-Age Crisis—and How to Rebuild a Culture of Self-Reliance” (out May 16): “Many young Americans today are locked in perpetual adolescence. Nebraska Sen. Ben Sasse on how he and his wife are encouraging their own children to become fully formed, independent grown-ups.” http://on.wsj.com/2pR3sll … $17.67 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2pkFED9 --“12 Great Stories That Have Nothing to Do With Politics” -- NYT: http://nyti.ms/2pgAO97 --“The Itch,” by Atul Gawande in the June 30, 2008 issue of The New Yorker: “Its mysterious power may be a clue to a new theory about brains and bodies.” http://bit.ly/2q44Ku8 (h/t Longform.org) --“The Accidental Get Away Driver,” by Paul Kix in GQ: “How one man drove right into the center of a daring and dangerous crime.” http://bit.ly/2pM4X3X --“‘My body shall be all yours’: the startling sex letters of Joyce, Kahlo and O’Keeffe,” by Holly Williams in The Guardian – per ALDaily.com’s description: “Sex letters. James Joyce sent them. So did Georgia O’Keeffe and Alfred Stieglitz. Proust sent one to his grandfather. In the age of Tinder, does the sex letter have staying power?” http://bit.ly/2qJFkhx --“Can Anyone Repair National Lampoon’s Devastated Brand?” by Benjamin Wallace in May’s Vanity Fair: “Over the past 15 years, three devotees of the comedy institution have attempted to restore the humor brand to its former glory. What happened instead was direct-to-video movies, lawsuits, crippling debt, and two prison sentences.” http://bit.ly/2qwPyVS --“Sold for Parts,” by Michael Grabell in ProPublica: “One of the most dangerous companies in the U.S. took advantage of immigrant workers. Then, when they got hurt or fought back, it used America’s laws against them.” http://bit.ly/2p2iVQj(h/t Longreads.com) --“The Love and Terror of Nick Cave,” by Chris Heath in GQ: “For four decades, Nick Cave has been at the edge of music, putting his spin on everything from punk rock to lovesick ballads—much of it with his band the Bad Seeds—assembling a body of work that is astonishing for its range, power, and feeling. Then unspeakable tragedy and grief had their way with him, and his music had to change yet again.” http://bit.ly/2qJSBa1 (h/t Longreads.com) --“Constructing the Modern Prince,” by Razmig Keucheyan in Verso: “For the first time under the French Fifth Republic, neither of the two main parties (the Socialists and the Republicans) managed to reach the second round of the presidential election. What does this change in French politics represent, also taking into account the particularities of Marine Le Pen and the dizzying rise of Emmanuel Macron?” http://bit.ly/2qJFSUD (h/t TheBrowser.com) --“Look back with danger,” by Simon Goldhill in the Times Literary Supplement: “Today’s constant talk of nostalgia – for old passport covers, old manners, old food, and above all that fantasy of a Britain before multiculturalism – is in part a response to rapid social change and feelings of insecurity. These nostalgic images are a shoddy replacement for any sophisticated understanding of history, and that is why we should be worried when politicians play the nostalgia card.” http://bit.ly/2q45JKQ --“Where oil rigs go to die,” by Tom Lamont in The Guardian: “When a drilling platform is scheduled for destruction, it must go on a thousand-mile final journey to the breaker’s yard. As one rig proved when it crashed on to the rocks of a remote Scottish island, this is always a risky business.” http://bit.ly/2pdVj74 --“India’s Silicon Valley Is Dying of Thirst. Your City May Be Next,” by Samanth Subramanian in Wired: “Bangalore has a problem: It is running out of water, fast. Cities all over the world, from those in the American West to nearly every major Indian metropolis, have been struggling with drought and water deficits in recent years.” http://bit.ly/2pM0Y7H --“Beyond Alt” – New York Magazine: “The extremely reactionary, burn-it-down-radical, newfangled far right.” http://nym.ag/2qJANM0 --“The future of football,” by Spencer Hall in SBNation: “Everyone at every position has gotten larger over time. If football’s evolution involves mitigating the massive forces exerted on players, require players to bring less mass to the party. Allow teams to have as many people on the field as they like, but limit the total weight to 2400 pounds.” http://bit.ly/2q3RXYk Playbookers OUT AND ABOUT -- SPOTTED at Juleanna Glover’s house last night at a book party to celebrate “The Long Space Age: The Economic Origins of Space Exploration from Colonial America to the Cold War Hardcover,” by Alexander MacDonald ($26.92 on Amazon http://amzn.to/2qNJ9lR): Anu Rangappa, Sam and Danielle Feist, Margaret Carlson, Julia Ioffe, Wendy Benjaminson, Benny Johnson, Margaret Sullivan, Mark Anderson, Mark Paustenbach, Erin McPike, Toby Harnden, Eliana Johnson, Walt Cronkite, Craig Gordon, Jonathan Swan, Becca Glover. -- More than 150 former staff gathered at Belle Haven Country Club yesterday to wish the second-longest serving Virginia Senator, John Warner, a belated happy 90th birthday. SPOTTED: wife Jeannie, Susan and John Magill, Judge Bruce Kasold, Carter Cornick, Ann Loomis, Ellen Beares, Eric Ruff, Stewart and Jenny Verdery, Chris Yianilos, Chris DeLacy, John Hishta, Sandy Luff, Karl and Jodi Schipper, Grayson Winterling, Bronwyn Lance Chester and Andrew Chester, Jennifer Cave, Judy and Steve Ansley, Chris Lehman, Sam and Jackie Zegna, Steve Dawson, Mike Kuhl, Jonathan Murphy, Carter and Puma Cornick, Clint Nichols, Steven Popps, Alex and Ashley Berrang, Buzzer Hefti, Anna Reilly, Les Brownlee. BIRTHDAYS: Jim Gartman, the Rush Limbaugh of Three Lakes, Wis., and the Sean Hannity of Florida ... Tucker Eskew ... Tony Blair is 64 … Sen. Richard Shelby (R-Ala.) is 83 … Sheena Arora, SVP at Revolution Agency ... David Rogers ... Bloomberg’s Joe Nocera, who has celebrated by seeing two Sondheim shows in the last two weeks (“Sunday in the Park with George” and “Pacific Overtures”) (hat tip: daughter Kate) ... Politico Albany bureau chief Jimmy Vielkind ... music mogul legend Steve Lindsey is 61 (h/t niece and documentarian Nadia Szold) ... Dani Lever, press secretary for Gov. Cuomo ... Seth Freedland, senior writer at Nike ... ... Stefan Friedman, partner at Mercury ... Spencer Pederson, principal at The Bockorny Group ... Cynara Lilly, RALLY director and style icon (h/t Sam Garrett-Pate) ... Lincoln Rose Pierce Smith, daughter of Jamie Smith and Eric Pierce, on her Mom and Dad’s 17th wedding anniversary ... NPR’s Jennifer Longmire-Wright ... Cara Philbin ... Kevin Powers of Deutsche Bank ... Laura Evans ... Mark Armour ... Treasury alum Benjamin Levine ... Alyse Cohen ... Lisa Ferri ... Rebecca Powell Marx ... Natasha Mozgovaya ... Paul Schmitz is 48 ... Bob McCall ... Jim Williams … Bill Dolbow ... WH alumnus John Roberts … Rosa Puech ... Jim Ramstad ... Mark Armour ... Woodfen McLean (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) THE SHOWS, by @MattMackowiak, filing from Austin: -- ABC’s “This Week”: Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) … Sen. Susan Collins (R-Me.) … The New Yorker’s Dr. Atul Gawande. Panel: Matthew Dowd, Sara Fagen, Roland Martin, Steven Rattner and Cokie Roberts -- “Fox News Sunday”: White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus … Jonathan Gruber and Karl Rove. Panel: Brit Hume, former Rep. Jane Harman (D-Calif.), Newt Gingrich and Juan Williams … “Power Player of the Week” with the Washington Mystics’ Elena Delle Donne -- CBS’s “Face the Nation”: OMB Director Mick Mulvaney … Sen. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) … Condoleeza Rice … focus group with Philadelphia-area students. Panel: Susan Page, Michael Gerson, Nancy Cordes and Jamelle Bouie -- NBC’s “Meet the Press”: HHS Secretary Tom Price … Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.) … Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.). Panel: Yahoo News’ Matt Bai, POLITICO’s Eliana Johnson, National Review’s Rich Lowry and NBC News’ Kristen Welker -- CNN’s “State of the Union”: HHS Secretary Tom Price … Ohio Gov. John Kasich. Panel: Bakari Sellers, Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tenn.), Amanda Carpenter and Jen Psaki -- CNN’s “Reliable Sources”: Bo Dietl … Wall Street Journal media reporter Joe Flint … attorney for Bill O’Reilly accusers Lisa Bloom and attorney for former Fox News employees Douglas Wigdor … author and HuffPost senior national correspondent Jonathan Cohn … Baltimore Sun media critic David Zurawik -- Fox News’ “Sunday Morning Futures”: House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.) … Sen. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) … former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom … Nissan Motor Co. chairman of the board Carlos Ghosn … Steve Hilton. Panel: Ed Rollins, Susan Ferrechio and Brad Blakeman -- Fox News’ “MediaBuzz”: Erin McPike … conservative commentator Gayle Trotter … former DNC communications director, Fox News contributor, and Georgetown University Institute of Politics executive director Mo Elleithee … Fox News chief national correspondent Ed Henry … The Hollywood Reporter TV editor Marisa Guthrie and Fox News Headlines 24/7 reporter Carley Shimkus -- CNN’s “Inside Politics” with John King -- Panel: AP’s Julie Pace, CNN’s Phil Mattingly, The New York Times’ Jonathan Martin and Bloomberg Politics’ Margaret Talev -- Univision’s “Al Punto”: Deported immigrant Guadalupe García de Rayos and his children Jacqeline and Angel … undocumented immigrant living in a Denver sanctuary church Jeanette Vizguerra … Puerto Rico governor Ricardo Rossello … Univision News anchor María Antonieta Collins … Ku Klux Klan leader “Rowdy” … musician Nacho … actress Zoé Saldana -- C-SPAN: “The Communicators: Internet Association president and CEO Michael Beckerman, questioned by POLITICO technology reporter Margaret Harding McGill … “Newsmakers”: Rep. Peter DeFazio (D-Ore.), questioned by POLITICO transportation reporter Lauren Gardner and Bloomberg BNA appropriations reporter Nancy Ognanovich … “Q&A”: Defense News naval warfare correspondent Chris Cavas -- Washington Times’ “Mack on Politics” weekly politics podcast with Matt Mackowiak (download on iTunes, Google Play, or Stitcher or listen at http://bit.ly/2mGabdq: New York Magazine’s Gabriel Sherman … Garrett Graff, author of the new book “Raven Rock: The Story of the U.S. Government’s Secret Plan to Save Itself--While the Rest of Us Die”. The episode posts Sunday night. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: What are essential inputs for creating lasting impact in our communities? Check out JPMorgan Chase’s model for impact to learn more about drivers of inclusive economic growth. ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/1M75UbX ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW …Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v …Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/1M75UbX Playbook - POLITICO Archive Saturday, 5/6/17 Friday, 5/5/17 Thursday, 5/4/17 Wednesday, 5/3/17 Tuesday, 5/2/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Trump Wants a New Afghan Surge. That’s a Terrible Idea. By Douglas Wissing Should Trump Meet With Kim Jong Un? By Anthony Ruggiero The Consequences of Extreme Vetting By Jonathan E. Meyer Will Hurd Is the Future of the GOP* By Tim Alberta More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eclipse Resources Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eclipse Resources Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Street Corp Has $2.272 Million Stake in Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) State Street Corp Purchases 12,096 Shares of AppFolio Inc (APPF) State Street Corp Boosts Stake in Rosetta Stone Inc (RST) State Street Corp Purchases 70,069 Shares of Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc (SNDX) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Monday Pinnacle West Capital Co. Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.10 Per Share (PNW) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Pacific Biosciences of California Lowered by William Blair (PACB) SunTrust Banks Comments on Olin Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (OLN) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Boosted by SunTrust Banks Bank of Montreal (BMO) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.96 Per Share Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Shares Down 7.7% After Earnings Miss Assured Guaranty Ltd. (AGO) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement Enterprise Products Partners L.P. Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (EPD) SRC Energy Inc (SRCI) Shares Gap Up Following Strong Earnings P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. (PTSI) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Points International Ltd (PCOM) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Qualys Inc (QLYS) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Points International Ltd (PCOM) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Qualys Inc (QLYS) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research P.A.M. Transportation Services, Inc. (PTSI) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research State Street Corp Purchases 70,069 Shares of Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Eclipse Resources Corp (NYSE:ECR) by 8.9% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 857,405 shares of the energy producer’s stock after buying an additional 70,069 shares during the period. State Street Corp’s holdings in Eclipse Resources Corp were worth $2,289,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corp by 7.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,178,382 shares of the energy producer’s stock worth $7,166,000 after buying an additional 143,938 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corp by 45.2% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 1,604,083 shares of the energy producer’s stock worth $5,277,000 after buying an additional 499,640 shares during the last quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. raised its stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corp by 45.1% in the third quarter. Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 1,587,305 shares of the energy producer’s stock worth $5,222,000 after buying an additional 493,500 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corp by 7.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 1,400,406 shares of the energy producer’s stock worth $4,607,000 after buying an additional 95,287 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Penn Capital Management Co. Inc. raised its stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corp by 1,361.5% in the third quarter. Penn Capital Management Co. Inc. now owns 914,511 shares of the energy producer’s stock worth $3,009,000 after buying an additional 851,937 shares during the last quarter. 29.95% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Eclipse Resources Corp (NYSE:ECR) opened at 2.11 on Friday. Eclipse Resources Corp has a 1-year low of $1.60 and a 1-year high of $4.42. The firm’s market cap is $553.32 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $2.24 and its 200-day moving average price is $2.56. Eclipse Resources Corp (NYSE:ECR) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The energy producer reported ($0.02) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.03. Eclipse Resources Corp had a negative net margin of 439.73% and a negative return on equity of 39.50%. The company had revenue of $83.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $73.67 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($3.66) earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 27.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts anticipate that Eclipse Resources Corp will post ($0.06) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/state-street-corp-purchases-70069-shares-of-eclipse-resources-corp-ecr.html. A number of analysts recently commented on ECR shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered Eclipse Resources Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Seaport Global Securities raised Eclipse Resources Corp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the company from $3.50 to $4.00 in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “equal weight” rating and issued a $2.50 target price (down from $3.00) on shares of Eclipse Resources Corp in a research report on Saturday, April 22nd. BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $3.00 target price on shares of Eclipse Resources Corp in a research report on Friday. Finally, Scotiabank set a $4.00 target price on Eclipse Resources Corp and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $3.47. In related news, CFO Matthew R. Denezza sold 63,770 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $2.24, for a total value of $142,844.80. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 659,786 shares in the company, valued at $1,477,920.64. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 0.13% of the company’s stock. Eclipse Resources Corp Company Profile Eclipse Resources Corporation is an independent exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties in the Appalachian Basin. The Company is the operator of the Utica Core Area and its Marcellus Project Area. The Ordovician-aged Utica Shale is an unconventional reservoir consisting of organic-rich black shale, with production occurring at vertical depths between 6,000 and 10,000 feet. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ECR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eclipse Resources Corp (NYSE:ECR). Receive News & Ratings for Eclipse Resources Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eclipse Resources Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance EQT Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AT Bancorp Has $244,000 Position in EQT Co. (EQT) Athena Capital Advisors LLC Has $3,376,000 Stake in AstraZeneca plc (AZN) US Bancorp DE Sells 132,845 Shares of LKQ Co. (LKQ) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Cuts Position in UGI Corp (UGI) IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Reduces Position in Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Reduced by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Position Boosted by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $1.132 Million Position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Releases Earnings Results Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Control4 Corp (CTRL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Antero Resources Corp (AR) to Release Earnings on Monday ICF International Inc (ICFI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Ares Management LP (ARES) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages AT Bancorp Has $244,000 Position in EQT Co. (EQT) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AT Bancorp maintained its stake in shares of EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 4,000 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. AT Bancorp’s holdings in EQT were worth $244,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its stake in shares of EQT by 8.6% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 17,065,832 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $1,239,321,000 after buying an additional 1,344,202 shares during the period. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of EQT during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $80,536,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of EQT by 5.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,117,821 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $1,243,095,000 after buying an additional 933,499 shares during the period. Mik Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of EQT during the third quarter valued at approximately $61,196,000. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. boosted its stake in shares of EQT by 9.1% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 9,035,038 shares of the oil and gas producer’s stock valued at $552,041,000 after buying an additional 756,782 shares during the period. 93.46% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT) traded up 3.50% during trading on Friday, reaching $58.22. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,621,616 shares. The company’s market cap is $10.06 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $60.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $63.72. EQT Co. has a 52 week low of $55.36 and a 52 week high of $80.61. EQT (NYSE:EQT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas producer reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.02. EQT had a negative return on equity of 0.53% and a negative net margin of 28.16%. The business had revenue of $897.50 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $713.65 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.07 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 64.6% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that EQT Co. will post $1.44 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a dividend of $0.03 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.21%. EQT’s dividend payout ratio is -4.49%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/at-bancorp-has-244000-position-in-eqt-co-eqt.html. EQT has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $71.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. BMO Capital Markets cut EQT from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $75.00 to $73.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. TheStreet cut EQT from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Tudor Pickering raised EQT from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Scotiabank set a $80.00 target price on EQT and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. EQT presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $81.64. In other EQT news, Director A. Bray Jr. Cary acquired 421 shares of EQT stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 3rd. The stock was bought at an average cost of $61.10 per share, for a total transaction of $25,723.10. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider M Elise Hyland sold 3,479 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $60.56, for a total transaction of $210,688.24. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 15,941 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $965,386.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.10% of the company’s stock. EQT Company Profile EQT Corporation is a natural gas company. The Company operates through three segments: EQT Production, EQT Gathering and EQT Transmission. The EQT Production segment includes its exploration for, and development and production of, natural gas, natural gas liquids and a limited amount of crude oil, primarily in the Appalachian Basin. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EQT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EQT Co. (NYSE:EQT). Receive News & Ratings for EQT Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EQT Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE NEWS TUTORIALS WIZARDS ANSWERS STORE iPhone 8 to Feature 'Enhanced Receiver' With 'Further Improvements' to Sound and Waterproofing? Phil Schiller on the Amazon Echo, App Store Upgrades, Swift, More iPhone 7 Cost Ranked By Country [Chart] More Images of New Amazon Echo Leaked in High Quality YouTube Announces Free Original Shows Starring Kevin Hart, Ellen DeGeneres, Katy Perry, More You Can Now Pay for Gas Using Your Apple Watch at ExxonMobil [Video] Tim Cook Blames 'Pause' in iPhone 7 Purchases on iPhone 8 Rumors Bosch Wins Orders to Supply Apple With Motion Sensors for Next Generation iPhone [Report] New Amazon Echo With Touchscreen Leaked? [Photo] EPIX Cast Lets Users Stream to Any Smart TV Without Additional Hardware Apple and Amazon Near Agreement to Bring Amazon Video App to Apple TV Brother Adds Apple MFi to its Entire Mobile Printer Lineup [Video] Apple Offers Chameleon Run as a Free Download via the Apple Store App Growth of iPhone Installed Base Slows in the U.S. [Report] Apple Announces $1 Billion Fund to Promote Advanced Manufacturing Jobs in the U.S. A Majority of American Homes Now Have Only Wireless Phones, No Landline [Chart] GE Announces Apple HomeKit Support is Coming to Its 'C by GE' LED Light Bulbs Hulu Launches Live TV Streaming Service: Over 50 Channels, $39.99/Month Tim Cook on Setting Records and Giving Back [Video] Hulu With Live TV App Released for iOS iPhone 8 to Feature 'Enhanced Receiver' With 'Further Improvements' to Sound and Waterproofing? LIKE   TWEET   SHARE   PIN   SHARE   POST MAIL MORE Posted 3 hours ago by iClarified · 1270 views · Translate Apple is planning to make changes to the earpiece on the next generation iPhone, according to a new research note from JPMorgan. The iPhone 8 is said to feature an 'enhanced receiver' with 'further improvements' to stereo sound and waterproofing. With the launch of the iPhone 7, the earpiece (receiver) doubles as a speaker giving you stereo sound. Presumably, the new speaker in the iPhone 8 will be louder and could be sufficiently waterproof to meet the IP68 water resistance rating rumored for the new smartphone. JPMorgan also claims that the iPhone 8 could come with AirPods instead of EarPods; however, that's quite unlikely considering there is still a 6 month shipping estimate on the wireless earphones five months after their release. (Or pay a premium on Amazon) Notably, a separate JPMorgan analyst (Rod Hall, USA), claims that Apple could preview the iPhone 8 at WWDC in June. That also seems very unlikely; however, Apple could be looking to get ahead of leaks and prepare developers for a new OS and display size. Please follow iClarified on Twitter, Facebook, Google+, or RSS for updates. [via MacRumors] Follow iClarified Comments (1) Add Comment MUKAI - 3 hours ago Caca まや Reply · Like · Mark as Spam Recent Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder News Tutorials Answers Wizards Search Comments Bookmarks Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified Send Us a Tip Contact Us Follow iClarified Facebook Twitter Google Plus Tumblr Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube RSS Download iClarified Get the iClarified app for iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac OS X, and Apple Watch! App Store Mac App Store Subscribe to iClarified Get the iClarified newsletter right to your email! Subscribe Now Explore iClarified Finder, News, Tutorials, Answers, Wizards, Search, Comments, Bookmarks, Calendar Contact iClarified Advertise on iClarified, Send Us a Tip, Contact Us Copyright © iClarified. All rights reserved. Privacy. Content.
Got a tip for us? Let us know a. Send us an email b. Anonymous form close (x)             Front Page Mac Blog iOS Blog Roundups AirPort Apple Car Apple Deals Apple Pay Apple Stores Apple TV Apple VR Project Apple Watch Series 2 CarPlay Displays iMac iOS 10 iOS 11 iPad iPad mini 4 (2015) iPad Pro iPhone 6s iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iPhone SE iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook MacBook Air MacBook Pro macOS 10.13 macOS Sierra Siri Smart Speaker tvOS 10 watchOS 3 WWDC 2017 Buyer's Guide Forums Siri Smart Speaker iPhone 7 iPhone 8 (2017) iOS 10 macOS Sierra WWDC 2017 MacBook Pro watchOS 3 Apple Watch Series 2 iPad Pro iPhone 6s MacBook tvOS 10 Apple TV iPhone SE Apple Car Apple Deals CarPlay iPad mini 4 (2015) Mac mini Mac Pro MacBook Air iOS 11 macOS 10.13 Apple VR Project iMac iPad Displays Apple Stores AirPort Apple Pay iPod nano iPod shuffle iPod touch All > New in OS X: Get MacRumors Push Notifications on your Mac Resubscribe Now Close Subscribe to the MacRumors Newsletter iPhone 8 Said to Have Enhanced Earpiece With Further Improvements to Stereo Sound and Waterproofing Saturday May 6, 2017 4:40 pm PDT by Joe Rossignol Apple's so-called "iPhone 8" with an OLED display and wireless charging will also feature an "enhanced receiver" with "further improvements" to stereo sound and waterproofing, according to new research shared this week by JPMorgan analysts, who track the company's supply chain in the Asia-Pacific region. For those unfamiliar, the receiver is the slim, meshed earpiece cutout above the screen that you hold against your ear during a phone call. Since the iPhone 7, it has doubled as a full-out speaker. With two speakers, Apple says the iPhone 7 delivers two times the audio output of an iPhone 6s with increased dynamic range. JPMorgan didn't specify what acoustical improvements will be made to the iPhone 8's receiver, but it's reasonable to assume it could have higher peak volume at the very least. The earpiece will also be more waterproof, in line with a previous rumor claiming the iPhone 8 will have even better IP68-rated water resistance. The research note also made the rather outlandish prediction that AirPods may come as a free accessory with the iPhone 8. Apple including AirPods with the iPhone 8 isn't something we've heard before, so treat the rumor with a healthy dose of skepticism. But, if the rumor proves to be accurate, AirPods would presumably replace Apple's wired EarPods with Lightning connector that it includes in the box with current iPhone models. AirPods cost $159 in the United States, considerably more than EarPods, which retail for $29 when purchased separately, and cost Apple barely anything to make, according to estimates by market research firm IHS Markit. It's unclear how much it costs Apple to manufacture a pair of AirPods. Multiple reports suggest the iPhone 8 will be expensive, with the base model costing at least as much as a maxed out iPhone 7 Plus. Given that many iPhone 8 configurations will likely exceed $1,000 in the United States, perhaps Apple will still be able to achieve a reasonable enough profit margin to include AirPods in the box. Other iPhone 8 features expected by JPMorgan have all been rumored previously, including a stainless steel and glass design, faster processor, larger battery, wireless charging, and 3D sensing module for facial recognition. JPMorgan estimates the device will be $75 to $80 more expensive to manufacture. This research note comes from a group of JPMorgan analysts in the Asia-Pacific region, including Gokul Hariharan. Not listed is Rod Hall, who covers Apple for JPMorgan in the United States. Hall is the analyst who believes there's a highly likely chance Apple will preview the iPhone 8 at WWDC in June. Related Roundup: iPhone 8 (2017) Tags: AirPods, JPMorgan [ 30 comments ] Top Rated Comments (View all) Irock619 7 hours ago at 04:43 pm Now thats true innovation ;) Rating: 3 Votes Constable Odo 4 hours ago at 07:50 pm If it really turns out to be the grail phone we've all been waiting for with wireless charging, waterproof, a solid glad bezeless slab and a terabyte of storage, well yeah that's great... but will I really pay $1500 for the privilege? Maybe not. If Apple does charge more than $1000 for the coming iPhone, will Wall Street still expect those tens of millions of iPhone purchasers to upgrade to a newer iPhone the following year? And if they don't, will analysts still claim it's due to Apple being unable to innovate? Why doesn't the same logic apply to toasters and microwave ovens? Use them a year and then upgrade to new ones. I honestly don't know when this requirement to upgrade products on a yearly basis started. When I was growing up 50 some odd years ago, I'm sure products tended to last a lot longer (many years) and we were quite happy to have a product last a long time. Why has that attitude changed so much? One would think with so much talk about dwindling resources consumers would be a lot smarter than to simply stop using perfectly working products just to buy slightly newer ones. I really don't understand this type of behavior. Rating: 2 Votes SteveJobs2.0 7 hours ago at 04:46 pm Now thats true innovation ;) Better get used to it since there is very little radical innovation that will take place in the smartphone product category. Rating: 2 Votes Aston441 4 hours ago at 07:33 pm This only makes sense if Apple gets rid of all ports on the iPhone 8 including the Lightning port. Well, it's already clear iPhone 8 will be in high-demand and short supply for months. There will not be any shortage if Touch ID is on the back. The silver lining of Touch ID on the back is Apple will finally replace senior management. Rating: 2 Votes MacFan23 6 hours ago at 06:23 pm I have said previously that they are considering including AirPods. It is the flagship iPhone, the most forward thinking and with its higher price, they are able to include them As for the sound rumors, I haven't heard them before but it wouldn't be surprising. I think you're wrong now and every time in the past. It'll come in time, but one year after the release of AirPods, which are considerably more expensive than EarPods and constantly out of stock, just doesn't make sense for apple. Rating: 2 Votes LaraCroft835 6 hours ago at 05:49 pm I have said previously that they are considering including AirPods. with Air Pods going gang busters (6 weeks wait ) why would they include them and increase the price of the phone ? Rating: 1 Votes MICHAELSD 5 hours ago at 07:02 pm This only makes sense if Apple gets rid of all ports on the iPhone 8 including the Lightning port. Well, it's already clear iPhone 8 will be in high-demand and short supply for months. Rating: 1 Votes djeeyore25 6 hours ago at 05:42 pm So the music the inconsiderate people play through their phones instead of headphones on the subway will still be terrible, but at least it'll be crystal clear. Rating: 1 Votes Aston441 6 hours ago at 05:35 pm If it really turns out to be the grail phone we've all been waiting for with wireless charging, waterproof, a solid glad bezeless slab and a terabyte of storage, well yeah that's great... but will I really pay $1500 for the privilege? Maybe not. Rating: 1 Votes JoEw 2 hours ago at 10:24 pm It'd only make sense to package AirPods with an iPhone if sales were bad and no one was paying $160 for them. All our guesses is that this isn't the case so why would Apple do this? [doublepost=1494134713][/doublepost] Come autumn, I can go to Apple's iPhone page and see what the phone ACTUALLY WILL HAVE, and it'll be 100% accurate and true, rather than listening to all this inane, insane speculatory guff. Can't wait that "long"? You have issues. Then what are you doing here? Rating: 1 Votes [ Read All Comments ] Upcoming MacBook Q2 2017 Faster Kaby Lake processors and up to 16 GB of RAM expected in second quarter 2017. WWDC 2017 June 5–9 Apple's annual developer conference moves to San Jose. iPad Pro Mid–Late 2017 New ~10.5-inch model with nearly bezel-free design rumored. iPhone 8 (2017) Fall 2017 iMac Late 2017? More Blog Stories Facebook to Debut Original TV Programs as Early as Next Month 17 hours ago on iOS Blog Facebook is actively developing around two dozen television shows with plans to premiere some of them in mid-June, according to a report on Saturday. The social media company has big-budget... 12 comments MacRumors Giveaway: Win a Bionic Bird From BiteMyApple.Co 2 days ago on iOS Blog For this week's giveaway, we've teamed up with BiteMyApple.Co to give MacRumors readers a chance to win an iPhone-connected Bionic Bird, which was originally an Indiegogo project. ... 5 comments Apple Music May Become Exclusive Home to Prince's Unreleased 1983 'Purple Rain' Concert Film 2 days ago on iOS Blog An unreleased Prince concert film and a documentary about the making of the film could be heading exclusively to Apple Music, according to sources close to the Prince estate (via Billboard). The late... 23 comments ExxonMobil Launches Apple Watch Support in 'Speedpass+' iOS App 2 days ago on iOS Blog ExxonMobil this week announced an update to its Speedpass+ iOS app, which gives users the ability to pay for fuel and car washes using their Apple Watch and Apple Pay at over 10,000 participating... 35 comments Uber Facing Criminal Probe Over Software Used to Identify Driving Regulation Officials 2 days ago on iOS Blog Uber found itself in more hot water on Thursday after Reuters revealed that the ride-hailing service is facing a criminal investigation by the U.S. government. The Department of Justice has... 55 comments Bosch to Supply Up to Half of Motion Sensors in Future iPhones 2 days ago on iOS Blog Bosch has won orders to supply Apple with some of the motion sensors in its next range of iPhones, according to a report by Bloomberg, potentially loosening Invensense's position as the primary... 18 comments YouTube to Spend Millions Producing Free-to-View Original Content 2 days ago on iOS Blog YouTube has announced plans to produce a raft of original programming beginning this year, as the Google-owned video site moves to counter the rising tide of premium streaming services like Netflix,... 20 comments Puzzle Game 'Zip-Zap' Available for Free as Apple's App of the Week 2 days ago on iOS Blog Puzzle game Zip-Zap has been named Apple's App of the Week, and as a result, it is available to download for free for the next seven days. Zip-Zap is normally priced at $1.99 and this is the... 4 comments • Apple Seeds Fifth Beta of tvOS 10.2.1 to Developers (18) • 'C by GE' Smart LED Light Bulbs Will Support HomeKit This Summer (30) • Epix Updates iOS App With 'Epix Cast' for Seamless Movie Streaming to Smart TVs (4) • Snapchat Plans Original TV Shows Lasting 3-5 Minutes Each, Partners Include ABC, HGTV, and More (12) • Apple's First Retail Location in Singapore Close to Opening as 'Apple Loves Singapore' Mural Revealed (18) • Apple's Affiliate Commission Changes Only Apply to In-App Purchases? (25) • Imagination Tech Starts 'Dispute Process' With Apple Over Chip Licensing Rights (19)   MacRumors attracts a broad audience of both consumers and professionals interested in the latest technologies and products. We also boast an active community focused on purchasing decisions and technical aspects of the iPhone, iPod, iPad, and Mac platforms. Advertise on MacRumors Our Staff Arnold Kim Editorial Director Email • Twitter Eric Slivka Editor in Chief Email • Twitter Juli Clover Editor Email • Twitter Joe Rossignol Editor Email • Twitter • Google+ Marianne Schultz Editor Email • Twitter Matt Gonzalez Video Content Producer Email • Twitter Mitchel Broussard Contributing Editor Email • Twitter Tim Hardwick Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Chris Jenkins Contributing Writer Email • Twitter Links Touch Arcade This Week's Podcast Will Be Published on Monday TouchArcade Needs Your Help - Tell Your Friends and Support Our Patreon TouchArcade Game of the Week: 'Spaceplan' 'Faeria' Looking for Beta Testers for the Phone Version of the Game Retro-Style MMORPG Dungeon Crawler 'Bit Heroes' Arriving May 11th Survive a Spike-Filled World in 'Hellmet', and Sign Up to Beta Test YouTube Is a Siri speaker coming at WWDC 2017? The Latest iPhone 8 Leaks: Vertical Camera, Stainless Steel, Touch ID Is This the iPhone 8? Hands-On with Apple's New Clips App! A New Mac Pro is Coming! Copyright © 2000- MacRumors.com, LLC. Privacy / DMCA contact / Affiliate and FTC Disclosure Mobile Version | Fixed | Fluid | Fluid HD
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Interactive Brokers Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Brokers Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Huntington National Bank Sells 74 Shares of Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Stake Boosted by Gemmer Asset Management LLC State of Alaska Department of Revenue Increases Position in Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) 3,952 Shares in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) Acquired by State of Alaska Department of Revenue Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Bought by Huntington National Bank Rothschild Investment Corp IL Purchases 983 Shares of Southern Co (SO) Huntington National Bank Maintains Stake in A Schulman Inc (SHLM) Harley-Davidson Inc (HOG) Shares Sold by State of Alaska Department of Revenue Chelsea Counsel Co. Takes Position in Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Old National Bancorp (ONB) Stake Raised by State of Alaska Department of Revenue Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Shares Bought by State of Alaska Department of Revenue Five Oaks Investment Corp (OAKS) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 11th Quixant PLC (QXT) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 11th Chemical Financial Co. (CHFC) Short Interest Update BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ocean Wilsons Holdings Limited (OCN) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 11th Short Interest in CUI Global Inc (CUI) Rises By 0.4% Biglari Holdings (BH) Given Media Impact Score of -0.27 Somewhat Critical News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Sigma Designs (SIGM) Stock Price Cesca Therapeutics (KOOL) Receives News Impact Rating of -0.25 Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (IBKR) Shares Bought by State of Alaska Department of Revenue May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR) by 2.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 7,540 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 160 shares during the period. State of Alaska Department of Revenue’s holdings in Interactive Brokers Group were worth $261,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in IBKR. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its position in Interactive Brokers Group by 15.1% in the third quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 29,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,048,000 after buying an additional 3,900 shares in the last quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. purchased a new position in Interactive Brokers Group during the third quarter valued at $2,580,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in Interactive Brokers Group by 1.9% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 46,191 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,630,000 after buying an additional 848 shares in the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in Interactive Brokers Group by 2.2% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 21,699 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $766,000 after buying an additional 476 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Interactive Brokers Group by 60.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 204,172 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $7,201,000 after buying an additional 77,259 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.14% of the company’s stock. Shares of Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR) opened at 36.13 on Friday. Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. has a 1-year low of $31.97 and a 1-year high of $40.38. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $34.84 and a 200 day moving average price of $36.48. The company has a market capitalization of $2.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.18 and a beta of 1.01. Interactive Brokers Group (NASDAQ:IBKR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The financial services provider reported $0.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.39 by $0.05. The company earned $374 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $396.98 million. Interactive Brokers Group had a net margin of 5.69% and a return on equity of 1.46%. Interactive Brokers Group’s revenue for the quarter was down 23.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.51 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. will post $1.40 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 14th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.11%. Interactive Brokers Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 31.25%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/interactive-brokers-group-inc-ibkr-shares-bought-by-state-of-alaska-department-of-revenue.html. Several equities analysts have weighed in on IBKR shares. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Interactive Brokers Group from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their price target for the company from $34.00 to $40.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. restated a “hold” rating and set a $38.00 price target on shares of Interactive Brokers Group in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Zacks Investment Research cut Interactive Brokers Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “market perform” rating and set a $37.00 price target on shares of Interactive Brokers Group in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 price target on shares of Interactive Brokers Group in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have given a hold rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $39.00. About Interactive Brokers Group Interactive Brokers Group, Inc (IBG, Inc) is a holding company. The Company is an automated global electronic broker and market maker specializing in routing orders, and executing and processing trades in securities, futures, foreign exchange instruments, bonds and mutual funds on over 120 electronic exchanges and market centers around the world and offering custody, prime brokerage, securities and margin lending services to customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IBKR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Interactive Brokers Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:IBKR). Receive News & Ratings for Interactive Brokers Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Brokers Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Bay Area political events: Town halls, nuclear weapons Giants add outfielder Justin Ruggiano to roster Stockton man charged in December Castro Valley torture killing 82 kidnapped girls freed in swap with Nigerian militants News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA France's vote ripples across Europe, markets, diplomacy Tense France chooses new president, deciding Europe's fate ADB hoping US will step up and help lead regional lender German local vote is test for Merkel's challenger Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Jazz Warriors’ Green gets 1st technical foul of playoffs A’s beat Tigers on Rosales’ 2-out hit in 9th Mike Brown brings detail-oriented approach to Warriors Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Comcast’s CNBC faces threat from Fox Business Network UC Davis sues strawberry scientists over fruits of research Spy conviction upheld for Bay Area businessman Nation’s tallest public art to top Salesforce Tower A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Kevin Garcia, Grandaddy bassist and co-founder, dies at 41 The latest from Dear Abby Guard yourself from ‘Guards at the Taj’ ‘Risk’: A fascinating, fly-on-the-wall look at Julian Assange Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Tartine Manufactory nabs spot on Food & Wine's Restaurants of the Right off the train? Here are the best spots to eat near BART Aaxte to close later this month Michael Mina's RN74 to close, to be replaced by Ayesha Curry's Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis 7 smart ideas for a low-water yard Epic winter, warm weather have Yosemite waterfalls booming Why I won't allow my 3-year-old to touch my iPhone (and my other Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Spreading the joy of nature, area hikes Weekender: Eugene is Portland’s cooler little brother? Crista Luedtke’s mini-empire put Guerneville on the map Suite Spot: Graton Resort and Casino, Rohnert Park Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Martinez bungalow with marine views, backyard waterfall asks Ken Fulk-designed condo in new luxury building 980-square-foot cottage in Palo Alto sells for $623K over asking Imagine the acoustics in this turreted master bath in Noe Valley Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Bank-regulator-looks-back-from-London-Whale-to-11125544.php Bank regulator looks back, from London Whale to Wells Fargo By Ben Protess Published 4:56 pm, Friday, May 5, 2017 Thomas Curry’s first week as a federal banking regulator was his worst. Soon after taking over the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which polices some of the nation’s largest banks, Curry learned that JPMorgan Chase was racking up billions of dollars in losses on a risky derivatives trade in London. The 2012 episode, known as the London Whale, exposed huge gaps in federal oversight of big banks. A few months after that, a Senate report cited the agency’s “systemic failures” that allowed a money-laundering scheme at HSBC “to fester and worsen.” Five years and hundreds of millions of dollars in fines later — for JPMorgan, HSBC and others — Curry is known for overhauling the agency and its approach to bank regulation. But on Friday, he was gone. The Trump administration removed Curry from his role last week, nearly a month after his term expired, alarming Democratic lawmakers who fear a return to the days when the agency was more of a cheerleader than a watchdog. Latest business videos The lawmakers, noting that President Trump has vowed to dismantle Obama-era financial rules, raised concerns about the administration’s choice to replace Curry. The Treasury Department announced that Keith Noreika, a longtime banking lawyer, would serve as acting comptroller until the president nominates a new one. Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, the top Democrat on the Banking Committee, called it “disturbing that the president is rushing to replace Curry with an acting appointee who has clear conflicts of interest.” Whoever his formal successor might be — Joseph Otting, a former top executive at OneWest is reportedly under consideration — Curry’s departure signals the near-conclusion of Obama-era bank regulation, a period known for big fines and long rules, as well as lingering concerns about the culture of an industry that has faced its share of scandals. Curry’s departure follows the exit of Daniel Tarullo, the Federal Reserve official who led efforts to strengthen financial regulation. Curry spoke to the New York Times this week about his tenure and the challenges that lie ahead for banking regulators in the Trump administration. Below are excerpts from the interview. Q: What did the London Whale episode do to shape your approach at the agency? A: At the time, I think my head was spinning. But I really actually think it was a good thing. It caused us to look at how could we be better and I think that was probably the defining reason that people — my management team here and the staff — bought into the need to get an external review of how we supervise, to actually examine how well we examine. That kind of got to be the road map to trying to make this a really stellar, what I hope and think is, a stellar bank supervisory agency. To my knowledge, no other regulator globally has ever done that. Q: You also removed some of the old-guard people at the agency who had a more deregulatory approach. And you installed people like Paul Nash, from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., as top aides. A: You need to have a shared vision. Like I said, the good part about having the London Whale and HSBC was you couldn’t argue that there wasn’t a problem that we needed to confront as an agency. I think people feel pretty good about the agency today and where we’re headed. Q: There’s the Volcker Rule and rules requiring banks to hold greater capital, but what was the idea behind your lesser-known “heightened standards” for bank executives and boards? A: You need the rules — capital and liquidity requirements are essential. But what we provide is the ability to assess the risk management structures at institutions and corporate governance. What we did with heightened standards is basically said, “The bigger you are, the more we expect of you.” Q: You once saide that the relationship between your agency and the banks was akin to “a priest-penitent relationship.” Have the banks gotten any better at confessing their sins? A: Ideally, we want the bank to find these things first. The industry is getting much better at that. Nobody is perfect yet. Q: You also pushed for a culture change in your own agency, and yet you released a damning report last month in which the agency acknowledged that its oversight of Wells Fargo during the whole fake account scheme was “untimely and ineffective.” A: I think we’ve made great progress. To be a strong organization requires you to take a look at yourself and your actions. To learn from it. That really was why I thought it was important to do the lessons learned review — and also painful as it may be to our pride — to do it publicly. Again, I don’t see any other agencies taking a problem by the horns, acknowledging it and then doing something about correcting it. Q: Are you worried about your successor unwinding the new regulatory approach? A: I don’t think anyone wants to repeat the mistakes of the past. You need a sound rule book, and then you need highly trained professionals, dedicated supervisors to make an assessment of how well (the banks) are adhering to that framework. I think you can play around on the edges, but as long as you have those key elements in place you have a good system. Q: How much of a surprise was it when you got the call from the Trump administration? A: My term ended in early April. I offered to stay on as long as the administration wanted me. I live in Boston and I have a rented apartment here. I told people I went month-to-month on my apartment and I was month-to-month on the comptroller’s job. Q: Any advice for the next guy? A: You really have to be prepared for the next downturn. You can’t stop banks from making mistakes on individual loans. It’s not our job. But it is our job to make sure that the banks are safe and sound and the system itself is stable. Ben Protess is a New York Times writer. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Vallejo man falls to death at St. Helena winery Steve Kerr undergoes spinal cord leak procedure Giants get blown out by Reds...again Olympic bobsledder Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead Anti-vaxxers spark a state's worst measles outbreak in decades Texas adoption agencies could ban Jews, gays, Muslims Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Jazz Calif. police kill boy, 15, in school parking lot Ranking each movie of 2017 so far from worst to first Man photoshops himself into Kendall Jenner's Instagram photos Met Gala brings out the best and the bizarre Howard Stern and Robert Plant dined at same Marin restaurant Helen Mirren filming ‘Winchester’ in San Jose this weekend 10 questions with a local: Ronnie Lott Bolinas home puts surrounding nature on display Palatial playground surrounded by vineyard views in Ukiah With new San Francisco restaurant, Ayesha Curry dreams big Aaxte to close later this month, Du Nord going back to music TODAY'S TOP PICKS Lavish hats and posh celebrities at the Kentucky Derby Epic winter, warm weather have Yosemite waterfalls booming Looking back at the EO-1 satellite's amazing photography Most Popular 1 Man photoshops himself into Kendall Jenner's Instagram photos 2 Vallejo man falls to death at winery In St. Helena 3 Huge talent of 49ers picks Foster, Williams comes with issues 4 San Diego police killed boy, 15, in school parking lot 5 US bobsledder Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead 6 Ranking each movie of 2017 so far from worst to first 7 Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Jazz 8 Anti-vaccine activists spark a state's worst measles outbreak... 9 New 49ers quarterbacks are a tough act 10 3 teenage girls arrested in attack on woman on BART View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Horizon National Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Given Hold Rating at Stephens InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cabot Corp (CBT) to Hold Trillium Asset Management LLC Sells 1,695 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.786 Million Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 139,385 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) El Paso Electric Company (EE) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) to “Buy” Kinross Gold Co. (K) PT Raised to C$5.50 at TD Securities MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stock Price Up 8.2% on Earnings Beat Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stock Price Up 16.3% on Earnings Beat Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Trading Up 7.8% After Strong Earnings Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Trading Up 19.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Sees Large Volume Increase After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Universal Display Co. (OLED) Sees Large Volume Increase After Dividend Announcement Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Given Hold Rating at Stephens May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stephens reissued their hold rating on shares of First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) in a report issued on Thursday morning. A number of other analysts have also recently commented on FHN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised First Horizon National Corp from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Wells Fargo & Co raised First Horizon National Corp from an underperform rating to a market perform rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. JMP Securities assumed coverage on First Horizon National Corp in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. They issued a market perform rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut First Horizon National Corp from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a buy rating and issued a $21.00 price objective on shares of First Horizon National Corp in a report on Monday, April 10th. Eight investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $18.93. Shares of First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) traded down 0.81% on Thursday, hitting $18.37. The stock had a trading volume of 5,591,687 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $18.42 and its 200-day moving average price is $18.81. First Horizon National Corp has a 12 month low of $12.46 and a 12 month high of $20.84. The company has a market cap of $4.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.94 and a beta of 1.17. First Horizon National Corp (NYSE:FHN) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $0.23 EPS for the quarter, hitting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.23. First Horizon National Corp had a return on equity of 8.73% and a net margin of 16.57%. The company earned $306.65 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $324.31 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.20 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up .1% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that First Horizon National Corp will post $1.11 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/first-horizon-national-corp-fhn-given-hold-rating-at-stephens.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be issued a $0.09 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. This represents a $0.36 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.96%. First Horizon National Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 29.79%. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Group LTD boosted its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 95.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 607,984 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $9,259,000 after buying an additional 297,457 shares during the period. Rhumbline Advisers raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 5.1% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 392,923 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,984,000 after buying an additional 19,139 shares in the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 17.9% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 472,926 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $7,203,000 after buying an additional 71,671 shares in the last quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 9.3% in the third quarter. New York State Common Retirement Fund now owns 593,700 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $9,042,000 after buying an additional 50,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of First Horizon National Corp by 0.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 691,753 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $10,535,000 after buying an additional 5,313 shares in the last quarter. 81.70% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. First Horizon National Corp Company Profile First Horizon National Corporation (FHN) is a bank holding company. The Company provides financial services through its subsidiary, First Tennessee Bank National Association (the Bank). The Company has four segments: regional banking, fixed income, corporate and non-strategic. The Company’s regional banking segment offers financial products and services, including traditional lending and deposit taking, to retail and commercial customers in Tennessee and other selected markets. Receive News & Ratings for First Horizon National Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Horizon National Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LGI Homes Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LGI Homes Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Herc Holdings Inc Issued By Jefferies Group (HRI) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for LGI Homes Inc Issued By Wedbush (LGIH) Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of ($0.89) Per Share Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday AgroFresh Solutions Inc (AGFS) Set to Announce Earnings on Tuesday A-Mark Precious Metals Inc (AMRK) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday -$0.45 EPS Expected for Proteon Therapeutics Inc (PRTO) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Anticipate CDK Global Inc (CDK) to Post $0.54 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Sientra Inc (SIEN) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $6.37 Million Enova International Inc (ENVA) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Upland Software Inc (UPLD) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.25 Per Share -$0.17 EPS Expected for Vascular Biogenics Ltd (VBLT) This Quarter Brokerages Set Juno Therapeutics Inc (JUNO) Target Price at $32.37 Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) PT at $46.78 Analysts Expect On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) to Post $0.72 EPS Analysts Anticipate Dermira Inc (DERM) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.86 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Dominion Midstream Partners LP (DM) Will Post Earnings of $0.37 Per Share Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Receives $54.50 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for LGI Homes Inc Issued By Wedbush (LGIH) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet LGI Homes Inc (NASDAQ:LGIH) – Analysts at Wedbush decreased their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for LGI Homes in a report issued on Thursday. Wedbush analyst J. Mccanless now forecasts that the financial services provider will post earnings per share of $0.46 for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of $0.51. Wedbush has a “Neutral” rating and a $35.00 price target on the stock. Wedbush also issued estimates for LGI Homes’ Q1 2018 earnings at $0.61 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $1.01 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $1.12 EPS and Q4 2018 earnings at $1.35 EPS. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on LGIH. BTIG Research began coverage on LGI Homes in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Wells Fargo & Co downgraded LGI Homes from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $37.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/q1-2017-earnings-forecast-for-lgi-homes-inc-issued-by-wedbush-lgih.html. LGI Homes (NASDAQ:LGIH) opened at 29.73 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $31.66 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.80. The stock has a market cap of $633.58 million, a P/E ratio of 8.72 and a beta of 0.19. LGI Homes has a 52-week low of $23.86 and a 52-week high of $40.47. LGI Homes (NASDAQ:LGIH) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, March 7th. The financial services provider reported $1.01 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.94 by $0.07. The company earned $236.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $236.26 million. LGI Homes had a return on equity of 23.66% and a net margin of 8.68%. LGI Homes’s revenue was up 33.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.75 earnings per share. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of LGI Homes by 313.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 72,674 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,678,000 after buying an additional 55,083 shares during the period. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC increased its stake in shares of LGI Homes by 8.9% in the third quarter. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC now owns 2,143,479 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $78,966,000 after buying an additional 174,535 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System purchased a new stake in shares of LGI Homes during the fourth quarter valued at about $251,000. New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in shares of LGI Homes by 14.0% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 12,214 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $351,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of LGI Homes by 267.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,473,784 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $54,294,000 after buying an additional 1,072,208 shares during the period. 82.09% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. In other news, CEO Eric Thomas Lipar sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.49, for a total transaction of $304,900.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 534,175 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,286,995.75. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Rachel Lyons Eaton sold 850 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.29, for a total value of $27,446.50. Following the sale, the insider now owns 27,526 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $888,814.54. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 37,735 shares of company stock valued at $1,200,463 in the last quarter. Insiders own 17.50% of the company’s stock. About LGI Homes LGI Homes, Inc is a homebuilder and land developer. The Company is engaged in the design, construction, marketing and sale of new homes in markets in Texas, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, New Mexico, South Carolina, North Carolina, Colorado, Washington and Tennessee. The Company operates through five segments: the Texas division, the Southwest division, the Southeast division, the Florida division and the Northwest division. Receive News & Ratings for LGI Homes Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LGI Homes Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Garmin Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Set Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) PT at $46.78 Analysts Expect On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) to Post $0.72 EPS Analysts Anticipate Dermira Inc (DERM) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.86 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Dominion Midstream Partners LP (DM) Will Post Earnings of $0.37 Per Share Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Receives $54.50 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages $2.43 Earnings Per Share Expected for CIGNA Co. (CI) This Quarter Fang Holdings Ltd (SFUN) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Brokerages Set F.N.B. Corp (FNB) Price Target at $17.17 Engie SA (GSZ) Receives €14.62 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Terra Nitrogen Company, L.P. (TNH) Declares $0.97 Quarterly Dividend Retail Properties of America Inc (RPAI) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Shutterfly (SFLY) Share Price Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Brokerages Expect Nike Inc (NKE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.61 Billion Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nike Inc (NKE) Will Announce Earnings of $0.49 Per Share Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect Finisar (FNSR) Share Price Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Stock Price Analysts Set Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) PT at $46.78 May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the twelve ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price target among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $49.38. GRMN has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Garmin from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Garmin in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Garmin from a “sell” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $48.00 to $52.00 in a research report on Monday, March 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Tigress Financial initiated coverage on shares of Garmin in a research report on Tuesday. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Garmin from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and cut their target price for the stock from $55.00 to $50.00 in a research report on Thursday. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) traded up 2.08% during trading on Monday, hitting $52.49. The stock had a trading volume of 1,574,300 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $50.67 and its 200-day moving average price is $50.25. Garmin has a 1-year low of $39.24 and a 1-year high of $56.19. The company has a market capitalization of $9.90 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.44 and a beta of 0.86. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.52 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.45 by $0.07. Garmin had a net margin of 17.24% and a return on equity of 16.15%. The business earned $638.50 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $629.11 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.49 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 2.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Garmin will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current year. In other news, VP Andrew R. Etkind sold 6,524 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.57, for a total transaction of $356,014.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Insiders own 18.30% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of GRMN. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Garmin by 3.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 6,024,720 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $292,131,000 after buying an additional 216,577 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of Garmin by 1.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,039,638 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $146,237,000 after buying an additional 45,799 shares during the last quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG increased its stake in shares of Garmin by 18.9% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 2,140,860 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $103,810,000 after buying an additional 340,484 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Garmin during the fourth quarter worth about $92,422,000. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Garmin by 16.7% in the fourth quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 1,816,807 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $88,097,000 after buying an additional 259,336 shares during the last quarter. 37.39% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/analysts-set-garmin-ltd-grmn-pt-at-46-78.html. About Garmin Garmin Ltd. (Garmin) and subsidiaries offer global positioning system (GPS) navigation and wireless devices and applications. The Company operates through five segments. It offers a range of auto navigation products, as well as a range of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market. It offers products to consumers around the world, including Outdoor Handhelds, Wearable Devices, Golf Devices, and Dog Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Garmin Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) Share Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Affect Shutterfly (SFLY) Share Price Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Brokerages Expect Nike Inc (NKE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $8.61 Billion Zacks: Brokerages Expect Nike Inc (NKE) Will Announce Earnings of $0.49 Per Share Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect Finisar (FNSR) Share Price Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Stock Price KEMET (KEM) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.17 MasTec (MTZ) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.26 Industrias Bachoco, S.A.B. de C.V. (iba) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 11th Headwaters Inc (HW) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Churchill Downs, Inc. (CHDN) Will Announce Earnings of $4.48 Per Share Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Oasis Petroleum (OAS) Stock Price MGE Energy (MGEE) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.25 Brokerages Set NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Price Target at $139.75 Mazor Robotics Ltd – (MZOR) Receives $29.75 Average PT from Brokerages SQS Software Quality Systems AG Plans Dividend of €0.15 (SQS) American Campus Communities, Inc. (ACC) Raises Dividend to $0.44 Per Share GenMark Diagnostics (GNMK) Given Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Service Co. International (SCI) Stock Price Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) have been trending somewhat positive on Saturday, according to Alpha One. The research firm, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. earned a daily sentiment score of 0.16 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media headlines about the real estate investment trust an impact score of 70 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the immediate future. PEI has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. TheStreet lowered Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an “underweight” rating and set a $14.00 target price (down previously from $15.00) on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 target price for the company. in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have issued a hold rating to the company. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.80. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) traded down 2.57% on Friday, reaching $12.14. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,325,255 shares. The stock’s market cap is $846.73 million. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $14.50 and a 200-day moving average of $17.46. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a one year low of $12.10 and a one year high of $25.67. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative return on equity of 3.62% and a negative net margin of 6.65%. The business had revenue of $89.26 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $97.98 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.43 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 12.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.18) EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 1st will be given a dividend of $0.21 per share. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 6.92%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio is currently -133.33%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-earning-somewhat-positive-media-coverage-alphaone-reports.html. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Company Profile Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance KT Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for KT Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Affect The Coca-Cola (KO) Stock Price KT Corp (KT) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 pSivida Corp. (PSDV) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds F&C Commercial Property Trust Limited (FCPT) Declares Dividend of GBX 0.50 Middleby Corp (MIDD) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.13 Per Share Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact DuPont Fabros Technology (DFT) Share Price DNB Financial Corp (DNBF) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.10 Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Receives $79.65 Consensus Target Price from Analysts PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Receives $69.77 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Container Store Group Inc (TCS) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Receives $18.57 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 Steris PLC (STE) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Dun & Bradstreet Corp (DNB) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Lincoln National (LNC) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.09 Ingredion (INGR) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds PPL Corp (PPL) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Express (EXPR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Analysts Anticipate SJW Group (SJW) to Post $0.64 Earnings Per Share KT Corp (KT) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09 May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about KT Corp (NYSE:KT) has been trending somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One. The research group, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. KT Corp earned a news impact score of 0.09 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media coverage about the technology company an impact score of 50 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is somewhat likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: South Korea launches new tele-communications satellite (poandpo.com) Handloom industry produces Rs 717 cr worth clothes: KTR (nyoooz.com) Refurbished Galaxy Note 7 Gets Certified, Coming To Korea (hoyentv.com) What JPMorgan’s Telcos Guru Likes Right Now (barrons.com) Dual-payload delivery: Ariane 5 sends SGDC and KOREASAT-7 to geostationary transfer orbit (arianespace.com) Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of KT Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $18.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. KT Corp (NYSE:KT) traded up 0.83% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $15.79. 638,609 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average is $16.50 and its 200 day moving average is $15.40. KT Corp has a one year low of $13.34 and a one year high of $17.24. The firm has a market capitalization of $7.74 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.45 and a beta of 0.55. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “KT Corp (KT) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.09” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/kt-corp-kt-given-daily-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-09.html. KT Corp Company Profile KT Corporation is a telecommunications service provider. The Company’s segments include the Customer/Marketing Group, the Finance Business Group and the Others Group. The Customer/Marketing Group segment is engaged in providing various telecommunication services to individual/home/corporate customers and the convergence business. Receive News & Ratings for KT Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for KT Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Maya Deleon: How to save money fast May 6, 2017 - Business - no comments By Maya Deleon TRIBUNE NEWS SERVICE As much as 47 percent of Americans have no money in savings and would be challenged to pay for an emergency that cost more than $400, according to a 2015 report published by the Federal Reserve Board’s Division of Consumer and Community Affairs. In the many families living paycheck to paycheck, the idea of saving even a few dollars can seem out of reach. However, there are a few things people can do to learn how to save money fast and build up a savings account. By changing a few common spending habits, you can avoid spending more than you need to. Five ways to save money fast: – Set up automatic payments for bills With busy lives and busy schedules, it’s common for people to forget to pay some bills on time. One of the easy ways to save money is to simply pay your bills when they’re due. Companies typically charge a 10 percent to 15 percent late fee for any balances that are overdue. While this might amount to just $5 here or $10 there, those fees quickly add up, especially if you pay multiple bills late. Set up automatic payments for bills to ensure they’re paid on time and avoid the late fees. It’s important to keep an eye on your bank account balance to avoid overdrafts of the account and accumulating additional fees. – Switch banks Banks make their money from fees. In fact, the top three banks in the U.S. – JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Wells Fargo – collected more than $6 billion in overdraft and ATM fees alone in 2015, according to Time. If you pay monthly fees for a checking or savings account, it’s time to switch banks. There are several banks that offer free accounts, and some that will even give you money just for opening an account. Move your money to a new account and stop paying fees to the bigger banks. – Sign up for rewards and loyalty programs There’s a good chance that you already have discount cards for grocery stores and drug stores in your area. If you don’t, sign up for immediate savings on food, household supplies and other goods you use on a daily basis. If you do, then make sure you’re using the programs to their fullest. Sign up for emails and download apps to receive additional savings. Use the cards regularly for help saving money at the checkout or to earn rewards for free items, discounts at the gas pump or even money off of future purchases. – Buy with cash instead of credit You can trick your brain into saving money every time you got to the store by using cash instead of a credit card to make a purchase. If you have $100 in cash, that’s your limit. You have to start putting items back if you exceed that limit. If you have a credit card, you can go over your $100 limit and justify it by saying that you were close. – Stop paying for convenience It’s the American way to pay for convenience. People are willing to pay $5 for a taco they can make at home for less than $1. They pay $6 for a cup of coffee at a local cafe rather than brew an entire pot of coffee at home for a few pennies. Whenever companies develop new, convenient products and services, people are all too willing to pay for them. Taking a little extra time out of your day to make your own food, brew your own coffee or clean and repair things around the house can fatten up your bank account quickly. Changing spending habits takes time and can be difficult, but everyone can use help learning how to save money fast. By analyzing how you spend your money, creating a budget and actually sticking to it, you can start saving a little bit of money here and there. You need to be Logged in to sign up for Express Login. That small savings quickly adds up, and you can find yourself with more money left in your checking account at the end of a week or month and a fatter savings account by the end of the year. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from Business Firm simplifies patients’ medical bills May 6, 2017 - Business - no comments MILWAUKEE – Health Payment Systems was founded on a simple idea: People would be more likely to pay their medical bills – and pay them sooner – if they received one, easy-to-understand bill. End up in a hospital emergency department… Read Post → Divorce, big tax bill complicate finances for mother of two May 6, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Taxes - no comments SEATTLE – For six years Kirsten Flack was a stay-at-home mom with small children and a husband who earned a comfortable income. Then everything came crashing down in divorce. In the summer of 2012, Flack, now 48, rented a house… Read Post → Thousands of people fill arena to hear from Warren Buffett May 6, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media Towns: Litchfield Hills, Warren CT - no comments   OMAHA, Neb. (AP) — Listening to Warren Buffett never gets old to the thousands of Berkshire Hathaway shareholders filling an arena to listen to the billionaire investor at the company’s annual meeting. The chance to hear Buffett and Berkshire… Read Post → How Burger King revealed the hackability of voice assistants May 5, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Social media - no comments NEW YORK Burger King pulled a pretty juicy marketing stunt last month that drew plenty of attention – not just to the Whopper, but also to the intrinsic vulnerabilities of a new type of voice-activated gadget. The fast food chain’s… Read Post → Traffic signals in Frisco will soon talk with cars as part of a new technology push May 5, 2017 - Business - no comments What if you knew when you stopped at a traffic signal whether you had two minutes or 10 seconds before the light turned green? That basic information has been shown to provide an extra level of comfort for drivers. And… Read Post → Tech review: Big TV sound for big price: Sonos Playbase packs power of 10 speakers May 5, 2017 - Business - no comments Sonos. It’s the gold standard for multi-room audio. It brings you the ability to play music throughout your house with the sound synced perfectly from room to room. It also has the ability to play different audio to each room… Read Post → Jury awards record-setting $110.5M in baby powder lawsuit May 5, 2017 - Business - no comments ST. LOUIS (AP) — A St. Louis jury has awarded a Virginia woman a record-setting $110.5 million in the latest lawsuit alleging that using Johnson & Johnson’s baby powder caused cancer. The jury ruling Thursday night for 62-year-old Lois Slemp,… Read Post → Anthem asks Supreme Court to review blocked Cigna deal May 5, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Medicare, Supreme Court - no comments   INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Health insurer Anthem is not ready to give up its $48-billlion bid for rival Cigna and now hopes to find a favorable audience in the U.S. Supreme Court. The Blue Cross-Blue Shield insurer is asking the… Read Post → US employers add strong 211,000 jobs; unemployment 4.4 pct. May 5, 2017 - Business - no comments   WASHINGTON (AP) — Hiring in the United States rebounded in April as employers added a brisk 211,000 jobs, a sign that the economy’s slump in the first three months of the year could prove temporary. The unemployment rate dipped… Read Post → Algae killing Florida lagoon and the creatures in it May 4, 2017 - Business - Tagged: Taxes - no comments ON THE INDIAN RIVER LAGOON, Fla. – The most biologically diverse waterway in America is seriously ill. The Indian River Lagoon is repeatedly being choked with oxygen-robbing algae, its surface increasingly dotted with thousands of dead fish, manatees, birds and… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Gilbert School’s dorm still at least two weeks away 4 hours ago Mets top Marlins, 11-3; Cabrera injured 4 hours ago Yankees hammer Cubs for 4th straight win 4 hours ago Man loses money, cellphone in Robbins Street mugging 4 hours ago Uniting for the United Way 4 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community enter_Arts Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls Does '13 Reasons Why' glamorize suicide? Yes No I haven't watched it View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments raycity222 on Quotable raycity222 on Trump tax plan raycity222 on Many parishes to perish 1blessed on Trump policy snares Prospect man saints on State Democrats outraged Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 05/06/2017 11-21-31-41-59 PB-21Next Drawing: Wed. May. 10Next Jackpot: $165.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $101.0 Mega Millions for 05/05/2017 04-23-33-47-53 MB-07 MP-4Next Drawing: Tue. May. 9Next Jackpot: $25.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $15.2 Lotto! for 05/05/2017 03-04-05-11-30-33Next Drawing: Tue. May. 9Next Jackpot: $2.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,629,000 Lucky for Life for 05/04/2017 05-22-29-33-45 LB-02Next Drawing: Mon. May. 8 Cash5 for 05/06/2017 01-12-14-26-35 Upcoming Events Apr 21 Fri all-day Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Noni Cimino’s Kitchen @ Milford Center for the Arts Apr 21 – May 7 all-day Award-winning Pantochino Productions Inc. presents a new musical about a lovable, sharp-witted Italian grandmother. She’ll make you laugh. She’ll make you cry. She’ll make you lasagna. Meet her and the entire Italian-American family in this hilarious, big-hearted new musical about... Apr 29 Sat all-day Art Exhibit @ Crescent Gallery Art Exhibit @ Crescent Gallery Apr 29 – May 14 all-day “Over the Rainbow.” Meet-and-greet with the artists 10 a.m.-1 p.m. on Thursdays. Exhibit ends May 14. May 5 Fri all-day Connecticut Artists’ Spring Show... @ Fine Line Art Gallery Connecticut Artists’ Spring Show... @ Fine Line Art Gallery May 5 – May 7 all-day Fine Line Art Gallery in Woodbury is excited to announce its annual event, Connecticut Artists’ Spring Show, on May 5th, 6th and 7th. Included in the show will be oil, watercolor, acrylic and pastel paintings, as well as prints, photography,... 1:00 pm Connecticut Spring In-Water Boat... @ Brewer Essex Island Marina Connecticut Spring In-Water Boat... @ Brewer Essex Island Marina May 5 @ 1:00 pm – May 7 @ 5:00 pm Boats varying in size from 20-75ft will journey into the Essex, CT harbor attracting interested boat buyers from Connecticut, New York, Rhode Island and beyond. Free admission and free parking. New and pre-owned sail and power boats all in one... May 7 Sun 9:00 am Wildflower Walk @ Hidden Valley Preserve, Route 47 Wildflower Walk @ Hidden Valley Preserve, Route 47 May 7 @ 9:00 am – 11:00 am Bring water, binoculars. View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Trump policy snares Prospect man Trump's first three months are cause for grave concern Mental health cuts loom State Democrats outraged Obamacare creating a medical mess Today Week Month All Man stabbed at Waterbury motel State police search for driver who fled scene of accident in Waterbury Driver charged in fatal crash in Waterbury Trump policy snares Prospect man Cindy Ann Coer Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Bay Area political events: Town halls, nuclear weapons Giants add outfielder Justin Ruggiano to roster Stockton man charged in December Castro Valley torture killing 82 kidnapped girls freed in swap with Nigerian militants News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA France's vote ripples across Europe, markets, diplomacy Tense France chooses new president, deciding Europe's fate ADB hoping US will step up and help lead regional lender German local vote is test for Merkel's challenger Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Jazz Warriors’ Green gets 1st technical foul of playoffs A’s beat Tigers on Rosales’ 2-out hit in 9th Mike Brown brings detail-oriented approach to Warriors Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Comcast’s CNBC faces threat from Fox Business Network UC Davis sues strawberry scientists over fruits of research Spy conviction upheld for Bay Area businessman Nation’s tallest public art to top Salesforce Tower A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Kevin Garcia, Grandaddy bassist and co-founder, dies at 41 The latest from Dear Abby Guard yourself from ‘Guards at the Taj’ ‘Risk’: A fascinating, fly-on-the-wall look at Julian Assange Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Tartine Manufactory nabs spot on Food & Wine's Restaurants of the Right off the train? Here are the best spots to eat near BART Aaxte to close later this month Michael Mina's RN74 to close, to be replaced by Ayesha Curry's Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis 7 smart ideas for a low-water yard Epic winter, warm weather have Yosemite waterfalls booming Why I won't allow my 3-year-old to touch my iPhone (and my other Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Spreading the joy of nature, area hikes Weekender: Eugene is Portland’s cooler little brother? Crista Luedtke’s mini-empire put Guerneville on the map Suite Spot: Graton Resort and Casino, Rohnert Park Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Martinez bungalow with marine views, backyard waterfall asks Ken Fulk-designed condo in new luxury building 980-square-foot cottage in Palo Alto sells for $623K over asking Imagine the acoustics in this turreted master bath in Noe Valley Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/nation/article/Warren-Buffett-says-Wells-Fargo-botched-response-11126919.php Warren Buffett says Wells Fargo botched response to abuses By Noah Buhayar, Laura J. Keller and Jordyn Holman Published 4:10 pm, Saturday, May 6, 2017 Photo: Daniel Acker, Bloomberg Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Warren Buffett controls the largest stake in Wells Fargo & Co. Warren Buffett controls the largest stake in Wells Fargo & Co. Photo: Daniel Acker, Bloomberg Warren Buffett says Wells Fargo botched response to abuses 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Warren Buffett, who controls the largest stake in Wells Fargo & Co., said the San Francisco bank mishandled the fake-account scandal by failing to act promptly to fix abuses that tarnished the lender’s reputation and made it harder to attract customers. “They were totally wrong on that,” Buffett said Saturday in Omaha, Neb., at the annual meeting of his Berkshire Hathaway Inc. “The main problem was they didn’t act when they learned about it.” Wells Fargo shares are little changed from their 2014 closing price, while rivals Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase have each advanced more than 30 percent in that span. The scandal has spurred millions of dollars in fines and legal costs and dented Wells Fargo’s standing as one of the country’s best run banks. In October, Chief Executive Officer John Stumpf resigned after being hauled in front of Congress to testify on why the lender opened accounts without customers’ permission. To repair the damage, the company bolstered internal controls, abandoned sales and bonus targets that were linked to the abuses, and promoted Tim Sloan to be CEO. The bank also eliminated or clawed back about $180 million in pay, much of it from Stumpf and former community bank head Carrie Tolstedt. Latest news videos Buffett said Saturday that flawed compensation systems — such as the arrangement that rewarded Wells Fargo employees for meeting aggressive sales goals — are a periodic problem for companies, and can promote the wrong behavior. “It was bad enough having a bad system,” Buffett said, building on his prior remarks about the bank. “But they didn’t act.” Six months ago, Buffett called Stumpf a “very decent man” who “made a hell of a mistake” by being too slow to respond to the bank’s problems. Still, the billionaire voted to re-elect the bank’s slate of directors last month. Buffett controls about 500 million shares of Wells Fargo, primarily through Berkshire. The stake was valued at more than $25 billion as of Friday’s close, making it one of his top holdings. The first question he faced at the annual meeting was about the bank. The billionaire also said Saturday that the lender should have acted when employees called internal hotlines to complain about colleagues’ wrongdoing. Some former workers claim they were fired for flagging misconduct related to opening accounts without customers’ knowledge and other sales abuses. Buffett said it was a “a huge, huge, huge error” for the company to ignore complaints or send them “back down to somebody down below” rather than elevate them. He contrasted that with Berkshire’s hotline, which he said is “the main source of information for me about anything that’s being done wrong at a subsidiary.” A Wells Fargo board report into the bank’s sales practices concluded after a “limited review” that there wasn’t “documentary evidence suggesting purposeful retaliation” against workers who raised concerns. Sloan, the bank’s CEO, has said most calls to what the bank calls the EthicsLine were handled properly and promised to fix cases where they weren’t. Noah Buhayar, Laura J. Keller and Jordyn Holman are Bloomberg News writers. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Vallejo man falls to death at St. Helena winery Steve Kerr undergoes spinal cord leak procedure Giants get blown out by Reds...again Olympic bobsledder Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead Anti-vaxxers spark a state's worst measles outbreak in decades Texas adoption agencies could ban Jews, gays, Muslims Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Jazz Calif. police kill boy, 15, in school parking lot Ranking each movie of 2017 so far from worst to first Man photoshops himself into Kendall Jenner's Instagram photos Met Gala brings out the best and the bizarre Howard Stern and Robert Plant dined at same Marin restaurant Helen Mirren filming ‘Winchester’ in San Jose this weekend 10 questions with a local: Ronnie Lott Bolinas home puts surrounding nature on display Palatial playground surrounded by vineyard views in Ukiah With new San Francisco restaurant, Ayesha Curry dreams big Aaxte to close later this month, Du Nord going back to music TODAY'S TOP PICKS Lavish hats and posh celebrities at the Kentucky Derby Epic winter, warm weather have Yosemite waterfalls booming Looking back at the EO-1 satellite's amazing photography Most Popular 1 Man photoshops himself into Kendall Jenner's Instagram photos 2 Vallejo man falls to death at winery In St. Helena 3 Huge talent of 49ers picks Foster, Williams comes with issues 4 San Diego police killed boy, 15, in school parking lot 5 US bobsledder Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead 6 Ranking each movie of 2017 so far from worst to first 7 Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Jazz 8 Anti-vaccine activists spark a state's worst measles outbreak... 9 New 49ers quarterbacks are a tough act 10 3 teenage girls arrested in attack on woman on BART LATEST NEWS Vallejo man falls to death at St. Helena winery Steve Kerr undergoes spinal cord leak procedure Giants get blown out by Reds...again Olympic bobsledder Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead Anti-vaxxers spark a state's worst measles outbreak in decades Texas adoption agencies could ban Jews, gays, Muslims Kevin Durant powers Warriors to Game 3 win over Jazz Calif. police kill boy, 15, in school parking lot View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Transportadora de Gas del Sur SA (TGS) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.11 (JLS) Nuveen Minnesota Quality Municipal Income Fund (NMS) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 11th Retail Properties of America (RPAI) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Seabridge Gold (SA) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.19 Nuveen Massachusetts Pre Income Mun Fd (NMT) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.05 on June 1st $0.77 EPS Expected for Woodward Inc (WWD) This Quarter $75.41 Million in Sales Expected for Paylocity Holding Corp (PCTY) This Quarter Colfax Corp (CFX) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.08 Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.29 Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect EQT (EQT) Share Price Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Penske Automotive Group (PAG) Stock Price Nuveen Michigan Qlity Incom Municipal Fd (NUM) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Wendys Co (WEN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Quorum Health Corp (QHC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zillow Group, Inc. (ZG) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Receives $18.50 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Magnachip Semiconductor Corp (MX) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.10 Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.25 May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) have trended somewhat positive recently, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a unit of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort earned a news impact score of 0.25 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the transportation company an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the media stories that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment’s analysis: Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (OMAB) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy (americanbankingnews.com) Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte posts profit (finance.yahoo.com) OMA makes a Second Call for an Extraordinary Shareholders’ Meeting (finance.yahoo.com) OMA announces payment date for Ps. 1,600 million dividend (finance.yahoo.com) OMA’s Annual Shareholders’ Meeting approves Ps. 1,600 million dividend payment (finance.yahoo.com) A number of equities analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.00. Shares of Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort (NASDAQ:OMAB) traded up 2.43% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $45.02. 95,001 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $43.66 and a 200-day moving average of $39.50. Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort has a 52-week low of $30.05 and a 52-week high of $53.58. The stock has a market cap of $2.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.33 and a beta of 0.98. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/grupo-aeroportuario-del-centro-nort-omab-earns-news-sentiment-score-of-0-25.html. About Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Norte, SAB. de C.V. is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, holds concessions to operate, maintain and develop over 10 airports in Mexico. The Company’s segments include Metropolitan, Tourist, Regional, Border, Hotel and Other. The Company also engages in various commercial and diversification activities conducted at its airports, such as the leasing of space to restaurants and retailers, the operation of parking facilities, and the operation of the NH Terminal 2 Hotel and the Hilton Garden Inn Hotel at the Monterrey airport. Receive News & Ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Grupo Aeroportuario del Centro Nort and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wendys Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wendys Co (WEN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Quorum Health Corp (QHC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Zillow Group, Inc. (ZG) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Receives $18.50 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Magnachip Semiconductor Corp (MX) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.10 Magna International (MGA) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.13 Cohen & Steers Select Pref & Inc Fd (PSF) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Nomura Holdings (NMR) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Metaldyne Performance Group (MPG) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Canada Goose Holdings Inc. Subordinate Voting Shares (GOOS) to Post -$0.15 Earnings Per Share Silver Spring Networks Inc (SSNI) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $68.76 Million Zacks: Analysts Expect Thermon Group Holdings Inc (THR) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $66.18 Million Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC) Share Price Hornbeck Offshore Services (HOS) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.28 Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Omnicom Group (OMC) Stock Price Pacific Continental (PCBK) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.41 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Fidelity Southern (LION) Stock Price Stone Energy Co. (SGY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages BlackRock MuniYield New York Insured Fnd (MYN) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.05 on June 1st Analysts Expect Groupon Inc (GRPN) to Post -$0.04 EPS Wendys Co (WEN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Wendys Co (NASDAQ:WEN) have earned an average rating of “Hold” from the sixteen analysts that are presently covering the firm. Ten equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating on the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokerages that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $14.08. WEN has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Wendys from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “sector perform” rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Wedbush reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research report on Sunday, February 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Wendys from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $15.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets initiated coverage on Wendys in a research report on Friday, April 21st. They set an “outperform” rating and a $17.00 price target on the stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wendys Co (WEN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/wendys-co-wen-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) traded up 0.47% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $15.11. 2,107,985 shares of the company traded hands. The company has a market cap of $3.73 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.84 and a beta of 0.97. Wendys has a 12-month low of $9.15 and a 12-month high of $15.15. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $13.93 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.23. Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The restaurant operator reported $0.08 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $309.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $312.83 million. Wendys had a return on equity of 16.62% and a net margin of 11.74%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 33.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.12 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Wendys will post $0.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc increased its position in shares of Wendys by 1.0% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Equity Services Inc now owns 53,547 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $578,000 after buying an additional 541 shares in the last quarter. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC purchased a new stake in Wendys during the third quarter valued at about $1,105,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Wendys by 20.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 11,144,547 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $120,362,000 after buying an additional 1,860,404 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC increased its stake in Wendys by 9.8% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 19,233 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $208,000 after buying an additional 1,715 shares during the period. Finally, Investment Partners Ltd. OH ADV purchased a new stake in Wendys during the third quarter valued at about $266,000. Institutional investors own 83.19% of the company’s stock. Wendys Company Profile The Wendy’s Company is the parent company of subsidiary holding company Wendy’s Restaurants, LLC (Wendy’s Restaurants). Wendy’s Restaurants is the parent company of Wendy’s International, LLC (Wendy’s), which is the owner and franchisor of the Wendy’s restaurant system in the United States. Wendy’s is a restaurant company specializing in the hamburger sandwich segment. Receive News & Ratings for Wendys Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu INCENTIVES Warren Buffett tries to explain the Wells Fargo scandal that undermined one of his biggest investments Written by Adam Pasick May 06, 2017 Buffett holds an ice cream bar as he poses for a selfie. (AP Photo/Nati Harnik) Share Written by Adam Pasick May 06, 2017 Warren Buffett blames the fraud scandal at Wells Fargo on a case of misplaced incentives, compounded by the “huge, huge error” of ignoring whistleblowers. Wells Fargo is one of the largest investments of Buffett’s conglomerate, Berkshire Hathaway. At the Berkshire annual meeting this weekend, Buffett laid out a list of blunders that led to the scandal at Wells, where more than 5,000 salespeople set up about 2 million fake accounts for the bank’s customers in order to meet high-pressure internal goals, including a monthly report called the “Motivator.” The scandal resulted in $185 million in fines and the resignation of Wells Fargo CEO John Stumpf. The bank’s stock has lagged about 30% behind peers such as JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. “You have to be very careful what you incentivize,” Buffett said at the annual shareholder meeting of his Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate, which owns about 10% of Wells Fargo shares, worth about $26 billion. Among the bank’s many mistakes, “there was one that dwarfs all the others,” Buffett said. “At some point if there’s a major problem, the CEO gets wind of it. And the CEO has to act.” The bank dismissed warnings from hundreds of employees about the fraudulent accounts, and retaliated against 885 employees who called its ethics hotline between 2011 and 2016. The company also had data about ethical breaches among its employees that it ignored or misinterpreted. According to an internal review, executives knew that 1% of employees had been terminated for “sales integrity” violations, but in fact that grossly understated the problem due to high staff turnover. A senior executive named Matthew Raphaelson wrote in an email that it was “mind boggling to me it’s so low–I think it shows our [employees] are significantly more ethical than the general population (no data whatsoever to back that up, just impressionistic comment!).” Buffett also said that Wells Fargo’s leaders may have been bamboozled by the billions of dollars in fines incurred by Wall Street since the financial crisis, so that the relatively smaller fine that was initially levied did not raise alarm bells. “They totally underestimated the impact,” Buffett said. “People get fined billions in the industry, so they measured the seriousness of the problem by the dimension of the fine and they thought $185 million [was small]. They were totally wrong on that.” Update: Wells Fargo has issued a statement in response to Buffett’s critique, saying: “We agree with Mr. Buffett’s comments and value Berkshire Hathaway as a long-term shareholder and customer.” Most Popular It took a century to create the weekend—and only a decade to undo it Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 07, 2:27 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology 3 Things You Need To Know About Ethereum, The Next Big Thing In Cryptocurrency By Leigh Cuen On 05/06/17 AT 2:00 PM Close The cryptocurrency ether, which hails from the open source blockchain network Ethereum, is now valued at over $100 per token for the first time since the Ethereum platform went live in the summer of 2015. Much like the fellow cryptocurrency bitcoin, the market value of ether has surged upwards over the past few weeks. Coindesk reported ether’s value skyrocketed 900 percent so far this year. The New York Department of Fiscal Services has already approved Ethereum trading and ether tokens are officially a regulated currency. Ethereum has also attracted investment from major corporations like Microsoft and JPMorgan Chase, two of the 30 companies that now make up the Enterprise Ethereum Alliance. Yet the new blockchain technology is still largely shrouded in mystery. Read: UN Using Blockchain Technology To Help Refugees, Fight World Hunger So International Business Times sat down with Jutta Steiner, founder and COO of Parity Technologies, a blockchain startup that developed an Ethereum network browser. Parity Technologies is one of the companies behind the United Nation’s first large-scale Ethereum test, a humanitarian aid project at refugee camps in Jordan. Together with Steiner, we’ve put together a list of three things you need to know about this up and coming cryptocurrency. 1. Ethereum is the world’s second most popular cryptocurrency. Ether tokens are the second most popular currency for blockchain transactions. According to a recent study by Cambridge University, the first two months of 2017 saw more than 47,790 daily transactions on the Ethereum network. The study revealed that Bitcoin is still king, supported by 98 percent of cryptocurrency exchange networks and vendors, compared to 33 percent that accommodate ether tokens. However, ether tokens are gaining traction at a much faster rate than bitcoin. The number of Ethereum transactions has more than doubled since last year. 2. Although Ethereum has its own coins, Bitcoin exchanges still sell ether tokens. Bitcoin exchanges like Kraken, Bitfinex, Coinbase and Gemini, all allow ether trading and some even let users trade the tokens for U.S. dollars, CoinDesk reported. These days it’s easier to go shopping with bitcoin than it is with ether tokens. But Ethereum and Bitcoin aren’t necessarily competitors. They are more like cousins. They generally use the same technology for different purposes. “Rather than competing with Bitcoin like many other cryptocurrencies, Ethereum complements it,” Entrepreneur magazine explained. “While the Bitcoin blockchain network tracks ownership of its own currency...People use Ethereum to create custom [but trustworthy] crowdfunding platforms, autonomous online organizations and even their own cryptocurrencies.” 3. Ethereum has the potential to be much more than just digital money. “Ethereum has, from my perspective, much more vibrant developer community that thinks about different usages and explores them,” Steiner told IBT. For example, rather than needing Airbnb or Uber to facilitate exchanges between individuals, Ethereum could be used to disrupt the “sharing economy,” which critics see as exploitive. In the future, the ether blockchain network could connect users directly with providers. Right now, these middleman apps charge the provider a fee and collect the users’ data for their own corporate interests. Read: Bitcoin Price Reaches All-Time High, Continues Upward Trend In 2017 “Ethereum processes user's transactions on these applications,” Steiner explained. “Parity's browser can be used to explore the new generations of Uber or Airbnb networks that are 100 percent in the hand of their users, where no intermediary can extract large fees just by sitting in the center.” The Ethereum community is still relatively small. Steiner estimates user's number in the tens of thousands, compared to 2.9 to 5.8 million cryptocurrency users worldwide, according to the Cambridge study. But since the same study estimates around 1,875 people now work full-time in the cryptocurrency industry, many of which are Ethereum developers, that ratio is expected to change quite quickly. “I really believe we've reached a tipping point,” Steiner said. “Maybe not yet in day to day adoption, but definitely in awareness, which I'm sure will turn into adoption in the end.”   Related Stories Russia Announces Plan To Legalize Cryptocurrency Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business What Is The Best Way To Think Of A Successful Startup Idea? Great companies always find inefficiencies in the market they operate in and create products that fit snugly into the market need. Technology Being Born Blind Or Deaf And Seeing And Hearing For The First Time Like most things in life, things are more complicated than a few minutes of sentimentality. World France Prepares To Elect New President Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron are the two candidates on the ballot for Sunday's election. National Warren Buffett Calls Out Trump's Obamacare Repeal Bill The billionaire investor said the Republican healthcare bill would provide “a huge tax cut” for the rich. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Welltower Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Herman Miller (MLHR) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.06 Mistras Group (MG) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Safe Bulkers (SB) Earning Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Welltower (HCN) Share Price Sapiens International (SPNS) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.17 Hess Corp. (HES) Stake Increased by Advisor Partners LLC Advisory Services Network LLC Buys Shares of 6,633 HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) Advisor Partners LLC Has $1.176 Million Position in American International Group Inc (AIG) Advisor Partners LLC Boosts Stake in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Advisory Services Network LLC Buys Shares of 6,780 Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Advisory Services Network LLC Buys Shares of 11,146 ABB Ltd (ABB) Advisor Partners LLC Increases Stake in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Advisory Services Network LLC Buys Shares of 4,013 iRobot Co. (IRBT) Blackrock Municipal 2030 Targt Term Trst (BTT) Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.08 Advent Claymore Convertible Sec & Inc Fd (AVK) To Go Ex-Dividend on May 11th Brokers Set Expectations for Cardinal Health Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (CAH) Apple Hospitality REIT Inc (APLE) Receives $18.75 Average Price Target from Analysts Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Delek US Holdings, Inc. (DK) to Announce -$0.33 Earnings Per Share Discover Financial Services (DFS) Position Maintained by Atwood & Palmer Inc. Jennison Associates LLC Reduces Stake in Otonomy Inc (OTIC) Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Welltower (HCN) Share Price May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media coverage about Welltower (NYSE:HCN) has been trending somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research group, a unit of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Welltower earned a news sentiment score of 0.18 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news articles about the real estate investment trust an impact score of 99 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is extremely likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the media stories that may have effected AlphaOne’s analysis: Welltower’s (HCN) Q1 FFO Meets Estimates, Revenues Beat (zacks.com) Edited Transcript of HCN earnings conference call or presentation 5-May-17 2:00pm GMT (finance.yahoo.com) Welltower Inc (HCN) Releases Earnings Results (americanbankingnews.com) Welltower Inc (HCN) Issues Earnings Results (americanbankingnews.com) Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms Buy Rating for Welltower Inc (HCN) (americanbankingnews.com) HCN has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Morgan Stanley upgraded Welltower from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $73.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Evercore ISI lowered Welltower from an “in-line” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Welltower from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their target price on Welltower from $71.00 to $72.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Welltower from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and dropped their target price for the company from $80.00 to $72.00 in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $72.57. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) traded up 1.17% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $69.80. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,888,206 shares. The stock has a market cap of $25.31 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.84 and a beta of 0.19. Welltower has a 12-month low of $59.39 and a 12-month high of $80.19. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $71.25 and its 200 day moving average is $67.49. Welltower (NYSE:HCN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The real estate investment trust reported $1.05 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.63. Welltower had a return on equity of 6.37% and a net margin of 20.74%. The firm had revenue of $1.06 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.05 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.42 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Welltower will post $1.77 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 22nd. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 9th will be paid a $0.87 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, May 5th. This represents a $3.48 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.99%. Welltower’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 153.98%. In related news, insider Paul D. Nungester, Jr. sold 6,452 shares of Welltower stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.26, for a total value of $453,317.52. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 33,795 shares in the company, valued at $2,374,436.70. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Fred S. Klipsch sold 2,606 shares of Welltower stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $67.14, for a total value of $174,966.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.29% of the stock is owned by insiders. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Welltower (HCN) Share Price” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-extremely-likely-to-affect-welltower-hcn-share-price.html. About Welltower Welltower Inc invests with seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund real estate and infrastructure. The Company invests in seniors housing and healthcare real estate. It operates in three segments: triple-net, seniors housing operating and outpatient medical. Welltower, a real estate investment trust (REIT), owns interests in properties concentrated in markets in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom, consisting of seniors housing and post-acute communities, and outpatient medical properties. Receive News & Ratings for Welltower Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Welltower Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/6/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/6/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Credit Cards for People Who Hate Fees Want a good credit card without paying an annual fee? Here are three of the best cards for 0% introductory interest rates, travel rewards, and cash back. Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) May 6, 2017 at 12:00PM Cards with annual fees often offer higher rewards and bonuses, but not everyone truly benefits from higher rewards rates. In many cases, cardholders would have to spend tens of thousands of dollars on an annual basis for the increased rewards rates to pay for the annual fee. But there are just as many excellent no-annual-fee cards as there are cards with high fees. We compiled a list of the best no-annual-fee credit cards in three categories: 0% intro interest, travel rewards, and cash back cards. Here are our top picks. 1. 0%-interest beast There isn't much to say about this card, other than it is simply designed for crushing credit card debt. The Chase Slate card has some of the most advantageous introductory terms, including 0% interest on purchases and balance transfers for the first 15 months.  The card also waives balance-transfer fees on qualifying balance transfers made in the first 60 days of account opening. Balances should be transferred during the 60-day period, as the fee reverts to $5 or 5% of the amounts transferred, whichever is greater, thereafter. The standard fee is $5 or 3%, making this a poor choice for balance transfers after the 60-day period. While it doesn't have a rewards program, Chase Slate is a compelling proposition for saving on credit card interest. Cardholders who transfer a $5,000 balance at typical rate of 18% to Chase Slate could save $620 in interest by paying the balance off during the 0% introductory period. Learn more from our full review of Chase Slate. These credit cards offer hundreds of dollars in value with no annual fees. Image source: Getty Images. 2. Get $200 in free travel from the start Of no-annual-fee cards, BankAmericard Travel Rewards may be one of the very best in the sign-up bonus category. Qualifying cardholders receive 20,000 bonus points (worth $200 when redeemed for travel) after spending just $1,000 in the first 90 days after account opening. The sign-up bonus isn't the only thing this card has going for it, as ongoing rewards are very lucrative, too. Cardholders receive 1.5 points per dollar spent (worth $0.015 when redeemed for travel). Loyal Bank of America customers can collect a bonus ranging from 10% to 75% of accumulated rewards, bringing the all-in rewards rate up to 1.65 points to 2.62 points per dollar spent. Cardholders also enjoy an 18-month 0% introductory period on balance transfers, but note that balance transfers do come with a fee of $5 or 3% of the amounts transferred. Learn more from our full review of BankAmericard Travel Rewards card. 3. Simple Cash Back When it comes to simple cash back cards with no annual fee, Chase Freedom Unlimited is a solid pick. The card offers 1.5% cash back on every dollar spent, plus a $150 sign-up bonus for qualifying cardholders who spend at least $500 in the first three months after account opening. Its best-in-class redemption policy sets it apart from the competition. Whereas other credit cards have minimum redemption requirements that can be as high as $25 or $50, Chase Freedom Unlimited is a true no-minimum redemption card. This can be particularly advantageous for smaller spenders, since earning $50 in rewards from a 1.5% cash-back card would require $3,334 of spending. As an added benefit, cardholders enjoy 0% interest for 15 billing cycles for purchases and balance transfers. While the introductory 0% purchase APR is attractive, this card isn't the best pick for balance transfers. Its balance transfer fee of $5 or 5%, whichever is greater, is higher than competing cards. Learn more from our full review of Chase Freedom Unlimited. A tool for your wallet Used correctly, credit cards can be a helpful financial tool. They offer more security than debit cards, have good rewards rates, and frequently come with introductory offers that help their customers pay down debt without paying interest.  That said, credit cards aren't for everyone. Carrying a balance to earn rewards is a losing proposition, and transferring a balance to a new card only to immediately max out your old cards won't put you on the right financial path.  Extracting value from credit cards requires the discipline to use them just as if they were cash or debit cards -- purchases that you could pay for with or without a credit line.    Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info May 6, 2017 at 12:00PM Investment Planning Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.74 down $0.11 (-0.46%) Read More How Much Will My CD Be Worth? 4 Ways to Maximize Your Medicare This 1 Mistake Could Tank Your Credit Score by 100 Points It's Happening Again -- and the Last 2 Times This Happened, the S&P 500 Fell by 57% and 19% What Is Compound Interest? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Credit Cards for People Who Hate Fees @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Buffett Says Wells Fargo 'Totally Wrong' in Approach to Scandal by Noah Buhayar @NBuhayar More stories by Noah Buhayar , Laura J Keller @LauraJKeller More stories by Laura J Keller , and Jordyn Holman @JordynJournals More stories by Jordyn Holman May 6, 2017, 11:07 AM EDT May 6, 2017, 3:04 PM EDT Bank failed to act prompty when problems flagged, Buffett says Buffett’s Berkshire is largest shareholder in Wells Fargo Warren Buffett, who controls the largest stake in Wells Fargo & Co., said the bank mishandled the fake-account scandal by failing to act promptly to fix abuses that tarnished the lender’s reputation and made it harder to attract customers. “They were totally wrong on that,” Buffett said Saturday in Omaha, Nebraska, at the annual meeting of his Berkshire Hathaway Inc. “The main problem was they didn’t act when they learned about it.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Wells Fargo shares are little changed from their 2014 closing price, while rivals Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. have each advanced more than 30 percent in that span. The scandal has spurred millions of dollars in fines and legal costs and dented Wells Fargo’s standing as one of the country’s best run banks. In October, Chief Executive Officer John Stumpf resigned after being hauled in front of Congress to testify on why the lender opened accounts without customers’ permission. To repair the damage, the company bolstered internal controls, abandoned sales and bonus targets that were linked to the abuses, and promoted Tim Sloan to be CEO. The bank also eliminated or clawed back about $180 million in pay, much of it from Stumpf and former community bank head Carrie Tolstedt. Buffett said Saturday that flawed compensation systems -- such as the arrangement that rewarded Wells Fargo employees for meeting aggressive sales goals -- are a periodic problem for companies, and can promote the wrong behavior. ‘Bad Enough’ “It was bad enough having a bad system,” Buffett said, building on his prior remarks about the bank. “But they didn’t act.” Six months ago, Buffett called Stumpf a “very decent man” who “made a hell of a mistake” by being too slow to respond to the bank’s problems. Still, the billionaire voted to re-elect the bank’s slate of directors last month. Buffett controls about 500 million shares of San Francisco-based Wells Fargo, primarily through Berkshire. The stake was valued at more than $25 billion as of Friday’s close, making it one of his top holdings. The first question he faced at the annual meeting was about the bank. The billionaire also said Saturday that the lender should have acted when employees called internal hotlines to complain about colleagues’ wrongdoing. Some former workers claim they were fired for flagging misconduct related to opening accounts without customers’ knowledge and other sales abuses. Buffett said it was a “a huge, huge, huge error” for the company to ignore complaints or send them “back down to somebody down below” rather than elevate them. He contrasted that with Berkshire’s hotline, which he said is “the main source of information for me about anything that’s being done wrong at a subsidiary.” Wells Fargo said in a statement Saturday that “we agree with Mr. Buffett’s comments,” and added that the bank is working to fix the problems. A report from the bank’s board into sales practices concluded after a “limited review” that there wasn’t “documentary evidence suggesting purposeful retaliation” against workers who raised concerns. Sloan, the bank’s CEO, has said most calls to what the bank calls the EthicsLine were handled properly and promised to fix cases where they weren’t. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Stephen Colbert’s Diatribe Against Trump to Be Reviewed by FCC Buffett Says Money Spent on Plumbers Better Than on Hedge Funds Oil Closes Near $46 as Shale Revival Cancels Out OPEC Efforts Fed-Up Advertisers Stop Paying More for Smaller TV Audiences Suddenly, Oil Below $40 a Barrel Doesn’t Seem So Far-Fetched Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Co. PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for EPR Properties Issued By FBR & Co (EPR) Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Increased by Analyst Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Granite Construction Inc. Issued By Seaport Global Securities (GVA) $5.07 Billion in Sales Expected for Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) This Quarter $161.74 Million in Sales Expected for RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) This Quarter Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $5.27 Billion First Solar Target of Unusually High Options Trading (FSLR) First Manhattan Co. Has $449,000 Position in Ball Co. (BLL) First Manhattan Co. Cuts Position in Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) First Manhattan Co. Sells 939 Shares of M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (MDC) Pinnacle Advisory Group Inc. Buys 4,632 Shares of Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Medtronic plc. (MDT) Stake Increased by Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Mathes Company Inc. Has $357,000 Position in General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) Position Boosted by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stake Reduced by Baxter Bros Inc. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Raises Stake in Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) Position Maintained by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Flex Ltd (FLEX) Shares Bought by Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. Acquires 127 Shares of Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Medtronic plc. (MDT) Shares Bought by Global Thematic Partners LLC Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Increased by Analyst May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) – Research analysts at William Blair upped their Q3 2017 EPS estimates for shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a report issued on Tuesday. William Blair analyst N. Heymann now forecasts that the industrial products company will post earnings of $1.30 per share for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $1.21. William Blair also issued estimates for Eaton Co., PLC’s FY2018 earnings at $5.05 EPS. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The industrial products company reported $0.96 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.09. Eaton Co., PLC had a return on equity of 12.56% and a net margin of 9.73%. The firm earned $4.85 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.70 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.88 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .7% compared to the same quarter last year. WARNING: “Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Increased by Analyst” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/q3-2017-eps-estimates-for-eaton-co-plc-etn-increased-by-analyst.html. ETN has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut Eaton Co., PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Eaton Co., PLC from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their price objective for the stock from $75.00 to $70.00 in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on Eaton Co., PLC from $80.00 to $86.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Longbow Research upgraded Eaton Co., PLC from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.92. Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) opened at 76.86 on Thursday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $74.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $69.82. The company has a market cap of $34.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 18.26 and a beta of 1.32. Eaton Co., PLC has a 52 week low of $54.30 and a 52 week high of $79.31. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV increased its position in shares of Eaton Co., PLC by 9.4% in the first quarter. Massmutual Trust Co. FSB ADV now owns 1,402 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 120 shares in the last quarter. Woodmont Investment Counsel LLC purchased a new position in shares of Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter valued at approximately $108,000. Tompkins Financial Corp purchased a new position in shares of Eaton Co., PLC during the first quarter valued at approximately $124,000. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new position in shares of Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter valued at approximately $128,000. Finally, Crestwood Advisors Group LLC purchased a new position in shares of Eaton Co., PLC during the first quarter valued at approximately $137,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 73.55% of the company’s stock. In other Eaton Co., PLC news, SVP Thomas E. Moran sold 3,470 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.13, for a total transaction of $250,291.10. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 10,668 shares in the company, valued at $769,482.84. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Deborah L. Mccoy sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.19, for a total transaction of $360,950.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 39,936 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,882,979.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Friday, May 5th will be paid a $0.60 dividend. This represents a $2.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.12%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 3rd. Eaton Co., PLC’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 54.03%. Eaton Co., PLC Company Profile Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Co. PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science Deconstructing the State. Getting Smaller. Developing the Local Economy. Redirecting the Power from the Centre to the Periphery Part VI of a Six Part Essay By Arthur D. Robbins Global Research, May 06, 2017 Region: USA Theme: Global Economy, History, Poverty & Social Inequality War has indeed become perpetual and peace no longer even a fleeting wish nor a distant memory. We have become habituated to the rumblings of war and the steady drum beat of propaganda about war’s necessity and the noble motives that inspire it. We will close hospitals. We will close schools. We will close libraries and museums. We will sell off our parklands and water supply. People will sleep on the streets and go hungry. The war machine will go on. What are we to do? The following text is Part VI of a broader analysis entitled War and the State: Business as Usual. For Parts I-V, click here. *** Suppose we chose to join hands with our anti-Federalist ancestors and decided we want to live in a Nation where, “peace, union, and industry, under a mild, free, and steady government” prevail (Storing, 67). Is such an outcome possible? How could we bring it about? Well, it certainly is possible. Above I offered five examples of countries past and present that were Nations, not States: 1) India; 2) Holland in the 17th century; 3) the United States in the decade between 1776 — the Declaration of Independence — and 1787 — the signing of the Constitution; 4) Switzerland; 5) Iceland. There is no reason why the United States — now a State — cannot return to its roots and become a federation of fifty states — a Nation — with a weak central government like the one that existed under The Articles of Confederation. The mechanism is a simple one. We . RedirectHere is an excellent example of how that works. The Bank of North Dakota The United States has a central banking system. Although the Board of Governors are presidential appointees, basically The Federal Reserve Bank — the “Fed” —is run to serve the interests of a small number of private banks deemed “too big to fail.” In 2008, billions if not trillions of dollars were passed along to these banks to help them recover the monies they lost from bad bets while ignoring the needs of those who lost their life savings and their homes and were reduced to living in tents. There was an economic collapse from which the country has not fully recovered nine years later. Now let’s take a look at what happened in the state of North Dakota. In 1836, the U.S. Congress failed to renew the charter for the Second Bank of the United States, (today the Federal Reserve). Subsequently, the states of Alabama, Kentucky, Illinois, Vermont, Georgia, Tennessee and South Carolina all created banks that were completely owned by the state government. None of those banks survived. The movement for state banking was revived in the early 1900’s when mid-western farmers were at the mercy of privately held banks. Farmers counted heavily on loans for equipment and loans to get them through harsh growing seasons when wheat yields were meager. Banks in Minneapolis and Chicago continued raising interest rates. Farmers were left in a precarious position. In response an independent political party was formed known as the “Non-Partisan League.” The “League” gained control of the North Dakota state government in 1918. In 1919, the state legislature established the Bank of North Dakota (BND). The mission of the BND is to serve North Dakota agriculture, commerce and industry. It does not compete with privately held banks but partners with them in lending monies to local business. In 1967, BND made the first federally insured student loan in the country and currently has one of the lowest interest rates for state loans. About twenty years ago, the bank began buying home loans made by local banks and credit unions. By buying up mortgages BND gave local banks a way to move loans off their books, thus freeing them up to make new loans, but without handing the business to their competitors. BND services the mortgages it buys, ensuring that the mortgage interest homeowners pay each month stays in the state rather than flowing to Wall Street. Between BND’s mortgages and those held by local banks and credit unions, roughly 20-25 percent of the state’s mortgage debt is held and serviced within North Dakota. The primary deposit base of the BND is the State of North Dakota.  All state funds and funds of state agencies (excluding pension funds and trusts managed by the state) are deposited with the bank. Over the last 21 years, BND has generated almost $1 billion in profit.  Nearly $400 million of that, or about $3,300 per household, has been transferred into the state’s general fund, providing support for education and other public services, while reducing the tax burden on residents and businesses. One of the core missions of the Bank of North Dakota is to cultivate the state’s economy by supporting local banks and credit unions. Thanks in large part to BND, community banks are much more numerous and robust in North Dakota than in other states. While locally owned small and mid-sized banks and credit unions account for only 29 percent of deposits nationally, in North Dakota they have  83 percent of the market. By helping to sustain a large number of local banks and credit unions, BND has strengthened North Dakota’s economy, enabled small businesses and farms to grow, and spurred job creation in the state. In November 2014, the Wall Street Journal reported that the BND was more profitable even than J.P. Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs. And yet in 2014, BND was lending money for school infrastructure at 1%. In 2015, it introduced new infrastructure programs to improve access to medical facilities, remodel or construct new schools, and build new road and water infrastructure. A bank can be profitable and serve the common good. In 2008-2009 when the United States economy suffered one of its worst economic crises, BND had one of its most profitable years. There was no credit freeze. BND created its own credit and the economy flourished. BND acts as a kind of mini-fed for the state, providing liquidity, clearing checks and buying up loans when there is risk to share.1 A Multiplicity of State Banks Just suppose that instead of one state bank there was one state bank for every state in the union, which is to say fifty “mini-Feds.” How would that affect the economy? How would that affect the political power dynamics? How would that affect the day-to-day lives of the average American? Economically, the American economy would be more stable, more robust. Credit would be used to fund education, business development, and infrastructure improvement. It would not be syphoned off to bloat the profits of private banking interests. It has long been understood that private interests in control of credit on a national level was a chronic menace to the public wheal. In 1832, President Andrew Jackson refused to renew the charter for the Bank of the United States. Among other concerns was the possibility that with centralization and privatization of the system of credit, foreign interests could gain control of the American economy and shape it to their benefit. “Controlling our currency, receiving our public moneys, and holding thou­sands of our citizens in dependence, it would be more formidable and dangerous than the naval and military power of the enemy.” (C.S.) After signing into law the Federal Reserve Act of 1913, President Woodrow Wilson had this to say, I am a most unhappy man. I have unwittingly ruined my country. A great industrial nation is controlled by its system of credit. Our system of credit is concentrated. The growth of the nation, therefore, and all our activities are in the hands of a few men. We have come to be one of the worst ruled, one of the most completely controlled and dominated Governments in the civilized world, no longer a Government by free opinion, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men. (Wikiquote) Thomas Jefferson put it simply, “I believe that banking institutions are more dangerous to our liberties than standing armies.” Said James Madison, “History records that the money changers have used every form of abuse, intrigue, deceit, and violent means possible to maintain their control over governments by controlling money and its issuance.” Here are the words of Mayer Amschel Rothschild (1744-1812), founder of the House of Rothschild. “Let me issue and control a nation’s money and I care not who writes the laws.” So that if we set up our fifty state banks we take back that power and redistribute it so that no single entity can take control of the monetary system. No longer do the too-big-to-fail banks and their lackey the Federal Reserve run — ruin — the economy. The “Fed” becomes a vestigial organ. It begins to wither and might eventually disappear. The withering is contagious and begins to affect the centralized power of the State. The State has two primary functions: prop up private banks, make war. These two functions form an interlocking conglomerate, a servo-mechanism in which one function feeds the other. The State needs war to accrue power. It needs money to pay for the war. Banks need war so they can supply the government with funds and then collect interest. In 2015, the U.S. spent $223 billion, or 6 percent of the federal budget, paying for interest on the debt. Good news for banks. In 2014, the Federal Reserve bought up $2.461 trillion worth of the national debt, thus making it the largest holder in the world. In 1933 — subsequent to the crash of 1929 — Congress passed the Glass-Steagall Act. No longer were commercial banks allowed to engage in those speculative banking activities that were allowed to investment banks. In 1999 — in acquiescence to private banking interests — Congress reversed itself and repealed the Glass-Steagall Act, leading to the crash of 2008. This is but one example of how a centralized government and a centralized and privatized banking system work so well together in satisfying the wishes of private interests at the expense of public well-being. With our fifty state banks in place power has been fragmented and redistributed. Such a grand collusion is no longer possible. The Withering Has Begun The deconstruction and withering of the State have been in the works for some time. In 2003, Thomas Naylor, co-author of the 1997 book Downsizing the U.S.A. founded a secessionist movement in the state of Vermont. A poll taken in 2007 indicated that 13% of the voters supported the move to leave the union and become and independent polity. The more the center ignores the rights and interests of the periphery the more the periphery will begin to assert itself. On June 26, 2011, mayors from around the world met in Balti­more and approved a resolution that the federal government bring home the troops and stop funding the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. In this instance, voices on the periphery are challenging the power at the center. They are claiming the right to be heard and to influence decisions at the center. We the citizenry are listening and begin to understand that the center is not the only source of power and that central power can be challenged. On June 29, 2015 — yielding to considerable grass roots political pressure — the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation issued a ban on fracking in the State of New York. The state of Vermont had banned fracking in 2012. The center is lethargic in responding to the environmental crisis and so local government takes action, once again demonstrating how irresponsible central government is and how power can be redirected to local governments that can take crucial steps in safeguarding the planet. 2 In 2014, Ellen Brown ran for California State Treasurer. The center of her platform was a California State Bank. She ran on the Green Party ticket and garnered more votes for that party than any other candidate in the party’s history. (ellenbrown.com) Phil Murphy, the leading Democratic candidate for governor of New Jersey, has made a state-owned bank a centerpiece of his campaign. (Ellen Brown, Intrepid Report, April 13, 2017) Various states have challenged the legitimacy and benefit of the “Affordable Care Act.” There is a movement in the state of Colorado to suspend both the ACA and Medicaid and replace these national healthcare programs with a state program run by a board of 21 elected trustees. “A state program, responsible to patients and providers, will do much better than a rigid national program, responsible to lobbyists,” says organizer Ivan Miller. John Rohn Hall, a native of Santa Fe, New Mexico is promoting “Amerexit,” America’s answer to Brexit. It is a “Plan for State Sovereignty and an End of Empire.” (Hall, Dissident Voice, February 26, 2017) Santa Fe has for years been a sanctuary city, i.e., a city that welcomes refugees and immigrants. Under Trump Santa Fe would lose federal funding. If that is the case, since there is no benefit, why not just leave the union, “New Mexit?” As Hall points out there is a “Calexit” movement with over 585,000 signatures. He imagines what the world would be like with the “Republic of California” and the “Republic of New Mexico.” And then he thinks ahead to when the remaining 48 join California and New Mexico and become sovereign nations. The marble buildings and monuments of Washington, D.C. become museums. The United Nations and The International Court of Justice grow teeth, becoming the law of all lands. National borders gradually disintegrate and disappear. Multilateral Nuclear Disarmament is now International Law. Wars of aggression are relegated to the dark recesses of history. “Divided we stand,” says Hall. “United we fall.” Here is a version of the deconstructed State that does away with any overarching unity, even as weak as the Articles of Confederation. Yet it is all in the same spirit. There would be local banks, local healthcare plans, local environmental initiatives. The State is gone. Monies previously reserved for propping up private banks and waging war are redirected from the center to the periphery where they are used to serve the common good. The State is making itself less and less relevant and making it more and more difficult to justify the revenues it receives. If vital services are sold off and privatized and tax revenues are directed almost exclusively to war, what motivation do citizens have to pay taxes? 2a What Do Our Federal Taxes Buy? Let’s take a look at what our tax dollar is buying. You might think that your federal tax dollar goes to paying the electric bill at your local post office. In fact, the USPS is a self-supporting agency that is mandated to pay its personnel and operating costs out of revenues from the sale of postage. Up until the year 2007, the USPS saw a continued rise in mail handled and a continued rise in revenues. It was solvent. Then Congress decided that USPS should pre-fund future retiree health benefits for the next 75 years and do so within a decade, something no other public agency or private company is required to do. Now the post office is $15 billion in debt. Resources are diverted to pay off debt that would have been devoted to servicing customers. USPS starts recording losses. Despite the handicap, in February of 2016, the post office recorded a profit for the first time in five years. Nonetheless, President Obama proposed cutting 12,000 jobs and discontinuing Saturday mail delivery. At 493,381, — down from 787,538 in the year 2000 — post office workers are the largest non-violent workforce employed by the government, which explains why they are expendable. Their only purpose is to bring together people separated by distance who wish to exchange thoughts and good wishes. A totally useless function if war is your game. President Obama’s downsizing the postal system while simultaneously personally overseeing the assassination by drone of thousands of “militants” in Pakistan and Afghanistan as well as hundreds if not thousands of “non-militants,” i.e. innocent civilians, i.e. collateral damage, is consistent with his role as W.I.C. (Warrior In Chief). If you’re not killing, you’re not doing your job. The Government Accountability Office reports declines in the workforce between 2004 and 2012 in the Departments of Agriculture, Education, Housing and Urban Development, Interior, the Environmental Protection Agency, GSA, NASA, and the Social Security Administration. In the same period 94 percent of the Federal workforce growth occurred in the Departments of Defense, Veterans Affairs, and Homeland Security. In 2013, Defense (sic) employed 738,300, while Education employed a paltry 4,100. Total Federal civilian employment — excluding the Post Office — was 2,058,000. Adding together Defense, Homeland Security and Veterans Affairs we end up with 1,279,800 or 62% of total civilian employment devoted to violence and its consequences. That’s what your tax dollar is buying. At what point is enough, enough? ”Empire never has enough,” said US Army Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson during an interview in December of 2015. “That’s the nature of imperial power. It never has enough.” War Is A Racket Smedley Darlington Butler (1881–1940) was a United States Marine Corps major general. He was active in more than a half dozen wars. At the time of his death he was the most decorated Marine in U.S. history. In the 1930s, after retiring from service, he became an outspoken opponent of war. He wrote a pamphlet entitled War Is A Racket. He is bitter, angry and outraged at the ravages of war and the grossly swollen profits of the bankers and industrialists that war provides. 3 Butler points out that During WWI war profits surged to “three hundred, and even eighteen hundred per cent — the sky is the limit. … Uncle Sam has the money. Let’s get it.” That was the mentality during the war years. In the period 1910 – 1914 DuPont Chemical had earnings of $6 million. During the period 1914 -1918 — the years of WWI — their profits jumped to $58 million a year, an almost ten fold increase. By contrast, the soldier was paid $30 per month. Half of that wage was sent home to dependents. $6 was deducted for “accident insurance” and then another $9 for “Liberty Bonds” that were issued to pay for the war —$2 billion worth. Leaving most soldiers with nothing on payday. When returning soldiers could not find work the banks would buy back the $100 bonds for $84, leaving themselves $16 as profit. And of course the same soldiers would pay taxes so the government could make interest payments to the banks on the bonds the banks purchased.4 After visiting soldiers in their hospital beds, surveying the mangled minds and bodies, and considering the ruined lives of the families, the outrageous lies that pass for truths that are used to manipulate a nation into going to war, Butler concludes, “War is Hell.” These are the words of a Major General. He ought to know. Change and Fear of Change If the goal is “a warless world founded in warless societies” then we need to make some changes. We need to create an alternative to empire. We need to restructure the power dynamics so that power in the center — the power of the empire — is redistributed to the periphery, where states can create governments that serve the common good. Change is a word that sends ripples of fear through the human body, through the body politic. Change has its mysteries. It can seem daunting and intimidating which is why meaningful change occurs so rarely. There is the mistaken belief that change will only make things worse. And that there is no risk in maintaining the status quo. Although we cannot guarantee the outcome if we bring about fundamental political change, we can pretty much guarantee the outcome if we don’t. The planet will become unlivable. When social/political or psychological transformative change occurs, cognitive and emotional issues arise. We have a certain image of what our government is and how we relate to it. Our government has an identity; it is seen as a certain kind of government, behaving in a certain way. We as individual citizens become subsumed within this identity, whether we choose to be or not. What happens to us when our govern­ment changes? In some measure our universe has been tampered with. That is an unsettling feeling, which is one reason why transformative change is resisted so rigorously. There was a time when being identified as being American would bring a smile of gratitude and a handshake from a foreigner. Now it is just as likely to bring a snub. Do we like our government and how it is seen around the world? Do we like the way it feels to be associated with such a government? Would we like to be associated with a different kind of government? Are we pleased with the way in which our govern­ment addresses the needs of its citizens? These are questions we should be asking ourselves. Perhaps some readers would like to live under a government that is less feared and more respected, a government that is kinder and gentler, a government that embraces the common good. Contemplating change brings us face to face with the unknown. We cannot predict the outcome once we initiate the process of change. We lose control. Maybe the worst will happen. We will lose our freedoms. We will be enslaved. Such thoughts are not necessarily rational but they occur nonetheless. We cling to the stability of the status quo. David Popper provides an interesting example. Piecemeal Change As The Answer? David Popper (1902 – 1994) was an Austrian born philosopher. He had a major impact on scientific thinking in the 20th century. He argued that no amount of induction could make a scientific theory true. But that for a theory to be considered scientifically valid it had to be falsifiable. There had to be a means to prove that the theory was invalid. Let us say that I have a theory that says blue-eyed men are taller than brown-eyed men. The theory is scientific by Popper’s standards. All I have to do is find one brown-eyed man who is taller than a blue-eyed. Marx’s theory of historical materialism says that the economic evolution in the means of production will lead to socialism and the dictatorship of the proletariat. Such a theory is more a vision or an ideology than it is a scientific theory. There is nothing one can do to falsify it. Popper wrote a book entitled The Open Society And Its Enemies, published in 1945. Popper’s book is a defense of liberal democracy and an attack on the idealist, historicist philosophers  — philosophers like Plato, Hegel and Marx — who believe that history has an inherent causality that can’t be altered. Such philosophers will lead us to totalitarian societies, says Popper. The individual will be denied the opportunity for self-expression and critical thinking. These philosophers are the enemies of the open society. Popper’s goal is “democracy,” a government dedicated to the preservation of free thought. His concern is the rise of tyranny and the crushing of individuality. In a democracy there is a means of self-protection and that is “the right of the people to judge and dismiss their government… the only known device by which we can try to protect ourselves against the misuse of political power.” (Popper, 335) We see here a negative definition of democracy, a definition based in fear, fear of governmental abuse. Says Bourne, “Mere negative freedom will not do as a 20th century principle” (read 21st century) (Bourne, 46). “The right of the people to judge and dismiss their government” is the right to vote in elections, which, as has been explained above, creates oligarchy, not democracy. Democracy is a form of government in which citizens debate and legislate on their own behalf. Popper’s fear of governmental abuse leads him to be cautious in undertaking major changes that could lead to unpredictable and dangerous outcomes. There is no vision of a better world. Such a vision is labeled “utopian.” He is critical of those writers who would “go to the very root of the social evil” and completely eradicate it. (Popper, 154) By means of “piecemeal social engineering,” Popper would diminish human suffering, not eliminate it. “The piecemeal engineer will [fight against] the greatest and most urgent evils of society, rather than searching, and fighting for, its greatest ultimate good. (Popper, 148) Each rising generation has the right to “a claim not to be made unhappy,” says Popper (Popper, 149), an awkward double negative brought on by an over concern to keep things just as they are. Popper wrote his book as WWII was drawing to a close. Hitler had a vision for a new world, starting with a clean canvas. Millions died. Mao had a similar vision. Millions died. Understandably, Popper is concerned that those with “vision” should gain power. Nonetheless a political philosophy based in fear is useless. It is based in the irrational belief that holding fast to a system that ignores the common good is safe but that change is dangerous. The outcome we fear is actually our current reality, a political system that owes its existence to propaganda and misinformation, a system that ignores basic human needs and tramples on an eco-system that is running out of patience. Political vs Economic Change: Which Comes First? There are those who advocate change, but not political change. Economic inequality is the primary concern. “Let us redistribute the wealth and bring an end to the gross inequality that is a cancer in our society,” they say. Or “Let us create a form of government where the government itself — not private interests — is in control of the economy. Then we can decide who gets what.” Economic transformation comes first. Benjamin Barber thinks otherwise. “Democracy proclaims the priority of the political over the economic,” says Barber.(Barber, 257) “Politics precedes economics,” he says, because it “creates the central values of economy and society.”(Barber, 252) “[Politics] remains the sovereign realm in which the ordering of human priorities takes place.” (Barber, 266) Says Karl Popper, ”Economic power must not be permitted to dominate political power.” (Popper, 335) I agree. The first step is to redistribute political power, to set up a new political structure. Economic change will follow. China affords an interesting example of how easy it is to change economic systems while leaving the underlying power structure intact. With Mao in charge, the Chinese people lived under a brutal totalitarian communist regime. Mao is alleged to have taken the lives of 40 million of his fellow countrymen. With very little fanfare this communist State seems to have become transformed into a capitalist State, or something close to it. In other words, socialism/communism and capitalism are not that different in their power dynamics. Both require strong central governments and both lead to the abuse of power that central governments are prone to. If our goal is social justice, a government that serves the common good and is responsive to the wishes of the citizenry then we need to think in terms of political change, the restructuring of the prevailing power dynamics. Change is Possible “But,” you say in quiet despair, “how can our government possibly be changed? It is simply not possible.” Although such a belief is certainly understandable, I do not believe it is justified. I believe that change is possible, provided it is introduced in a thoughtful and gradual way. First we change our attitude, our outlook on life. To repeat the thoughts of Henry George, right reason precedes right action. We become thoughtful, rather than reactive. We take noth­ing for granted. We become more analytical, more skeptical, and less credulous about the government we live under; we become more imagi­native and hopeful about the government we intend to replace it with. We allow our imagination free rein as we think up new possibilities. For it is only through imagination and creativity that change comes about. As we become actively involved in deconstructing the State and more and more power shifts to local governments, the State begins to whither. Communities begin to flourish. As local politics become more meaningful and communities more vibrant, the individual becomes more robust, less frightened, more engaged in political life. As citizens see how government can actually function to their benefit, they are less enthusiastic about sending money to the central government, which does little or nothing on their behalf. As the individual feels more politically alive he is less likely to be intimidated by the State, less likely to be swayed by fake news and government manipulation. He becomes more thoughtful, more articulate, more empowered. And this is our goal, “the realization of the individual through the beloved community.” (Bourne, 51) Yes, power can be abused at the local level. But it is less likely to cause WWIII. And there is a way out. It is called sortition. The ancient Greeks used sortition to select their magistrates. Sortition is another word for lot, or drawing straws. Instead of allowing the major parties to stack the deck in favor of corporate power when they choose the candidates who appear on our primary ballots, we can allow citizens to volunteer for office. Once a year a sortition is held. This is a random event. Those whose number is pulled appear on the ballot. We could even do away with elections altogether and count on sortition alone to put people in power.5 Another way of limiting the concentration of power is setting a limit on the concentration of wealth. Enormous wealth is a menace to a free society. In ancient Athens there were laws forbidding a display of wealth in public places. They were called sumptuary laws. Here is an example. A free-born woman may not be accompanied by more than one female slave, unless she is drunk; she may not leave the city during the night, unless she is planning to commit adultery; she may not wear gold jewelry or a garment with a purple border, unless she is a courtesan; and a husband may not wear a gold-studded ring or a cloak of Milesian fashion unless he is bent upon prostitution or adultery. Times have changed, chaste or profligate we can dress as we choose. However, there should be a limit to the amount of wealth an individual or a family can accumulate. A billionaire has enormous power that he uses to suit his political purposes, thus defeating us in our attempts to serve the common good. $40 million should be enough for any individual. Such a sum would allow for at least two residences, a yacht and a racehorse or two. Twice that amount for a family. Anything beyond that amount is taxed at one hundred percent.6 For us to reach our goals, we must have ideals, values and a vision of a better world based on a decentralized form of government. In other words, we must do exactly what Popper tells us not to do. The process is gradual — as he would wish — but the vision is all encompassing. There is little to fear because we are taking power away from the powerful center, not granting it. The War Machine Withers As the State goeth, so goeth the war machine, the house of power, the Pentagon. As monies are diverted away from the center, there is less available for big-ticket war items at grossly inflated prices. War loses some of its glamour. It becomes a sometime thing not the full-time pass-time of generals and their subordinates. The Pentagon begins its decline. A few panes of glass have been shattered and go unrepaired. Some pigeons build a nest and take up residence. Mice can be seen scurrying about Pentagon hallways in broad daylight. There are fewer and fewer cars in the parking lot. Grass starts growing up in the cracks. Eventually it is simply too costly to heat this enormous space in the winter and cool it in the summer. One wing is boarded up entirely. Eventually another wing follows. One central section remains open. Generals are bundled up against the cold. Whereas once they dined on caviar and Veuve Clicquot, they now have to settle for chicken fingers and fries. Soon the Pentagon is no longer a viable operation. It has lost the political clout it once had. And so it must pass on to the dustbin of history. On a Wednesday, in December, in the year 2031, it is announced that bids are being let out to level the entire structure. In late spring of 2032 a building that was once the most formidable presence in the country has been reduced to a pile of rubble. In August of the same year a bake sale is held. Bakers from around the country arrive with grandma’s recipe for everything from apple pie to double chocolate brownies and linzer tarts. Money is being raised to create a park and a playground for children. There is even talk of a botanical garden. I can’t wait to get my hands on one of those cranberry-walnut scones. Above text is part VI of a six part essay. For Parts I-V, click here Link to War and the State: Part 1 Link to War and the State: Part 2 Link to War and the State Part 3 Link to War and the State Part 4 Link to War and the State Part 5 1. War and the health of the State: What causes war 2. Federated governments: The Nation vs. the State 3. Origin of the State: Barbarians at the gate 4. End Game: War goes on 5. Critical Thinking: A bridge to the future 6. Deconstructing the State: Getting small SOURCES Benjamin Barber, Strong Democracy: Participatory Politics for a New Age. Frank Barlow, The Feudal Kingdom on England 1042-1216. Edward Bernays, Propaganda. EllenBrown.com Ellen Brown, “What a state-owned bank can do for New Jersey,” Intrepid Report, April 13, 2017 Ellen Brown, The Public Bank Solution: From Austerity to Prosperity. Smedly Butler, War Is A Racket. James Carroll, House of War. Gearoid O Colmain, “The Weaponisation of the Refugee,” Dissident Voice, January 20, 2016. Rob Cooper, “Iceland’s former Prime Minister found guilty over country’s 2008 financial crisis but will avoid jail,” Daily Mail, April 23, 2012. C.S., “Constitution Society,” Andrew Jackson, July 10, 1832. Deborah Davis, Katherine The Great. Thomas J. DiLorenzo, The Real Lincoln. M.I. Finley, The Portable Greek Historians. F.P.  The Federalist Papers. Ed. Clinton Rossiter. Mark H. Gaffney: “9/11: The Evidence for Insider Trading,” May 25, 2016: ICH (Information Clearing House). GPF (Global Policy Forum,) “War and Occupation in Iraq,” Chapter 2. Ramachandra Guha, India After Gandhi. John Rohn Hall, “Amerexit: A Plan for State Sovereignty and an End of Empire,” Dissident Voice, February 26, 2017. Victor David Hanson, Carnage and Culture. Chris Hedges, “The American Empire: Murder Inc.” Truthdig, January 3, 2016. Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, The Philosophy of History (Dover, 1956). J. Christopher  Herold, The Age of Napoleon. Karl Hess, Community. Peter Hoy, “The World’s Biggest Fuel Consumer,” Forbes, June 5, 2008. J.H. Huizinga, Dutch Civilization in the 17th Century. Peter Koenig, “Towards a Foreign Imposed “Political Transition” in Syria?” Global Research, November 3, 2015. John Macpherson (1899). Mental affections; an introduction to the study of insanity. Patrick Martin, 16 April 2003, wsws.org. Edgar Lee Masters, Lincoln The Man. Gaetano Mosca, The Ruling Class. Ralph Nader, “Uncontrollable — Pentagon and Corporate Contractors Too Big to Audit,” Dandelionsalad, March 18, 2016. Thomas Naylor and William H. Willikmon, Downsizing the U.S.A. Karl Popper, The Open Society And Its Enemies. Simon Schama, The Embarrassment of Riches: An Interpretation of Dutch Culture in the Golden Age. Charles Hugh Smith, “Are Cities the Incubators of Decentralized Solutions?” March 14, 2017, oftwominds.com John Stauber and Sheldon Rampton, “Lies Damn Lies and the Public Relations Industry.” (Web) Herbert J. Storing, The Anti-Federalist: Writings by the Opponents of the Constitution, edited by Herbert J. Storing. Jay Syrmopoulus, October 15, 2015, “Iceland Just Jailed Dozens of Corrupt Bankers for 74 Years, The Opposite of What America Does.” Read more at http://thefreethoughtproject.com/icelands-banksters-sentenced-74-years-prison-prosecution-u-s/#UHP3qHr1WIAuRFSs.99. “The Economic Value of Peace, 2016” (PDF) Institute for Economics and Peace. Washington Blog, February 23, 2015 “ICH”(Information Clearing House) http://www.informationclearinghouse.info/article41086.htm Max Weber, Political Writings. John W. Whitehead, March 29, 2016, “From Democracy to Pathocracy: The Rise of the Political Psychopath,” Intrepid Report, April 1, 2016. Wikipedia, “Energy usage of the United States military.” Wikiquote, Woodrow Wilson, Federal Reserve Act of 1913. Sheldon Wolin, Democracy Incorporated: Managed Democracy and the Specter of Inverted Totalitarianism. NOTES 1 See Ellen Brown, The Public Bank Solution: From Austerity to Prosperity  2 Needless to say, the warrior class has little love for Mother Nature, and little concern for her failing eco-system. Their god is Thanatos, the god of death. Happily, they would oversee the extinction of the human species. A total of 192 countries have signed and ratified the Kyoto Protocol, the 1997 treaty that’s the closest thing we have to a working global agreement to fight climate change. The only nations that haven’t signed are Afghanistan, Sudan & the U.S.A. 2a Charles Hugh Smith (oftwominds.com) offers another solution. Why not build our decentralized government around cities? He refers to the writing of urban studies theorist, Richard Florida.  3 See ratical.org for an online copy of Butler’s War Is A Racket.  4 As mentioned earlier in this essay. This was the system that prevailed during the Revolutionary War. Speculators ran around buying up war bonds that returning soldiers would sell for as little as fifteen cents on the dollar. These same speculators then demanded that the full value of the bonds be honored. The U.S. Constitution was written in part to satisfy these demands. Article I, Section 10 prevents states from passing laws, “impairing the Obligation of Contracts.” When these words were written the contracts being referred to were the bonds that the speculators had bought up for as little as fifteen cents on the dollar.  5 See Arthur D. Robbins, “Do Away With Elections?” http://www.intrepidreport.com/archives/15514 6 According to Forbes magazine there are 1,810 billionaires in the world worth a total of $6.5 trillion. Arthur D. Robbins is the author of “Paradise Lost, Paradise Regained: The True Meaning of Democracy,” hailed by Ralph Nader as an “eye-opening, earth-shaking book,… a fresh, torrential shower of revealing insights and vibrant lessons we can use to pursue the blessings and pleasures of a just society through civic efforts that are not as difficult as we have been led to believe.” Visit http://acropolis-newyork.com to learn more. The original source of this article is Global Research Copyright © Arthur D. Robbins, Global Research, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Arthur D. Robbins Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories North Korea and the Looming Nuclear Danger Selected Articles: Elections in France and Britain The “Ottawa Initiative on Haiti”: Humanist Peacekeeping or…? Safe Zones in Syria: Astana’s Key to Political Settlement? The Revitalization of Detroit: Disempowerment and Displacement Serve as Major Impediments Free Speech in Canada Suppressed and Negated Macron and Le Pen: Two Faces of the Same Con France: A Nation’s Conscience and the Question of Terror American Health Care Act: Most Disgraceful Legislation Since Congress Was Founded America’s War for Global Domination. The Roadmap of Conquest Neo-Nazi Network in German Army Exposed De-escalation Zone Memorandum – Decisive Step Towards Peace in Syria? Olympian Politics: The Australian Olympic Committee Popular Culture as a Weapon of Mass Distortion Deconstructing the State. Getting Smaller. Developing the Local Economy. Redirecting the Power from the Centre to the Periphery Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KeyCorp Comments on Rent-A-Center Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (RCII) Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Roper Technologies Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ROP) Brokers Set Expectations for Scotts Miracle-Gro Co’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SMG) KeyCorp Brokers Lift Earnings Estimates for Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. (SPB) Seaport Global Securities Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for ONE Gas Inc (OGS) MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 on May 31st T2 Biosystems Inc (TTOO) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Martin Marietta Materials, Inc. (MLM) Shares Sold by Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Increases Position in Zafgen Inc (ZFGN) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Has $978,000 Position in Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $6.577 Million Stake in IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Toll Brothers Inc (TOL) Stake Reduced by Retirement Systems of Alabama Brookline Bancorp (BRKL) Getting Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Critical Press Coverage Very Likely to Affect Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Stock Price KeyCorp Weighs in on Cabot Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (CBT) TransAlta Co. (TAC) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MAXIMUS, Inc. (MMS) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $616.45 Million Trecora Resources (TREC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research $509.6 Million in Sales Expected for Nexstar Media Group Inc (NXST) This Quarter Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Roper Technologies Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ROP) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) – Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings cut their Q3 2017 earnings estimates for Roper Technologies in a research report issued on Monday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst C. Glynn now anticipates that the industrial products company will post earnings of $2.29 per share for the quarter, down from their prior estimate of $2.31. Oppenheimer Holdings currently has a “Outperform” rating on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for Roper Technologies’ Q4 2017 earnings at $2.54 EPS. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $244.00 target price on the stock in a report on Monday, May 1st. Argus raised Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $235.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $221.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $245.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Friday, March 24th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. Roper Technologies has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $226.56. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Roper Technologies Inc’s Q3 2017 Earnings (ROP)” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/oppenheimer-holdings-comments-on-roper-technologies-incs-q3-2017-earnings-rop.html. Shares of Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) opened at 220.90 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $22.50 billion, a P/E ratio of 34.35 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies has a 52-week low of $159.28 and a 52-week high of $225.57. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $210.32 and a 200-day moving average price of $194.51. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last released its earnings results on Friday, April 28th. The industrial products company reported $2.11 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.99 by $0.12. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The business earned $1.09 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.09 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.81 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.4% on a year-over-year basis. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 21st. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th were paid a $0.35 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.63%. Roper Technologies’s payout ratio is presently 21.77%. In other Roper Technologies news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total value of $535,650.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 63,904 shares in the company, valued at approximately $13,692,071.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in shares of Roper Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $221,070,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 7.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,218,855 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,594,514,000 after buying an additional 961,508 shares during the last quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 34.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 2,292,521 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $419,715,000 after buying an additional 581,048 shares during the last quarter. Capital World Investors raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 43.2% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,010,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $184,295,000 after buying an additional 304,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Federated Investors Inc. PA raised its stake in shares of Roper Technologies by 10,738.7% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 299,581 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $54,848,000 after buying an additional 296,817 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 97.47% of the company’s stock. About Roper Technologies Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rudolph Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RadiSys Co. (RSYS) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research ScanSource, Inc. (SCSC) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research TrueCar Inc (TRUE) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) Short Interest Update Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (LECO) Position Reduced by Capstone Asset Management Co. Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 1,530 Shares of Acadia Realty Trust (AKR) Liberty Property Trust (LPT) Shares Bought by Capstone Asset Management Co. Capstone Asset Management Co. Reduces Position in Neogen Co. (NEOG) Wipro Limited (WIT) Position Increased by Capstone Asset Management Co. EQT GP Holdings LP (EQGP) Position Maintained by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Decreases Position in Cott Co. (COT) Spire Inc (SR) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Brokers Offer Predictions for Credit Acceptance Corp.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CACC) Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc (DO) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.27 Per Share Dana Inc Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.42 Per Share (DAN) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Sequential Brands Group Inc (SQBG) to “Hold” Bank of Montreal Can Lowers Position in Jacobs Engineering Group Inc (JEC) International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Shares Sold by Pennsylvania Trust Co Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Rudolph Technologies Inc (NYSE:RTEC) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report released on Saturday. They currently have $27.00 price objective on the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Rudolph Technologies is a worldwide leader in the design, development, manufacture and support of high-performance process control metrology, defect inspection and data analysis systems used by semiconductor device manufacturers. Rudolph provides a full-fab solution through its families of proprietary products that provide critical yield-enhancing information, enabling microelectronic device manufacturers to drive down costs and time to market. Rudolph has enhanced the competitiveness of its products in the marketplace by anticipating and addressing many emerging trends driving the semiconductor industry’s growth. Rudolph’s strategy for continued technological and market leadership includes aggressive research and development of complementary metrology and inspection solutions. “ Several other analysts have also commented on the company. Credit Suisse Group AG lowered Rudolph Technologies from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Dougherty & Co upgraded Rudolph Technologies from a neutral rating to a buy rating and set a $27.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on Rudolph Technologies from $19.00 to $24.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a report on Tuesday. Finally, B. Riley reiterated a buy rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of Rudolph Technologies in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Rudolph Technologies presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $26.20. Rudolph Technologies (NYSE:RTEC) opened at 23.90 on Friday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $22.62 and its 200-day moving average price is $21.52. The stock has a market cap of $746.59 million, a PE ratio of 20.60 and a beta of 1.31. Rudolph Technologies has a 52 week low of $13.43 and a 52 week high of $25.45. Rudolph Technologies (NYSE:RTEC) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.24 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $60.70 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $58.58 million. Rudolph Technologies had a return on equity of 9.44% and a net margin of 15.87%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 11.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.18 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Rudolph Technologies will post $1.16 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/rudolph-technologies-inc-rtec-upgraded-to-buy-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, VP Steven D. Gardner sold 7,406 shares of the stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.67, for a total transaction of $160,488.02. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 51,066 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,106,600.22. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 4.60% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of RTEC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Rudolph Technologies by 621.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 277,101 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $4,916,000 after buying an additional 238,685 shares in the last quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG raised its stake in shares of Rudolph Technologies by 239.8% in the fourth quarter. Allianz Asset Management AG now owns 320,615 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $7,487,000 after buying an additional 226,253 shares in the last quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. raised its stake in shares of Rudolph Technologies by 41.4% in the third quarter. D. E. Shaw & Co. Inc. now owns 611,731 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $10,852,000 after buying an additional 179,249 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in shares of Rudolph Technologies by 8.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,179,673 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $38,667,000 after buying an additional 168,039 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans raised its stake in shares of Rudolph Technologies by 962.4% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 167,750 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock valued at $3,917,000 after buying an additional 151,960 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 97.70% of the company’s stock. About Rudolph Technologies Rudolph Technologies, Inc (Rudolph) is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and support of process control defect inspection and metrology, advanced packaging lithography, and data analysis systems and software used by microelectronics device manufacturers. The Company provides process and yield management solutions used in both wafer processing and final manufacturing through a family of standalone systems for macro-defect inspection, lithography, probe card test and analysis, and transparent and opaque thin film measurements. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Rudolph Technologies (RTEC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rudolph Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FleetCor Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.84 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Etsy Inc Cut by Wedbush (ETSY) Flowserve Corp to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.47 Per Share, Seaport Global Securities Forecasts (FLS) Searle & CO. Has $1,545,000 Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Sensient Technologies Co. (SXT) Stake Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC 136,985 Shares in Chevron Co. (CVX) Acquired by Kentucky Retirement Systems Teachers Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (PAG) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $553.647 Million Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Cable One Inc (CABO) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Wealthfront Inc. Has $3.173 Million Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. Has $454,000 Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Hanesbrands Inc. Cut by Analyst (HBI) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Hyster-Yale Materials Handling Inc (HY) Boosted by Analyst Independence Contract Drilling Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.09) Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (ICD) Aristotle Capital Management LLC Purchases 1,129,946 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) Norges Bank Takes Position in Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 35,945 Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Peninsula Energy (PENMF) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research 30,004 Shares in Gamco Investors Inc (GBL) Acquired by Norges Bank FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.84 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:FLT) – Equities researchers at William Blair reduced their Q2 2017 earnings estimates for shares of FleetCor Technologies in a research report issued on Monday. William Blair analyst R. Napoli now expects that the business services provider will post earnings per share of $1.84 for the quarter, down from their previous estimate of $1.85. William Blair currently has a “Outperform” rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also recently commented on FLT. Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of FleetCor Technologies from an “outperform” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $180.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday. Compass Point upgraded shares of FleetCor Technologies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $170.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $138.00 target price on shares of FleetCor Technologies in a research report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of FleetCor Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of FleetCor Technologies in a research report on Wednesday. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $177.07. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.84 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/fleetcor-technologies-inc-flt-to-post-q2-2017-earnings-of-1-84-per-share-william-blair-forecasts.html. FleetCor Technologies (NYSE:FLT) opened at 133.40 on Thursday. FleetCor Technologies has a one year low of $121.52 and a one year high of $176.42. The firm has a market capitalization of $12.26 billion, a PE ratio of 28.08 and a beta of 1.24. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $147.75 and a 200-day moving average price of $153.24. FleetCor Technologies (NYSE:FLT) last issued its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The business services provider reported $1.96 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.87 by $0.09. The business had revenue of $520.43 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $514.56 million. FleetCor Technologies had a return on equity of 19.67% and a net margin of 24.53%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 25.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.53 EPS. In other FleetCor Technologies news, CEO Ronald Clarke sold 100,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $160.91, for a total transaction of $16,091,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 317,782 shares in the company, valued at approximately $51,134,301.62. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, insider Todd House sold 13,250 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $159.60, for a total value of $2,114,700.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 4,367 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $696,973.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 132,285 shares of company stock valued at $21,356,887. 4.30% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. 12 West Capital Management LP purchased a new position in FleetCor Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $198,889,000. Norges Bank purchased a new position in FleetCor Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $92,080,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in FleetCor Technologies by 247.1% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 639,990 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $111,185,000 after buying an additional 455,583 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in FleetCor Technologies by 64.7% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 1,082,800 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $153,238,000 after buying an additional 425,297 shares during the period. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new position in FleetCor Technologies during the fourth quarter worth about $52,426,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.73% of the company’s stock. About FleetCor Technologies FleetCor Technologies, Inc is a provider of workforce payment products. The Company offers fuel card payments product solutions, corporate payments products, toll products, lodging cards and gift cards. The Company operates through two segments: North America and International. Its products are sold to businesses, retailers, oil companies and marketers and government entities. Receive News & Ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FleetCor Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
May 072017 E- Edition Newspaper May 07, 2017 Last Updated at 09:59 AST Home Subscribe E-Newsletter About Us Contact Us   Oman | Viral | Global | Motoring | Food | Celebrity | Sport Oman starts shipment of limestone from Duqm port Fire sets building and vehicles ablaze Crude oil lowest in 5 months New VAT bill could rise to over OMR 40,000 North Korea accuses CIA of 'bio-chemical' plot against leadership Oman Omanisation | Tourism | Education | Environment | Health | Government | Transport | Science | Heritage Don't share personal photos online, warns Royal Oman Police Muscat Municipality introduces electronic services through its website Haitham conveys Sultan Qaboos' condolences to King Salman Oman takes part in conferences of the parties to the Basel and Rotterdam and Stockholm Conventions CBSE unveils rules for school bus transport in Oman   OmanPride: Salalah’s Al Baleed Resort scoops Hotel of the Year award OmanPride: Volunteering in Oman is for the greater good OmanPride: Hatim Al Abdissalaam, on a mission to educate the youth OmanPride: Join the run to inspire hope Times of Oman Inter School Quiz Contest concludes with sensational finals World GCC | Middle East | India | Pakistan | Americas | Europe | Asia | Africa France fights to keep Macron email hack from distorting election Indian-origin girl in UK gets 162 IQ points, more than Einstein 86-year-old Nepali mountaineer dies on Mount Everest 35 killed in school minibus crash in Tanzania South Asian Satellite: Prime Minister Narendra Modi says dream and commitment fulfilled Business Personal Finance | Aviation | Energy | Markets | Property | Retail | Banking | Economy | Technology Indian economy expected to grow by 8 per cent next year Microsoft unveils new educational products Middle East carriers’ traffic growth slowed to 4.9 per cent in March: IATA With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus Oman starts shipment of limestone from Duqm port Sports Oman | Football | Cricket | Tennis | Motorsport | Olympics | Hockey | Athletics | Golf | Sailing | More sports IPL: Mumbai Indians seal play-offs spot with thumping win over DD Hockey: Britain dethrone Australia to reclaim Azlan Shah Cup after 23 years Football: Shawcross own goal gives Bournemouth 2-2 draw with Stoke Football: Sunderland dent Hull's survival hopes with 2-0 win Football: Leicester ease past Watford to climb into top half Opinion Twitter financial failing Mending Bangladesh’s garment industry The left must vote for Macron Where U.S. manufacturing jobs really went Stop insuring climate disaster Technology Oman technology: All about Nova Launcher Oman technology: All about Runkeeper Times Digital Download: The Simpsons Times Digital Download: Scrubs, the story of young medical professionals Oman technology: All about Pose Lifestyle Wellness | Motoring | Dining | Entertainment | Family | Property Times | Travel  Leisure | Culture | Photography Tips for a perfect summer workout Oman wellness: Prevent diabetic heart disease 6 surprising health benefits of strawberries Madhur Bhandarkar starts shooting his international project Majidi wraps 'Beyond The Clouds' shoot   This Weekend | Food | Style | Recreation | Travel Trending Entertainment Updates Top Trending Videos This Week Interesting uses of tea in Muscat Savour Oman's favourite tea 6 tips on how to use tea for beauty Business US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4% May 6, 2017 | 1:15 PM by Reuters There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. - Reuters file picture x There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. - Reuters file picture   Sharelines US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4% #US job growth rebounds sharply, #unemployment rate falls to 4.4% Washington: US job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 per cent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labour Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the US central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 per cent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 per cent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch programme. Prices of benchmark US Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while US stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. Wage growth lags The US economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today — It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 per cent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 per cent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 per cent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 per cent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 per cent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 per cent from an 11-month high of 63 per cent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 per cent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney, Macy's and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. < Previous PageNext Page > Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. STAY UPDATED Subscribe to our newsletter and be the first to know all the latest news Sign Up More in Business Middle East carriers’ traffic growth slowed to 4.9 per cent in March: IATA With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus Oman starts shipment of limestone from Duqm port Gallery +25 ° C +25° +25° Muscat Tuesday, 15 Wednesday +25° +24° Thursday +24° +23° Friday +24° +23° Saturday +24° +23° Sunday +24° +23° Monday +24° +23° See 7-Day Forecast Recommended for you Indian economy expected to grow by 8 per cent next year Microsoft unveils new educational products PREVIOUS ARTICLE Bullish trend continues NEXT ARTICLE EU to cut Greece 2017 growth forecast to around 2 per cent Oman #OmanPride World Sports Opinion Business Technology Lifestyle Entertainment Advertising RSS Feeds Subscription TOO Apps Classifieds E Paper About us Blog Jobs Contact us Request a Quote Copyright © 2017 Muscat Media Group. Times of Oman is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Newsletter
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 65 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 7, 2017 MAY 7, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 7, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 65 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login BlackRock, Pimco plan new front in bank-rigging cases By KIT CHELLEL AND JEREMY HODGES Bloomberg News First Published May 06 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated May 06 2017 01:05 am Share This Article Some of the world's biggest investors are working with a U.S. law firm to prepare a fresh wave of litigation against banks accused of rigging foreign exchange markets. BlackRock Inc., Pacific Investment Management Co. and hedge fund BlueCrest Capital Management are working with law firm Quinn Emanuel to recover losses they blame on the manipulation of currency benchmarks, according to two people familiar with the case, who asked not to be identified because nothing has been filed. The target banks, including Barclays, Citigroup, HSBC Holdings, JPMorgan Chase, Royal Bank of Scotland Group and UBS Group, have been fined billions of dollars for conspiring to rig FX benchmarks, one of the people said. The firm, which will probably file lawsuits in London and New York, is trying to attract additional investors. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Quinn Emanuel's clients will likely opt out of an existing New York class action over currency manipulation that won a total of about $2 billion in settlements from HSBC, Barclays, RBS, Goldman Sachs and others in 2015, according to people with knowledge of the firm's strategy. Opting out of the class action would allow large investors to seek higher settlements by pursuing a global strategy that includes the recovery of losses from London, where a significant portion of global trades are settled. The existing class action is limited to transactions that took place in New York. The two law firms that are running the existing U.S. lawsuit, Hausfeld and Scott + Scott, won't give up control of the case without a fight. In an April 24 letter e-mailed to U.S. District Judge Lorna Schofield, lawyers complained that "certain unnamed law firms were sending false and misleading communications to class members to persuade them to opt out of the settlements," the judge said in a court order Thursday. She set a May 12 deadline for the two firms to make a formal request as to what she should do in response. Officials at Scott + Scott and Jim Baxter, a spokesman for Quinn Emanuel in London, declined to immediately comment. A lawyer for Hausfeld in the U.K. couldn't immediately be reached to comment. The Massachusetts Pension Reserves Investment Management Board and California State Teachers' Retirement System are also considering signing up to the new action. "CalSTRS is a member of the FX market manipulation antitrust class and has been evaluating its options, including potentially using Quinn Emanuel or another law firm to file an opt-out case, but has not yet committed to do so," Brian J. Bartow, the California pension's general counsel, said in a statement. "At the moment, CalSTRS remains a member of the class." Other investor groups either declined to comment or didn't return calls and e-mails seeking comment. Banks have paid about $10 billion in fines to global authorities over the last few years to resolve allegations traders tried to manipulate key foreign-exchange benchmarks such as the 4 p.m. WM/Reuters and 1.15 p.m. European Central Bank fixes. The settlements, some of which included guilty pleas in the U.S., came after dozens of individuals were suspended or fired over the behavior. The latest legal campaign threatens to give new impetus to the benchmark rigging scandal, and may force banks into paying significantly higher legal settlements. Banks including UBS, HSBC and RBS declined to comment. Other lenders didn't immediately reply to requests for comment on the lawsuits. At least five people have also been charged in the U.S., including three members of a chat room dubbed "the cartel" that was the focus of the investigation. Some of the men are in talks with the Justice Department on voluntarily coming to the U.S. to fight the charges, Bloomberg reported last month. A fourth member of the group has been cooperating with prosecutors.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Colorado father wins case against ex who secretly put infant up for adoption in Utah Jazz lead by 9 in second half, but Warriors rally for 102-91 win Monson: Yeah, the Jazz lost â¦ so what? Utah Jazz: Angry Rudy Gobert vows to break through Warriors' snapping defense George F. Will: A president who does not know what it is to know ELEVATE 8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jobs Report Shows Slight Improvement for Legal Employment in April Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily CONTINUE Former Robins Kaplan Partner Forms Business Litigation and IP Boutique in NY Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily Law Student’s Harassment and Bullying Ran Amok, Claims Professor’s Suit Karen Sloan Law.Com To Bayer, Compliance Is All a Game Stephanie Forshee Corporate Counsel Sorrows of Those Wrongfully Convicted Unveiled in New Book Randy Maniloff The Legal Intelligencer Cannabis Industry Creates Haze of Uncertainty, Opportunity for Legal Business › In-Depth Analysis California Prepares to Ramp Up Push for Marijuana Rules By Cheryl Miller|The Recorder News NYC Boutique Makes Bet on Big Weed front News Legal Weed Company Gets Some More Lawyer-Shareholders News California Judges Are Told to Stay Away from Pot Businesses Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS J&J Takes $110M Hit in Talc Trial, Adding to String of Losses Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal ‘Orange Is The New Black’ Hack Has Hollywood on Edge, Legal Minds Divided Todd Cunningham The Recorder What You Need to Know About Emoji Law (Yes, That's a Thing) Ross Todd The Recorder Elite Plaintiffs Lawyer Accused of Concealing Payments to Expert Witnesses Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal Dewey Survivors Share Lessons From Their Old Firm's Demise Scott Flaherty The American Lawyer Alanis Morissette’s Business Manager Gets 6-Year Sentence for Embezzling $7.2M Todd Cunningham The Recorder Big Law Defectors Make Bet on Muslim Clients John Council Texas Lawyer Popular     Who Got Those Social 'Influencer' Letters From the FTC? Read the Full List. Another Struggling Law School, Another Dean Ousted Elite Plaintiffs Lawyer Accused of Concealing Payments to Expert Witnesses Law Student’s Harassment and Bullying Ran Amok, Claims Professor’s Suit Five Judges to Watch in Fourth Circuit Travel Ban Hearing PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Russia introduces draft law on country-by-country reporting requirements: implications for multinationals A newly published federal draft law introduces Russia to a three-tiered approach to transfer pricing documentation. Download Employment essentials: April’s top 5 Gowling WLG's employment, labour & equalities experts bring you the latest top five employment law developments that may affect your business - what they are, and what you can do about them. Download Government agrees to quashing of decision on Aylesbury Estate CPO Sajid Javid's decision last September to refuse to confirm the London Borough of Southwark's request for compulsory purchase powers on human rights grounds caused ripples to run through the CPO profession. Download The general counsel: a sherpa or scapegoat for the c-suite? Companies now want their legal adviser to guide the business up the dangerous mountain path to growth and profitability, but they also have to make sure they keep all their fingers and toes. Download The art of the modern carve-out: six steps to greater value Many corporates are withdrawing from activities where their businesses are least profitable or where there is no longer a strategic fit. Carve-outs can unlock value from these non-core enterprises. This guide sets out the steps that can be taken to create the right circumstances for success. Download House passes health reform bill: three key amendments This week, Republicans in the US House of Representatives succeeded in passing a health care bill. This article sets out the provisions in the original legislation, as well as the three subsequent amendments that were required to pass the Act this time around. Download Shining a light on the Darknet: what every business should know The portion of the internet that most people generally use is only one of three layers. Of the other two, the Darknet is likely to become increasingly relevant for communication, commercial activity, terrorism and cybercrime. This article explains exactly what the Darknet is, and how it works. Download Could Alternative Business Structures save the Bar? A decade after the Legal Services Act 2007 paved the way for them, The Bar Standards Board has finally licensed Alternative Business Structures. Download FINRA looks to modernize corporate finance regulation The proposal represents a major step in what promises to be a full-scale overhaul of FINRA’s Capital Formation Rules Download For the third time, FDA extends compliance date for menu-labeling requirements The Food and Drug Administration announced in a constituent update that it would extend the menu-labeling compliance date for covered establishments to May 7, 2018. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct UK-USA-ECONOMY:U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pctReuters | May 6, 2017, 05.30 AM IST By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web These Couples Never Announced the Birth of their Babies Zimbio Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Be the Forefront of Innovation with a Master's from DePaul College of Computing and Digital Media More from The Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India Al Pacino urges daughter to drop surname - Times of India Seema Verma - Key architect of Republican healthcare bill From the Web More From The Times of India Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear…The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Lifestyle Factors That Can Cause EDWebMD Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in CliftonLuxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Check out: Ranveer's beefed up look for ‘Padmavati’ What’s brewing between Pankhuri and Ankit? - Times of India Modi-Sharif handshake salvages Saarc summit - Times of India MetroZip undergoes makeover - Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular 'Brutal' Nirbhaya rapists to hang; will sleep tonight, victim's father says 330 kilograms lighter, Egyptian woman leaves India Mumbai businessman arrested for defrauding public sector banks of Rs 2,600 crore 9 Discounts Seniors Get Only If they Know Ad: BusinessAdviceSource.com Cognizant reports 2.4% QoQ growth in Q1 revenue IT major Cognizant reported a 26.3 per cent YoY in net income at $557 million, or $0.92 per diluted share for the March quarter. This compares with $441 million, or $0.72 per diluted share, net income that the company reported for the first quarter of 2016. Total revenue for the quarter stood at $3.55 billion, which rose 10.7 per cent YoY from $3.20 billion. On a sequential basis, revenues rose 2.4 per cent. ACC to explore possibility of a merger with Ambuja Cement ACC Cement has decided to explore further the possibility of merging operations with Ambuja Cement, as discussed by the board of directors at the annual meeting of ACC. From around the Web Bollywood actresses who played the role of police officers BOLLYWOODUNION Download Infographic: How Lenders Can Create a Streamlined.. Experian Learn More About the New Acura ILX & Find a Dealer Today Acura Her Dress Dropped Jaws At The 2015 Met Gala StyleBistro More From The Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Read MoreWarasiyaVMCvadodara vadodara municipal corporationu s treasuriesTrump Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting U.S. Interior chief kicks off monument review with Utah visit FOB Gulf Grain-Corn, soy level as Midwest floods thin spot supply Bonavista Energy, Empire Company, Great-West Lifeco 1U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct 2Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting 3U.S. Interior chief kicks off monument review with Utah visit 4FOB Gulf Grain-Corn, soy level as Midwest floods thin spot supply 5Bonavista Energy, Empire Company, Great-West Lifeco Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Live: South Asia Satellite  Nirbhaya case Maruti Dzire 2017 RCB vs KXIP SSLC Result 2017 Nirbhaya GSLV Nirbhaya verdict South Asia Satellite Bahubali 2 Collection Day 6 Blue Whale challenge Bahubali 2 Collection Day 5 services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Nirbhaya case Infosys ICICI Bank Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant CIA Review Babu Baga Busy review Baahubali 2 Records Trending topics Best Sex Positions IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Best Mehndi Designs Shivpal Yadav new party Bahubali 2 Collection xXx Baahubali 2 Collections Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 387 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Nonprofit works to transform Detroit’s Regent Park The nonprofit founded in 2005 is on a mission to revitalize a blighted neighborhood on the city’s east side Post to Facebook Nonprofit works to transform Detroit’s Regent Park The nonprofit founded in 2005 is on a mission to revitalize a blighted neighborhood on the city’s east side  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2pPUDIt {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Nonprofit works to transform Detroit’s Regent Park Stephanie Steinberg , The Detroit News Published 11:09 p.m. ET May 5, 2017 | Updated 17 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share A LifeBUILDERS executive and employee talk about their home rehab work in the Detroit The nonprofit founded in 2005 is on a mission to revitalize a blighted neighborhood on the city’s east side Buy Photo Co-founder Marilyn Johnson leaves a renovated house on Eastburn. It will be the first home the nonprofit puts on the market. They plan to list it at $65,000. (Photo: Stephanie Steinberg / The Detroit News)Buy Photo 387 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Detroit — Marilyn Johnson remembers more than a decade ago when the corner bungalow on Eastburn was a “gun haven” for a gang on the city’s east side. “They were dealing AK-47s in this house when we moved into the neighborhood,” said the 72-year-old Regent Park resident, standing in a remodeled first-floor bedroom. “I found shell cases all over the house.” Since then, Johnson and her husband Larry, 69, founded the nonprofit LifeBuilders and rehabbed 30 Regent Park homes as well as offered afterschool programs and summer camps in an area Larry said is known as “Detroit’s most dangerous ZIP code: 48205.” This spring, the nonprofit is renovating 13 homes, five of which are funded with money from a $500,000 Wayne County grant. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn LifeBuilders remodels homes in Detroit  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson, 72, points to houses, Tuesday, April 25, 2017, that LifeBuilders remodeled in Detroit's Regent Park. The nonprofit has rehabbed 35 homes and is renovating another 13 this spring. The next phase of the project entails renovating over 100 homes in the neighborhood starting this fall.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Johnson walks into a house the nonprofit is renovating. The home on Eastburn used to be occupied by a Detroit gang a decade ago. "They were dealing AK 47s in this house when we moved into the neighborhood,"Johnson said. "This was a gun haven for a Detroit gang."  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Detroit resident Kevin Marshall, 23, attended LifeBuilders' teen program when he was 16. He now works for LifeBuilders as an operations manager in charge of renovating homes. On April 25, he preps the kitchen walls for painting at a home on Eastburn in Regent Park.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Detroit resident Kevin Marshall, 23, attended LifeBuilders' teen program when he was 16. He now works for LifeBuilders as an operations manager in charge of renovating homes. On April 25, he preps the kitchen walls for painting at a home on Eastburn in Regent Park.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founders Marilyn and Larry Johnson stand in the park their nonprofit is revitalizing on Bringard in Regent Park. The park will include sports fields, pavilions and walking trails. An opening kickoff event will be held June 10.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Every home LifeBuilders that has been renovated in Regent Park has a "No Dumping God Is Watching You" sign.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Johnson shows off the kitchen cabinets in a renovated home on Eastburn in Regent Park, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. It will be the first home the nonprofit is putting on the market to sell. They plan to list it at $65,000.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders property manager Mike Agrusa, left, 52, shows off the finished basement in a renovated home on Eastburn in Regent Park with LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson. The basement was painted LifeBuilders signature lime green color. Agrusa has worked for LifeBuilders the past five years, helping to fix up homes. "Even though I don't reside in Detroit, you can't help but want to rebuild the area," he said.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson leaves a renovated house on Eastburn in Regent Park. It will be the first home the nonprofit is putting on the market to sell.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuiders co-founder Marilyn Johnson hugs first-grader Devin Mitchell as he enters LifeBuilders’ after-school program at The Branch, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. JP Morgan Chase donated its closed bank branch in Harper Woods to LifeBuilders. The nonprofit renovated the building into a youth center and opened it in October 2016. Known as “The Branch,” the center hosts after-school programs, kids camps and mentor programs for teens in the neighborhood.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo A LifeBuilders bus arrives at The Branch with about 20 kids for an after-school program.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders co-founder Marilyn Johnson fist bumps with a student entering LifeBuilders’ after-school program at The Branch.  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders bus driver Mona Sloan, 61, drops off kids at the after-school program at The Branch. Sloan has worked at LifeBuilders the past six years and has helped renovate apartments and mentor youth in LifeBuilders programs. “They just do so much,” she says of co-founders Marilyn and Larry Johnson. “I’m just so grateful to be able to be a part of what they’re doing."  Stephanie Steinberg, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo LifeBuilders employee Kevin Marshall, of Detroit, rakes in front of the office on Kelly near Bringard, Saturday morning, April 29, 2017.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Paul Freund sweeps the sidewalk as other pick up debris. Kensington Church members from the Clinton Township campus and LifeBuilders employees clean up around houses and a former school / community center in the Regent Park neighborhood on Detroit’s northeast side, Saturday morning, April 29, 2017.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Volunteer Terry Pipsky, left, and LifeBuilders administrative assistant Sherry Wernette pick up debris in the driveway in front of this garage.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Alexis Maison, right, and others pick up debris near this vacant building, which used to be part of McGregor Middle School, according to neighbors. Kensington Church members from the Clinton Township campus and LifeBuilders employees clean up around houses and a former school / community center in the Regent Park neighborhood.  Todd McInturf, The Detroit News Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 17 2 of 17 3 of 17 4 of 17 5 of 17 6 of 17 7 of 17 8 of 17 9 of 17 10 of 17 11 of 17 12 of 17 13 of 17 14 of 17 15 of 17 16 of 17 17 of 17 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The couple originally strove to restore 150 blighted homes in the neighborhood by 2020 through grants, donations and their thousands of volunteers. Now, an interested developer has stepped in to speed up the process and help renovate more than 100 homes starting as early as this fall. “What we originally dreamed was going to take so long to do, we have an opportunity to do it much faster, and it’s very exciting,” Larry said. In their Detroit headquarters, a satellite map with 100-plus dots covers a table. The green dots represent LifeBuilders’ acquired property; yellow, acquired lots; and red, abandoned properties. Larry points to a sticker with sports balls, plotted on the shuttered Tracy W. McGregor Elementary School on Edmore. “That will be the future epicenter of the community,” he said. The school had been abandoned for over 10 years before LifeBuilders bought the building and adjacent property it will turn into a park with sports fields, picnic pavilions and walking trails. Bringard-Boulder Park is scheduled to open June 10. LifeBuilders also plans to renovate the closed school into a 16,000-square-foot Head Start facility and host its youth and senior programs — currently held in a former Harper Woods JPMorgan Chase bank branch — in the building. The Johnsons are making good on a promise they made 12 years ago to invest in Regent Park. Instead of joining the ranks of suburbanites who criticized Detroit, the then-Grosse Pointe residents, who spent decades in the computer business, wanted to take action. “We decided that we were going to give our lives to doing what we could do to make a difference in Detroit,” Larry said. He and his wife started organizing Bible studies and church services in a former yoga studio on Kelly. Getting to know the families, Larry said they began to “share in their despair and hopelessness (they felt) as a result of all the blight that had encroached on their lives.” “Somebody needed to do something about all this,” he added. “And rather than wait for somebody else to do it, we decided that we were going to take on this housing situation and see what we could do.” They restored their first house on Kelly, buying it for under $20,000 with their savings. Then, they restored another on Eastburn. And another on Collingham. And renovated a 16-unit apartment complex on Kelly. “As they saw us work here, many people decided that they were going to stay rather than move,” Larry said, “and see this to an end with the hope that the community would be restored to what it once was.” Decades ago, Detroit police officers, firefighters, teachers and city workers occupied the 2,200 Regent Park homes bounded by Seven Mile, Eight Mile, Kelly and Gratiot. When a 1999 law lifted the requirement for city employees to live in Detroit, residents started packing boxes, Larry said. Then the real estate bubble burst in 2007, exacerbating the number of abandoned homes and foreclosures in the neighborhood. “Twenty-five percent of the 2,200 homes in our area are in some state of abandonment,” Larry said. The Johnsons picked Regent Park due its proximity to Grosse Pointe, thinking they’d easily enlist suburban volunteers. “It didn’t work out as we thought,” Larry said. “People were fearful of coming here and working in the community.” Eventually, that mentality shifted as the Johnsons moved to the neighborhood and changed the community one house — and person — at a time. ‘Bringing a lot peace’ Crouching on the ground, Kevin Marshall scraped paint off moldy walls in the former gang house on Eastburn. The 23-year-old Detroiter joined LifeBuilders at age 16. He’ll admit, the teen program enticed him with free McDonald’s gift cards. “I was like, ‘Yeah, I’ll come all the time,’ ” he laughed. In the program led by Larry Johnson, Marshall said he gained mentors who were “there for you in a time of need.” “They made us mature young men,” he added. Now a LifeBuilders operations manager, he restores houses and does “a little bit of everything.” “(They’re) bringing a lot peace in the neighborhood and a lot of hope,” he said. “I just wanted to be a part of that.” Mona Sloan of Detroit felt the same draw. The 61-year-old met Marilyn Johnson at church in 2008. “She’s my spiritual sister,” Sloan said. “When I came to Detroit, she helped me out a great deal.” A part-time staffer, Sloan shuttles children in the LifeBuilders bus, mentors teen girls Monday nights and renovated the apartment complex she now lives in. Over the last eight years, she’s watched the neighborhood transform. “They’ve gotten rid of so many drug dealers and people squatting, and the renovated houses bring the community back up,” she said in the driver seat after dropping off 20 kids for LifeBuilders’ afterschool program. The youth program started with a few kids, she added. Now, it reaches hundreds, thanks to the Johnsons passing out fliers and talking to kids on the street. “They give so much of themselves,” Sloan said. “I ask them all the time, ‘How the heck do you do it?’... They said, ‘We eat wheat germ and flaxseed, among other stuff.’ I started eating wheat germ and flaxseed. I’m not kidding.’ ” Gentrifying Regent Park Anyone who fills out an application and passes a criminal background check is eligible to rent a LifeBuilders home or apartment. Houses range from $700-$800 and apartments start at $550 a month. Most renters are low-income, but that’s quickly changing as rental rates rise downtown. Native Detroiter Rosalind Adams, for instance, lives near Lafayette Park. She decided to move after receiving a notice her $1,050 monthly rent would be raised potentially hundreds of dollars to reflect market value rates. “I work in the Renaissance Center, so (the location) was convenient for my job,” said Adams, 59. “But I’m not going to keep paying all this money just for convenience.” Her brother moved into a LifeBuilders house after his rent increased, too, and he recommended she check out the neighborhood. After touring a bungalow on Carlisle, she signed the papers to move in June 1. While she said she liked that LifeBuilders is “looking out for everybody in the community,” she’ll also get more for her buck. “It has a fenced in back porch, a garage and I can barbecue,” she said of the $800 rental. “There’s a yard my grandkids can play in.” This month, LifeBuilders will put its first home — a three-bedroom, one-bathroom — on the market starting at $65,000. It’s one step toward increasing real estate values in a neighborhood Marilyn Johnson said hasn’t seen for-sale signs in years. Austin Black II, owner and broker of the real estate brokerage City Living Detroit, said he thinks the house will have a significant impact on stabilizing values and properties in the neighborhood. He gave an example of a house he put on the market in Fitzgerald — another neighborhood depressed since the Great Recession. “I listed the home, and we saw a pretty vast increase, not only in the values in the neighborhood, but also we saw people that already lived in the neighborhood starting to fix up their homes,” he said. Kresge Foundation Detroit Program officer Bryan Hogle said the foundation believes LifeBuilders will have a similar effect on the community. In April, Kresge Innovative Projects: Detroit awarded $75,000 to LifeBuilders for home renovations. The foundation also gave a $150,000 grant to the nonprofit last year to revitalize Bringer-Boulder Park. LifeBuilders represents two of 39 projects Kresge’s Detroit Program has funded the last three years. Hogle himself has volunteered for cleanup projects and witnessed the Johnsons’ passion. “I’m really excited about the opportunity for them to turn a place where there was a lot of crime and negativity activity going on that was a burden on the neighborhood, into a place that will be a center for community,” he said. Down the road, the Johnsons hope to expand their work west toward Gratiot and reach a 98 percent home occupancy rate in Regent Park. Regent Park isn’t Midtown, Marilyn Johnson stressed. And they don’t want it to be. “We don’t have wonderful restaurants, we don’t have wonderful stores, we don’t have sports complexes. We’re just neighbors coming together,” she said. “It’s a beautiful thing to see people from all walks ... working together, living together and liking each other. That’s wonderful gentrification. We didn’t plan that. It just happened.” ssteinberg@detroitnews.com (313) 222-2156 Twitter: @Steph_Steinberg How to donate, volunteer Visit lifebuildersdetroit.com or text “give” to (313) 924-1510. 387 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2pPUDIt TOP VIDEOS LifeBuilders' mission to revitalize Detroit’s Regent Park 1:37 Dog owner talks about maulings 1:30 Lyft driver shot at after kicking out passengers 2:17 St. Charles Residence to bring new condos to Islandview neighborhood 1:21 Raw video: Shuttered Detroit animal center demolished 1:37 Century Partners invest in Detroit 3:46 Bus driver shot after ejecting DDOT bus passenger 0:12 Surveillance footage of Walgreens break-in 0:10 Surveillance video of Huron Room break-in suspects 0:09 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novocure Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pacific Mercantile Bancorp (PMBC) Getting Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Paypal Holdings (PYPL) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.08 Princeton Alpha Management LP Purchases Shares of 11,283 NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Tygh Capital Management Inc. Reduces Position in TETRA Technologies, Inc. (TTI) Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Acquires New Stake in NetEase Inc (NTES) Aqua America Inc (WTR) Position Maintained by Loudon Investment Management LLC Nextera Energy Partners (NEP) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) Shares Sold by Princeton Alpha Management LP West Family Investments Inc. Has $2,242,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Princeton Alpha Management LP Has $508,000 Position in Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) 500,000 Shares in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Acquired by Gabalex Capital Management LLC Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng Inc (ASX) Stake Boosted by Checchi Capital Advisers LLC Karpas Strategies LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Wyndham Worldwide Co. (WYN) Novocure (NVCR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds NorthWestern Corp (NWE) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.19 U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Shares Sold by Tygh Capital Management Inc. Tygh Capital Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Middleby Corp (MIDD) Taminco Corp (TAM) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Davis R M Inc. Cuts Position in Mettler-Toledo International Inc. (MTD) HPM Partners LLC Takes Position in Kyocera Corp (KYO) Novocure (NVCR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) has trended somewhat positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. AlphaOne, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Novocure earned a media sentiment score of 0.14 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news articles about the medical equipment provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the news articles that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s scoring: -$0.21 EPS Expected for Novocure Ltd (NVCR) This Quarter (americanbankingnews.com) Novocure™ Announces Opening of Two Pilot Trials to Evaluate the Use of TTFields for Pediatric Gliomas (finance.yahoo.com) Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts (americanbankingnews.com) Novocure Ltd (NVCR) Insider Sells $90,000.00 in Stock (americanbankingnews.com) ETFs with exposure to Novocure Ltd. : May 1, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Several research firms have recently issued reports on NVCR. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Novocure from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of Novocure from $10.00 to $11.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Monday. JMP Securities reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $34.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Finally, Wedbush reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $20.00 price objective on shares of Novocure in a research report on Friday, April 7th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $16.43. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) traded up 4.42% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $11.80. 585,986 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $1.04 billion. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $9.96 and a 200-day moving average price of $8.19. Novocure has a 1-year low of $5.95 and a 1-year high of $14.30. Novocure (NASDAQ:NVCR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The medical equipment provider reported ($0.21) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.25) by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $34.88 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $39.46 million. Novocure had a negative net margin of 219.29% and a negative return on equity of 69.89%. Analysts predict that Novocure will post ($0.90) EPS for the current year. In other news, Director Gert L. Perlhagen purchased 125,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were bought at an average price of $6.93 per share, with a total value of $866,250.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 6,125,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $42,446,250. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, CTO Yoram Palti sold 4,000 shares of Novocure stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $10.72, for a total transaction of $42,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief technology officer now directly owns 143,825 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,541,804. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 76,000 shares of company stock worth $838,640. Insiders own 33.90% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Novocure (NVCR) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/novocure-nvcr-receiving-somewhat-favorable-news-coverage-report-finds.html. Novocure Company Profile NovoCure Limited is a commercial-stage oncology company. The Company is engaged in developing a cancer treatment centered on a therapy called TTFields, the use of electric fields tuned to specific frequencies to disrupt solid tumor cancer cell division. Its TTFields delivery system is used for the treatment of glioblastoma (GBM) and to advance programs testing of TTFields in multiple solid tumor indications through its clinical pipeline. Receive News & Ratings for Novocure Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novocure Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 per cent US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 per cent U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. By: Reuters | Published: May 6, 2017 7:39 AM U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. (Reuters) U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April’s job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year’s monthly average of 185,000.There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment.”These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting,” said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank’s contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely “transitory,” and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a “moderate” pace.The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would “strengthen somewhat further.” It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed’s June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group’s FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France’s presidential election on Sunday. You May Also Like To Watch This: WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population.Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation.Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: “Great jobs report today – It is all beginning to work!” In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March.But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages.”While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages,” said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007.The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy’s Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations.Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. No Comments. Don't Miss AAP infighting live updates: Kapil Mishra alleges Arvind Kejriwal of taking Rs 2 cr from Satyendar Jain AAP crisis: Kapil Mishra makes shocking allegation, says 'Satyendar Jain gave Rs 2 cr to Arvind Kejriwal' Japan's SoftBank takes driving seat in Indian online shake-up Protectionism can blunt US firms' efficiency: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Naveen Patnaik revamps Odisha ministry: Twelve ministers, including 10 new entrants sworn in After MCD loss Ajay Maken urges Congress workers to prepare for next elections Space diplomacy triumphs: But will South Asia Satellite become white elephant in space? No Karachi-Mumbai PIA flight from tomorrow: Pakistani official Finance Minister Arun Jaitley asks Asian Development Bank to reduce time lag in loan approval and disbursal Tata Motors expects 15% growth in commercial vehicles exports Business Gallery China’s C919 by COMAC to take on Airbus A320 & Boeing 737: Here is all you want to know about the jet Swachh Survekshan Awards: From Indore to Tirupati, check out India’s 10 cleanest cities Dust storm chokes Beijing and northern China: Here’s how the area looks like India’s first ‘Pod hotel’ comes up in suburban Andheri; check out the one-of-its-kind features Tejas Express: Inside Indian Railways’ luxury train that will take you from Mumbai to Goa at 130 kmph! Technology Gallery PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 From fitness band, bluetooth device to smartphones, here are top 8 noteworthy gadgets Hindi News कपिल मिश्रा का बड़ा आरोप- सत्येंद्र जैन ने अरविंद केजरीवाल को मेरे सामने दिए दो करोड़ रु कैश AAP ने 14 जिला इंचार्ज बदले, अमानतुल्ला खान का कद बढ़ा, विश्वास के करीबियों का 'डिमोशन' यूपी: भाजपाइयों में सरकारी पद पाने की होड़, रेज्यूमे चमकाने के लिए साध रहे आरएसएस से संपर्क Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact StoneCastle Financial Corp (BANX) Stock Price Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.23 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact GasLog (GLOG) Stock Price Regis (RGS) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.11 Entegris (ENTG) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Graco (GGG) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Terex Co. (TEX) Insider Acquires $12,513.28 in Stock California Resources Corp (CRC) Bonds Trading 2.8% Higher Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday Alterra Power Corp (AXY) to Release Earnings on Monday American Midstream Partners LP (AMID) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Restaurant Brands International Inc (QSR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share -$0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Connecture Inc (CNXR) This Quarter Hortonworks’ (HDP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton Global Payments’ (GPN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Noodles & Co (NDLS) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.23 May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG) has trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment. Alpha One, a unit of Accern, rates the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Lloyds Banking Group PLC earned a news impact score of 0.23 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news coverage about the financial services provider an impact score of 88 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the news articles that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Lloyds Banking Group plc- (LYG) Financial Higher Risky Stocks Are More Profitable: ING Groep N.V.’s (ING) – Wallstreet Investorplace (wallstreetinvestorplace.com) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s FY2018 Earnings (LYG) (footballhebdo.com) Stocks Under Consideration: Lloyds Banking Group PLC (ADR) (NYSE:LYG), Discovery Communications Inc … – Wall Street Times (press release) (wallstreetnews24.com) ETFs with exposure to Lloyds Banking Group Plc : May 3, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Lloyds Banking Group plc’s (LYG) noted a price change of -0.27% and Corning Incorporated’s (GLW) closes with a … – Stocks Gallery (stocksgallery.com) LYG has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $3.50. Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (NYSE:LYG) remained flat at $3.73 on Friday. 9,322,577 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market capitalization of $65.84 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.08 and a beta of 1.17. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a 12 month low of $2.47 and a 12 month high of $4.42. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $3.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $3.23. The company also recently announced a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 7th will be paid a $0.0837 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 5th. This is a boost from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.05. Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s dividend payout ratio is currently 130.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/lloyds-banking-group-plc-lyg-receives-media-impact-score-of-0-23.html. About Lloyds Banking Group PLC Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Insurance dampens Berkshire results before annual meeting Business Standard U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  May 6, 2017 Last Updated at 05:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVetYr ALSO READ Rising inflation, tightening job market support more rate hikes U.S. jobless rate falls to nine-year low, payrolls rise U.S. jobless rate falls to 9-year low, payrolls rise U.S. payrolls rise solidly; jobless rate falls to 9-year low U.S. job growth slows, but wages rebound strongly By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 <.SPX> ending at a record high close. The dollar <.DXY> fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Economy | Interest Rate | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 <.SPX> ending at a record high close. The dollar <.DXY> fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labour market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualised economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labour market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 <.SPX> ending at a record high close. The dollar <.DXY> fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labour market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labour market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labour market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labour market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labour force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Modern Medicine Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer Remix: Newell Brands is up against a big problem Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus Friday, 5 May 2017 | 7:00 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cramer Remix: Newell Brands is up against a big problem    Friday, 5 May 2017 | 7:20 PM ET | 01:09 With the market seeing a split between people who feel that the economy is sluggish due to weakness in commodities and retail and those who take the jobs number as a sign of things picking up, Jim Cramer looked into a retail play in his game plan that's facing a problem: Newell Brands. "My charitable trust, which you can follow if you belong to [the] actionalertsplus.com club, has been trimming back a little Newell for a simple reason: the best places to buy Newell's goods have seen reduced traffic," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer explained that no matter how good the consumer goods giant's products are, if they sell to Target, for instance, they are still victim to the brick-and-mortar slowdown happening in the traditional retail space. That said, Cramer is looking forward to the company's earnings call and hopes to hear positive rhetoric about its international business and its recent merger with Jarden. "It could be a reset quarter for Newell, but then again, if there's enough innovation, it might transcend the declining sales venues. Is it too early to find out if Jarden's really helping, with its pastiche of brands for everything from outdoors to home appliances to class rings, or did Newell pay too much given declining store traffic? We'll certainly know soon enough," Cramer said. Entertainment giant Disney reports after Tuesday's closing bell, and despite Wall Street's recent bearishness on the viability of its ESPN business, Cramer is not changing his bullish outlook on the stock. "Disney's a buy given its fabulous movie schedule and robust theme parks. I think [CEO Bob] Iger's conscious of ESPN's positioning and will be able to spin it in a positive and believable way," Cramer said. Cramer believes Snap's stock has been ticking up on solid ad numbers, and is curious about what Wednesday's earnings report, Snap's first as a public company, will bring. "Snap's setting itself up as a trade into the numbers if it stays right here or goes a little bit lower, but that could be a hard task because it seems to be climbing. The competitive business at Instagram is smoking. Let's see if there's room for both," Cramer said. Cramer is embracing the view of JPMorgan retail analyst Matthew Boss that retail hit a trough in February, which makes the "Mad Money" host more optimistic for the Thursday earnings reports from retailers Macy's and Kohl's. The "Mad Money" host bets that JC Penney's earnings report could show some improvement, but worries Thursday's reports from Macy's and Kohl's could steal the spotlight — and some upside. Carlos Barria | Reuters President Donald Trump (C) listens to House Speaker Paul Ryan (L) as he gathers with Congressional Republicans in the Rose Garden of the White House after the House of Representatives approved the American Healthcare Act, to repeal major parts of Obamacare and replace it with the Republican healthcare plan, in Washington, U.S., May 4, 2017. After U.S. Steel reported an awful quarter last week and its stock dropped from $31 to $22, Cramer decided to vet the steel producers cohort to see whether the weakness was widespread. "Not all steelmakers are created equal. Some are a lot more equal than others," he said. "When you look at the major American steel players — and there, you've got to think AK Steel, Nucor, Steel Dynamics, and the troubled U.S. Steel — what you see is a wide range of companies with very different characteristics." Having heard quarterly reports from all of these major players, it became clear to Cramer that steel, a commodity, was not at the center of U.S. Steel's underperformance. "In other words, Nucor and Steel Dynamics seem to be in pretty good shape. They're both up slightly for 2017, while U.S. Steel and AK Steel have been put through the meat grinder, down 35 and 43 percent, respectively," Cramer said. In light of Cinco de Mayo, Cramer went off the tape and interviewed Avion Tequila President Jenna Fangan for her take on business. Fangan touted her company's new initiatives to draw millennials to their products such as introducing new flavored drinks at better price points. But the president also shared the most unique thing about her business, which may sound downright unnatural to the average businessperson. "I think one of the things that we're really proud of, and it sounds so strange from a business perspective, is we're inefficient. We're the most inefficient tequila producer," Fangan told Cramer on Friday. "It's how you make art and it's how you make great tequila. So it's this hand-crafted small batch, and that's what people love because they get this incredible flavor, but at the same time, the accountants hate it," Fangan said. Lacy O’ Toole | CNBC (left); Scott Mlyn | CNBC Warren Buffett selling a third of his stake in IBM had Wall Streeters reeling over whether to buy or sell their shares of the tech giant, and Jim Cramer had one thing to say to those investors. "Let me ask you a question first. Did you buy IBM because the Oracle of Omaha owned it? If so, sure, leave the building and don't let the door hit you on the way out because you should be ashamed," the "Mad Money" host said. "If you bought it because of him, you never knew what you owned anyway so you might as well be a lemming and blow the darned thing out." While Cramer understood Buffett's disappointment, he argued that Buffett stepping back will give the company more freedom to explore takeover options and forge a path to new investments coming in. "The current course isn't working when it comes to the stock or the flag planted in cognitive and analytics," Cramer said, and suggested an unusual buy for the technology player. In Cramer's lightning round, he sped through his take on some caller favorite stocks, including: Arconic, Inc: "Look, the current team kicked out [former CEO] Klaus Kleinfeld. The team that's with Elliott [Management] has got a real shake-em-up attitude. I'm going with Elliott's guys, right there. My charitable trust is going with them." Team: "I know it, and I'm going to not bless it. Not right here, right now, with oil teetering. We've got to wait, because there's so many high quality oil companies that are teetering with it. We don't need to go down the food chain." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change NWL --- SNAP --- AKS --- DIS --- ARNC --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franks International NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franks International NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Franks International NV Expected to Earn FY2020 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share (FI) FY2020 Earnings Forecast for Ferro Co. Issued By Gabelli (FOE) Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) FY2020 EPS Estimates for Armstrong Flooring Inc (AFI) Increased by Gabelli GWG Holdings (GWGH) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Golden Star Resources (GSS) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.38 Live Ventures (LIVE) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds LendingClub Corp (LC) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Lumentum Holdings (LITE) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (HNW) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.37 Green Bancorp (GNBC) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Stake Reduced by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $10,822,000 Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 918 Shares of KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Insider Charles A. Pearce Sells 4,000 Shares Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Acquires 3,330 Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 37,146 Shares of Air Methods Corp (AIRM) Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) VP Sells $636,542.15 in Stock Insider Selling: World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Director Sells 13,000 Shares of Stock BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Position Increased by First Trust Advisors LP Franks International NV Expected to Earn FY2020 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share (FI) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Franks International NV (NYSE:FI) – Equities research analysts at Jefferies Group decreased their FY2020 EPS estimates for Franks International NV in a research report issued on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst B. Handler now expects that the pipeline company will earn $0.40 per share for the year, down from their prior estimate of $0.50. Jefferies Group currently has a “Hold” rating and a $10.50 target price on the stock. Franks International NV (NYSE:FI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The pipeline company reported ($0.12) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.12). The business had revenue of $110.73 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $107.79 million. Franks International NV had a negative return on equity of 1.79% and a negative net margin of 10.60%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 27.9% compared to the same quarter last year. WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/franks-international-nv-expected-to-earn-fy2020-earnings-of-0-40-per-share-fi.html. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on FI. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Franks International NV from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $14.00 price objective on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Scotiabank set a $14.00 price objective on Franks International NV and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Guggenheim downgraded Franks International NV from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Tudor Pickering started coverage on Franks International NV in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. They set a “hold” rating on the stock. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $12.77. Shares of Franks International NV (NYSE:FI) traded up 1.75% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $8.70. The stock had a trading volume of 1,444,311 shares. The stock’s market cap is $1.94 billion. Franks International NV has a one year low of $8.36 and a one year high of $16.82. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $9.74 and a 200-day moving average of $11.48. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of FI. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Franks International NV by 15.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 667,691 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $8,679,000 after buying an additional 89,926 shares in the last quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC increased its stake in Franks International NV by 11.9% in the third quarter. Gotham Asset Management LLC now owns 655,625 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $8,523,000 after buying an additional 69,861 shares in the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Franks International NV during the fourth quarter worth $5,008,000. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its stake in shares of Franks International NV by 3.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 479,530 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $5,903,000 after buying an additional 14,721 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FMR LLC boosted its stake in shares of Franks International NV by 18.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 6,134,782 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $75,519,000 after buying an additional 938,144 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 20.98% of the company’s stock. In other Franks International NV news, major shareholder Gregory Stanton Mosing bought 10,000 shares of Franks International NV stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 23rd. The shares were bought at an average price of $9.67 per share, for a total transaction of $96,700.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 50,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $483,500. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Keith Mosing Family Par Donald sold 248,000 shares of Franks International NV stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.16, for a total value of $3,015,680.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 10,252,720 shares in the company, valued at approximately $124,673,075.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders acquired 50,000 shares of company stock worth $494,100 in the last 90 days. Company insiders own 77.40% of the company’s stock. About Franks International NV Frank’s International N.V. (FINV) is a provider of engineered tubular services, tubular fabrication and specialty well construction and well intervention solutions to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates through four business segments: International Services, U. S. Services, Tubular Sales and Blackhawk. Receive News & Ratings for Franks International NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franks International NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 percent Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 percent Advertisement Business US job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 percent U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. 06 May 2017 08:00AM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail WASHINGTON: U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. Advertisement Advertisement The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people whowant to work but have given up searching and those workingpart-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc , Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Paul Simao and Leslie Adler) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Business News WRAPUP 5-U.S. job growth rebounds sharply, unemployment rate falls to 4.4 pct Shares1 Sat, 6 May 2017-05:32am , Reuters U.S. job growth rebounded sharply in April and the unemployment rate dropped to 4.4 percent, near a 10-year low, pointing to a tightening labor market that likely seals the case for an interest rate increase next month despite moderate wage growth. Nonfarm payrolls surged by 211,000 jobs last month after a paltry gain of 79,000 in March, the Labor Department said on Friday. April's job growth, which was broad-based, surpassed this year's monthly average of 185,000. There were hefty increases in leisure and hospitality, healthcare and social assistance as well as business and professional services payrolls. The drop of one-tenth of a percentage point in the jobless rate took it to its lowest level since May 2007 and well below the most recent Federal Reserve median forecast for full employment. "These developments should keep the Fed firmly on track to hike rates again in June and should motivate a hawkish shift in the interest rate forecasts they will release at that meeting," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. The hiring rebound supports the U.S. central bank's contention that the pedestrian 0.7 percent annualized economic growth pace in the first quarter was likely "transitory," and its optimism that economic activity would expand at a "moderate" pace. The Fed on Wednesday kept its benchmark overnight interest rate unchanged and said it expected labor market conditions would "strengthen somewhat further." It raised rates by a quarter of a percentage point in March and has forecast two more increases this year. Financial markets are pricing in a roughly 83 percent probability of a 25-basis-point rate increase at the Fed's June 13-14 policy meeting, according to CME Group's FedWatch program. Prices of benchmark U.S. Treasuries rose modestly on Friday, while U.S. stocks closed higher, with the S&P 500 ending at a record high close. The dollar fell marginally against a basket of currencies as investors turned their attention to the second round of France's presidential election on Sunday. WAGE GROWTH LAGS The U.S. economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. Republican President Donald Trump, who inherited a strong job market from the Obama administration, has vowed to sharply boost economic growth and further strengthen the labor market by slashing taxes and cutting regulation. Trump later hailed the numbers in a tweet: "Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!" In April, average hourly earnings rose 7 cents, or 0.3 percent. However, downward revisions to previous months lowered the year-on-year increase to 2.5 percent, the smallest gain since August 2016, from 2.6 percent in March. But there are signs wage growth is accelerating as labor market slack diminishes. A government report last week showed private-sector wages recorded their biggest gain in 10 years in the first quarter. With the labor market expected to hit a level consistent with full employment this year, payroll gains could slow amid growing anecdotal evidence that firms are struggling to find qualified workers. That could also boost wages. "While there is still some labor market slack, it is diminishing rapidly. This is likely to put upward pressure on wages," said David Berson, chief economist at Nationwide Insurance in Columbus, Ohio. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, dropped three-tenths of a percentage point to 8.6 percent, the lowest level since November 2007. The employment-to-population ratio rose one-tenth of percentage point to an eight-year high of 60.2 percent. This measure has risen for four straight months. The labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell to 62.9 percent from an 11-month high of 63 percent in March. It has rebounded from a multi-decade low of 62.4 percent in September 2015, and economists see limited room for further improvement as the pool of discouraged workers shrinks. Construction payrolls rose by 5,000 last month and manufacturing payrolls increased by 6,000. Leisure and hospitality payrolls jumped by 55,000 in April. Professional and business services payrolls rose by 39,000. Healthcare and social assistance employment increased by 36,800. Retail payrolls gained 6,300 after two straight months of declines. Retailers including J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch have announced thousands of layoffs as they shift toward online sales and scale back on brick-and-mortar operations. Government payrolls jumped by 17,000 last month as an increase in hiring by local governments offset a decline in federal government employment. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Major restructuring in the PSU banking space, 7 new heads appointed Money Cognizant Q1 revenue up by 26% Money Johnson & Johnson asked to pay compensation worth US $110.5 million Money 2,000 houses in Maharashtra generate own solar power and sell extra to state-grid Money RBI empowered to tackle bad loans: Jaitley Money RBI given more powers to tackle NPAs, says Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Live Cricket Score England vs Ireland Sun, 7 May 2017, 03:30 PM IST Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Kolkata Knight Riders Sun, 7 May 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related Asian stocks fall for 3rd day as cracks in commodities widen DNA Money Edit: End of Indian IT engineer’s US dream? US hails Infosys 10,000 jobs announcement as a victory for Trump's H-1B visa policy Video Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi View all Tags Donald Trump Abercrombie & Fitch CME Group France New York Ohio Federal Reserve U. S. Treasuries CME Group FedWatch Columbus J. C. Penney Co Inc Labor Department Macy Inc Nationwide Insurance Obama S&P SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News SC seeks Centre's response on plea for VVPAT for Gujarat polls AAP crisis: 'Saw Satyendra Jain giving Rs 2 crore to CM Arvind Kejriwal', alleges sacked AAP Minister Kapil Mishra Show rules on tackling stray dogs & monkeys:HC to authorities SC seeks material for probe in renewal of flying licenses Stalled work of Eastern Peripheral Expressway resumed:UP to SC Sport Wood feared his England career was over post ankle injury Rodriguez, Morata net braces as Madrid crush Granada in La Liga Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, May 7 Istanbul Open: Milos Raonic and Marin Cilic to slug out in heavyweight final Soccer-Amateurs Auckland City qualify for Club World Cup Entertainment I will definitely never be stereotyped: Priyanka Chopra's on a roll and how! Diane Keaton to be honored with AFI lifetime achievement award 'Baahubali 2' becomes highest earning Indian movie of all time Probe against Stephen Fry for calling God 'utter maniac' Sonam Kapoor urges fans 'not to get personal towards celebs' Money Intex eyes up to 40% growth in accessories biz this fiscal FPIs dump shares worth Rs 1,700-cr in just 4 trading sessions ASSOCHAM for creation of Stressed Asset Funds for NPA resolution Give primacy to views of developing nations: Jaitley to ADB Sebi to auction MPS Greenery Developers' 14 properties Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Garmin Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $1.24 Earnings Per Share Expected for CME Group Inc (CME) This Quarter Rice Midstream Partners LP (RMP) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.34 Per Share Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Given New $50.00 Price Target at Bank of America Corp Brokers Set Expectations for WPX Energy Inc’s FY2019 Earnings (WPX) Facebook Inc (FB) Given Buy Rating at Needham & Company LLC Facebook’s (FB) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at William Blair Paulson & Co. Inc. Sells 10,250,000 Shares of Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) Stock Hugh W. Jones Sells 102,998 Shares of Sabre Corp (SABR) Stock Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Director Sells $172,250,000.00 in Stock IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Price Target Lowered to $73.00 at Stifel Nicolaus Points International Ltd (PCOM) Price Target Raised to $15.00 at Royal Bank of Canada J D Wetherspoon plc’s (JDW) Reduce Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Open Text Corp (OTEX) Receives Outperform Rating from Scotiabank Trinity Mirror plc (TNI) Receives “Buy” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd OraSure Technologies, Inc. (OSUR) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Tesla Inc (TSLA) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 2,400 Shares of Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Reduces Stake in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $18.556 Million Position in Unum Group (UNM) Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Given New $50.00 Price Target at Bank of America Corp May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Garmin Ltd. (NASDAQ:GRMN) had its target price upped by Bank of America Corp from $47.00 to $50.00 in a report released on Thursday morning. Bank of America Corp currently has an underperform rating on the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock. Several other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Garmin from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued a market perform rating on shares of Garmin in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Tigress Financial started coverage on shares of Garmin in a report on Tuesday. They set a buy rating for the company. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised shares of Garmin from a sell rating to a neutral rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $48.00 to $52.00 in a report on Monday, March 6th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of Garmin from a neutral rating to an underweight rating and decreased their price objective for the company from $55.00 to $50.00 in a report on Thursday. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $49.38. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) traded up 2.08% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $52.49. 1,574,300 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $9.90 billion, a PE ratio of 19.44 and a beta of 0.86. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $50.71 and its 200 day moving average is $50.24. Garmin has a 52-week low of $39.24 and a 52-week high of $56.19. Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The scientific and technical instruments company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.45 by $0.07. Garmin had a net margin of 17.24% and a return on equity of 16.15%. The firm had revenue of $638.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $629.11 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 2.3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Garmin will post $2.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/garmin-ltd-grmn-given-new-50-00-price-target-at-bank-of-america-corp.html. In other news, VP Andrew R. Etkind sold 6,524 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.57, for a total value of $356,014.68. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 18.30% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Acrospire Investment Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the third quarter worth about $115,000. James Investment Research Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the first quarter worth about $144,000. Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the third quarter worth about $143,000. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. boosted its stake in shares of Garmin by 11.4% in the first quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 3,162 shares of the scientific and technical instruments company’s stock worth $151,000 after buying an additional 323 shares during the period. Finally, Cigna Investments Inc. New purchased a new stake in shares of Garmin during the fourth quarter worth about $201,000. 37.39% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Garmin Company Profile Garmin Ltd. (Garmin) and subsidiaries offer global positioning system (GPS) navigation and wireless devices and applications. The Company operates through five segments. It offers a range of auto navigation products, as well as a range of products and applications designed for the mobile GPS market. It offers products to consumers around the world, including Outdoor Handhelds, Wearable Devices, Golf Devices, and Dog Tracking and Training/Pet Obedience Devices. Receive News & Ratings for Garmin Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Garmin Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Apptio Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apptio Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Stock Price Up 7.3% on Earnings Beat Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 Analysts Set Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Price Target at $37.92 Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Trading 7.7% Higher Following Strong Earnings Apptio Inc (APTI) Trading Up 6.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Fidus Investment Corp (FDUS) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.39 Instructure Inc (INST) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Olympic Steel, Inc. (ZEUS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Radius Health (RDUS) Earns News Impact Score of 0.41 Genetic Technologies Limited (GENE) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.42 American Woodmark Co. (AMWD) Shares Bought by Capital One National Association Calavo Growers, Inc. (CVGW) Shares Sold by Capital One National Association Capital One National Association Increases Position in James River Group Holdings Ltd (JRVR) Provident Financial Services, Inc. (PFS) Stake Raised by Capital One National Association Chase Investment Counsel Corp Holds Position in Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) 361 Capital LLC Has $6.952 Million Stake in Ingredion Inc (INGR) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Takes Position in Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) 361 Capital LLC Acquires New Position in FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Lowers Position in United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Chase Investment Counsel Corp Acquires 2,553 Shares of Lear Co. (LEA) Apptio Inc (APTI) Trading Up 6.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Apptio Inc (NASDAQ:APTI) shares rose 6.5% during mid-day trading on Friday following a stronger than expected earnings report. The company traded as high as $13.90 and last traded at $13.86, with a volume of 689,281 shares traded. The stock had previously closed at $13.01. The technology company reported ($0.08) EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.12) by $0.04. The firm earned $43.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $42.46 million. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 19.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business earned ($0.31) earnings per share. APTI has been the topic of several analyst reports. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $29.00 target price on shares of Apptio in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $19.00 target price on shares of Apptio in a report on Friday, February 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Apptio from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $16.00 to $18.00 in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “equal weight” rating and set a $22.00 target price (down from $24.00) on shares of Apptio in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Apptio currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $23.00. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 10.8% in the first quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 63,283 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $742,000 after buying an additional 6,144 shares during the period. Pax World Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 38.0% in the first quarter. Pax World Management LLC now owns 658,270 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $7,722,000 after buying an additional 181,098 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 109.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 27,302 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $320,000 after buying an additional 14,261 shares during the period. Whetstone Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Apptio during the first quarter worth $6,506,000. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in shares of Apptio by 322.6% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 11,004 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 8,400 shares during the period. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $12.11 and its 200 day moving average price is $15.79. The firm’s market capitalization is $532.00 million. WARNING: “Apptio Inc (APTI) Trading Up 6.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/apptio-inc-apti-trading-up-6-5-following-better-than-expected-earnings.html. About Apptio Apptio, Inc is a provider of technology business management (TBM) solutions. The Company’s cloud-based platform and software as a service (SaaS) applications enable information technology (IT) leaders to analyze, optimize and plan technology investments, and benchmark the financial and operational performance against peers. Receive News & Ratings for Apptio Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Apptio Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 42° Full Menu 42° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Construction continues Tuesday at the Metropolitan on the corner of Atherton Street and College Avenue in State College. The mixed-use building is set to welcome its first tenants in August. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Business May 06, 2017 11:36 PM The Metropolitan announces move-in date for future tenants By Roger Van Scyoc rvanscyoc@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Metropolitan, one of five proposed or under-construction high-rises in downtown State College, is set to welcome about 500 students on Aug. 18. Jose Garcia, the assistant sales and marketing manager, confirmed the move-in date, adding that almost all of its 136 apartments have been leased. About three are left in the 12-story, mixed-use building, he said on Monday. “As of now we are on-time and on-schedule,” Garcia said. Construction is ongoing. But, based on the given timeline, students will be able to move before Penn State’s fall semester begins on Aug. 21. The Metropolitan boasts about 32,000 square feet of retail and commercial space on the first two floors, with apartments taking up the remaining levels. Landmark Properties, based in Athens, Ga., and local company PennTrust Properties are the developers on the project. Garcia said while there’s been interest in the retail and commercial space, nothing has been solidified contractually. For now, the focus has been on getting the interior ready for move-in day. “Since the beginning, that’s been our move-in date and that has not changed at all,” he said. Teams are moving in furniture during the next two weeks, Garcia said. On the exterior of the building, custom glass still needs to be implemented at the corner of West College Avenue and North Atherton Street. From street view, wood currently dominates that corner of the building. Garcia added there are 151 underground parking spaces associated with the property. “I think once we move everybody in, I think everyone is really going to enjoy the property,” he said. M&T Bank branch in Pleasant Gap to close Reflecting a national trend, the M&T Bank branch in Pleasant Gap, 161 W. College Ave., is scheduled to close at 2 p.m. on June 2. Philip Hosmer, M&T Bank’s vice president for corporate communications, said the branch will be consolidated with the bank’s Bellefonte location at 915 E. Bishop St. All customer accounts, meanwhile, will be transferred to the Bellefonte branch. The Pleasant Gap location’s employees will also transfer over and work at the Bellefonte branch. “When we look at our branches, we evaluate locations where we may need to build a branch or where we may need to expand or renovate a branch, and also where a branch is no longer positioned to effectively serve our customers,” Hosmer said. “In those situations we look to consolidate offices as we’re doing here.” The move follows a number of branch closings across the country. In January, Wells Fargo announced plans to close more than 400 branches by the end of 2018. Business Insider reported that Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan closed 389 branches from the third quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2016. In 2015, more than 1,600 brick-and-mortar locations were shut down, according to analysis firm SNL Financial. Banks view younger consumers as doing more of their banking online. Like with other banks, M&T customers can deposit or transfer funds electronically through the bank’s mobile apps or website, and can also manage accounts over the phone. Hosmer added that customers at the Pleasant Gap branch can bank at any of M&T’s other locations, but their primary location will be the Bellefonte branch, which is open from 9 a.m. to noon on Saturdays. The Pleasant Gap branch is not open on Saturdays. Hosmer said the bank has no plans at this time to expand or contract further in the county. The Pleasant Gap branch will be marketed for sale after it closes. “As always, M&T remains committed to this community and will continue to serve our customers through all of our channels,” he said. The move will leave M&T Bank with four Centre County locations. Besides the Bellefonte branch, the bank has a location in Philipsburg and two in State College. Nittany Mall candy store closes C&R Candies and More closed April 29 after a 13-month run in the Nittany Mall. Owner Cathy Williamson said she may bring back the sweets shop for the holiday season, but has no plans to reopen at the moment. She said there wasn’t enough traffic to keep the store afloat. “We’d like to thank everybody who did come in,” Williamson said. “We enjoyed meeting a lot of people.” Williamson and her husband, Randy, also own Auntie Anne’s in the mall. Tait Farm Foods to hold anniversary celebration Tait Farm Foods is raising a glass to 30 years making its Original Fruit Shrub. The farm’s 15 flavors of the beverage mixer, a concoction of fruit, sugar and vinegar, will be sampled from 2 to 4 p.m. on June 17 at Tait Farm, 179 Tait Road, Centre Hall. Tait Farm Foods produces more than 60 products, according to a company release. But its shrub is one of its most famous. When mixed in everything from cocktails to dressings, it punches up the brew. Customers in major markets such as Philadelphia still use the farm’s original Raspberry Shrub in its cocktails. Construction continues Tuesday at the Metropolitan on the corner of Atherton Street and College Avenue in State College. The mixed-use building is set to welcome its first tenants in August. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Construction continues Tuesday at the Metropolitan on the corner of Atherton Street and College Avenue in State College. The mixed-use building is set to welcome its first tenants in August. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Penn State President Eric Barron finds details heart-wrenching and incomprehensible 3:57 a day ago Penn State President Eric Barron finds details heart-wrenching and incomprehensible 3:47 2 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 3:30 4 days ago Strong winds sweep State College View More Video Business ADB hoping US will keep support for regional lender, growth Schumer blasts proposal to cut drug-policy office's budget S. Koreans want new leader to create jobs minus corruption GOP tries convincing Snyder to end pensions for new teachers Paragould farm supplies hay, straw for Kentucky Derby Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Church & Dwight Co. Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Purchases Shares of 26,828 American Outdoor Brands Corp (AOBC) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Sells 3,441 Shares of Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) $0.28 EPS Expected for Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) This Quarter Geneva Advisors LLC Acquires New Position in Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stake Raised by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Progressive Corp (PGR) Stake Lowered by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Expected to Post Earnings of $1.15 Per Share Geneva Advisors LLC Has $54.261 Million Position in Blackstone Group LP (BX) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Sells 2,245 Shares of LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Geneva Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Omega Healthcare Investors Inc (OHI) Geneva Advisors LLC Acquires New Position in Care Capital Properties Inc (CCP) Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Stake Decreased by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC Convergys Corp (CVG) Position Increased by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC 48,271 Shares in Sucampo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (SCMP) Acquired by Bowling Portfolio Management LLC LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Shares Bought by Geneva Advisors LLC Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Sells 257 Shares of Intuit Inc. (INTU) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Lowers Stake in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Geneva Advisors LLC Raises Position in Smith & Nephew plc (SNN) DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.76 Per Share Geneva Advisors LLC Decreases Position in Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Lowers Stake in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Great West Life Assurance Co. Can lowered its stake in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) by 0.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 368,093 shares of the company’s stock after selling 2,091 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can owned approximately 0.14% of Church & Dwight Co. worth $18,331,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Commonwealth Bank of Australia boosted its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 100.0% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 2,164 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 1,082 shares in the last quarter. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. during the fourth quarter valued at $115,000. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI boosted its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 100.0% in the third quarter. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI now owns 2,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $129,000 after buying an additional 1,350 shares in the last quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 81.7% in the third quarter. Mizuho Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 2,772 shares of the company’s stock valued at $133,000 after buying an additional 1,246 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Johnson Financial Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Church & Dwight Co. by 10.2% in the fourth quarter. Johnson Financial Group Inc. now owns 3,228 shares of the company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. 78.56% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD) traded down 0.14% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $50.78. The stock had a trading volume of 1,799,683 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $50.02 and its 200-day moving average is $47.20. The firm has a market capitalization of $12.93 billion, a PE ratio of 29.02 and a beta of 0.43. Church & Dwight Co., Inc. has a 1-year low of $42.56 and a 1-year high of $53.68. Church & Dwight Co. (NYSE:CHD) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.52 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $877.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $869.06 million. Church & Dwight Co. had a return on equity of 23.11% and a net margin of 13.14%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.43 earnings per share. Equities analysts expect that Church & Dwight Co., Inc. will post $1.90 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 16th will be paid a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.50%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 12th. Church & Dwight Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 40.69%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Lowers Stake in Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/great-west-life-assurance-co-can-lowers-stake-in-church-dwight-co-inc-chd.html. Several brokerages have weighed in on CHD. Vetr cut Church & Dwight Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $46.83 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $54.00 price objective on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a report on Wednesday, April 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on Church & Dwight Co. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set a “neutral” rating and a $53.00 price objective for the company. Barclays PLC reissued a “sell” rating and set a $38.00 price objective on shares of Church & Dwight Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Church & Dwight Co. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $49.57. In related news, EVP Steven P. Cugine sold 17,400 shares of Church & Dwight Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $49.83, for a total value of $867,042.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 46,348 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,309,520.84. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, VP Paul A. Siracusa sold 25,000 shares of Church & Dwight Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $50.02, for a total value of $1,250,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 26,279 shares in the company, valued at $1,314,475.58. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 62,400 shares of company stock worth $3,110,542. 2.17% of the stock is owned by insiders. Church & Dwight Co. Company Profile Church & Dwight Co, Inc develops, manufactures and markets a range of household, personal care and specialty products. The Company’s segments include Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division (SPD). The Company also sells specialty products to industrial customers and distributors. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CHD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (NYSE:CHD). Receive News & Ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Church & Dwight Co. Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Stanley Black & Decker Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stanley Black & Decker Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Discover Financial Services (DFS) Position Maintained by Atwood & Palmer Inc. Jennison Associates LLC Reduces Stake in Otonomy Inc (OTIC) Jennison Associates LLC Sells 72,172 Shares of TechnipFMC plc Ordinary Share (FTI) Ariel Capital Advisors LLC Takes Position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) Jennison Associates LLC Has $357.293 Million Stake in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Shares Bought by Jennison Associates LLC Jennison Associates LLC Boosts Position in Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Jennison Associates LLC Raises Position in PNM Resources Inc (PNM) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Continues to Hold Stake in McCormick & Company, Incorporated (MKC) Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Stake Decreased by Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Sells 700 Shares of Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. Raises Position in Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Jennison Associates LLC Has $48.517 Million Position in ClubCorp Holdings Inc (MYCC) Jennison Associates LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Likely to Impact Mattel (MAT) Share Price Finjan Holdings (FNJN) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of -0.06 Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory (RMCF) Earning Somewhat Negative Press Coverage, Report Shows Habit Restaurants Inc to Post Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.09 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (HABT) Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for 1-800-Flowers.Com Inc Decreased by Northcoast Research (FLWS) Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on L Brands Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (LB) Ariel Capital Advisors LLC Takes Position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (SWK) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ariel Capital Advisors LLC bought a new position in Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm bought 1,600 shares of the industrial products company’s stock, valued at approximately $213,000. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in SWK. Connor Clark & Lunn Investment Management Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Stanley Black & Decker during the third quarter worth about $2,300,000. Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Stanley Black & Decker during the fourth quarter worth about $190,743,000. Commonwealth Bank of Australia boosted its position in shares of Stanley Black & Decker by 0.7% in the third quarter. Commonwealth Bank of Australia now owns 14,882 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,830,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in shares of Stanley Black & Decker by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 436,012 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $50,005,000 after buying an additional 6,206 shares during the last quarter. Finally, HighTower Advisors LLC boosted its position in shares of Stanley Black & Decker by 3.4% in the third quarter. HighTower Advisors LLC now owns 60,557 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $7,454,000 after buying an additional 2,017 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 85.51% of the company’s stock. Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK) traded up 0.31% during trading on Friday, hitting $138.61. 906,045 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $133.35 and its 200-day moving average price is $124.39. Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. has a 12-month low of $103.86 and a 12-month high of $140.06. The firm has a market cap of $21.20 billion, a PE ratio of 17.70 and a beta of 1.15. Stanley Black & Decker (NYSE:SWK) last announced its earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The industrial products company reported $1.29 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.19 by $0.10. Stanley Black & Decker had a net margin of 8.46% and a return on equity of 16.16%. The company earned $2.81 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.76 billion. During the same period last year, the company posted $1.28 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 5.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. will post $7.21 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 20th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, June 7th will be issued a $0.58 dividend. This represents a $2.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.67%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, June 5th. Stanley Black & Decker’s payout ratio is 35.64%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/ariel-capital-advisors-llc-takes-position-in-stanley-black-decker-inc-swk.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on SWK shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Stanley Black & Decker from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Barclays PLC lifted their target price on shares of Stanley Black & Decker from $140.00 to $144.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Imperial Capital restated an “in-line” rating and set a $125.00 target price on shares of Stanley Black & Decker in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Nomura started coverage on shares of Stanley Black & Decker in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. They set a “buy” rating and a $145.00 target price for the company. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Stanley Black & Decker from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $140.00 to $152.00 in a research report on Monday, April 24th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $141.50. In other news, insider James J. Cannon sold 7,473 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $106.70, for a total value of $797,369.10. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 31,875 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,401,062.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP Ben S. Sihota sold 2,561 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $127.57, for a total transaction of $326,706.77. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 19,473 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,484,170.61. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 117,135 shares of company stock valued at $14,925,013. Corporate insiders own 1.80% of the company’s stock. About Stanley Black & Decker Stanley Black & Decker, Inc is a global provider of hand tools, power tools and related accessories, mechanical access solutions, such as automatic doors and commercial locking systems, electronic security and monitoring systems, healthcare solutions, engineered fastening systems, and products and services for various industrial applications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SWK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. (NYSE:SWK). Receive News & Ratings for Stanley Black & Decker Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Stanley Black & Decker Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nucor Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Linscomb & Williams Inc. Acquires 439 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE) Arrow Financial Corp Maintains Stake in Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) Arrow Financial Corp Reduces Stake in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) New Mountain Finance Corp. (NMFC) Shares Bought by Wells Fargo & Company MN WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Position Held by Bank of Stockton BB&T Corp Sells 2,593 Shares of East West Bancorp, Inc. (EWBC) BB&T Corp Cuts Position in United Therapeutics Co. (UTHR) BB&T Corp Acquires New Stake in Oshkosh Corp (OSK) Schulhoff & Co. Inc. Has $832,000 Position in J M Smucker Co (SJM) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Southern Co’s Q1 2018 Earnings (SO) Analysts Set Expectations for DexCom, Inc.’s Q4 2017 Earnings (DXCM) Q1 2018 EPS Estimates for Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Inc. (SKT) Raised by Analyst -$0.98 Earnings Per Share Expected for Heron Therapeutics Inc (HRTX) This Quarter Honeycomb Investment Trust PLC (HONY) to Issue Dividend of GBX 24.50 on June 16th Stone Harbor Emerging Mkt Total Incom FD (EDI) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.15 on May 25th Eagle Rock Energy Partners, L.P. (EROC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Crown Crafts (CRWS) Earning Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Buys 200 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Raises Position in Steel Dynamics, Inc. (STLD) Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Stake Boosted by Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund Linscomb & Williams Inc. Acquires 439 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Linscomb & Williams Inc. raised its stake in Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) by 2.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 18,702 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 439 shares during the period. Linscomb & Williams Inc.’s holdings in Nucor were worth $1,117,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the company. APG Asset Management N.V. increased its stake in Nucor by 50.9% in the third quarter. APG Asset Management N.V. now owns 689,260 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $34,084,000 after buying an additional 232,500 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in Nucor during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $7,411,000. Quantitative Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Nucor by 172.1% in the third quarter. Quantitative Investment Management LLC now owns 129,500 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $6,403,000 after buying an additional 81,900 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in Nucor by 905.2% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,715,677 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $161,637,000 after buying an additional 2,445,520 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in Nucor by 8.0% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,882,130 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $191,972,000 after buying an additional 286,265 shares in the last quarter. 76.41% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE) traded down 1.01% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $60.47. 2,207,286 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Nucor Co. has a 52-week low of $44.81 and a 52-week high of $68.00. The stock has a market cap of $19.36 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.20 and a beta of 1.45. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $60.42 and its 200-day moving average is $59.63. Nucor (NYSE:NUE) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 20th. The basic materials company reported $1.11 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.14 by $0.03. Nucor had a return on equity of 9.32% and a net margin of 4.53%. The company had revenue of $4.82 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.67 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.27 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 29.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Nucor Co. will post $4.39 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 11th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a $0.3775 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. This represents a $1.51 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.50%. Nucor’s payout ratio is presently 65.94%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Linscomb & Williams Inc. Acquires 439 Shares of Nucor Co. (NUE)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/linscomb-williams-inc-acquires-439-shares-of-nucor-co-nue.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Berenberg Bank reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price objective on shares of Nucor in a report on Sunday, February 5th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $56.00 price objective (up from $46.00) on shares of Nucor in a report on Friday, January 13th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Nucor from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $69.00 price objective for the company in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price objective on shares of Nucor from $73.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on shares of Nucor from $70.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $67.21. In other news, Director Victoria F. Haynes sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, April 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $61.52, for a total value of $184,560.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 33,703 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,073,408.56. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, insider Raymond S. Napolitan, Jr. sold 12,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $63.74, for a total transaction of $790,376.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 73,885 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,709,429.90. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 80,263 shares of company stock valued at $5,021,549. 0.63% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Nucor Company Profile Nucor Corporation (Nucor) manufactures steel and steel products. The Company produces direct reduced iron (DRI) for use in its steel mills. It operates in three segments: steel mills, steel products and raw materials. The steel mills segment produces and distributes sheet steel (hot-rolled, cold-rolled and galvanized), plate steel, structural steel (wide-flange beams, beam blanks, H-piling and sheet piling) and bar steel (blooms, billets, concrete reinforcing bar, merchant bar, wire rod and special bar quality). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NUE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nucor Co. (NYSE:NUE). Receive News & Ratings for Nucor Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nucor Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bank of New York Mellon Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Decreases Stake in Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Maintains Position in Agilent Technologies Inc (A) General Dynamics Co. (GD) Position Lowered by Parsec Financial Management Inc. Greystone Investment Management LLC Decreases Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng Inc (ASX) Position Held by State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Kanawha Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Ecolab Inc. (ECL) State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Holds Stake in Chubb Ltd (CB) First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Gladstone Capital (GLAD) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Shares Bought by Greystone Investment Management LLC Espey Manufacturing & Electronics Corp. (ESP) Getting Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Cypress Energy Partners (CELP) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.27 Northeast Investment Management Buys Shares of 1,985 Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Chemtura Corp (CHMT) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Zacks: Analysts Anticipate IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Will Announce Earnings of $0.83 Per Share FY2017 Earnings Estimate for Edgewell Personal Care Co Issued By Gabelli (EPC) Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Madison Square Garden Co (MSG) to Post -$1.16 Earnings Per Share Strs Ohio Has $7,711,000 Stake in Itau Unibanco Holding SA (ITUB) Monsanto Company (MON) Stake Maintained by K.J. Harrison & Partners Inc Strs Ohio Reduces Stake in Textron Inc. (TXT) Greystone Investment Management LLC Decreases Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Greystone Investment Management LLC decreased its stake in shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) by 1.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 224,562 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 2,210 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp comprises 5.1% of Greystone Investment Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 5th largest position. Greystone Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Bank of New York Mellon Corp were worth $10,606,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Oakwood Capital Management LLC CA boosted its position in shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 1,613.0% in the first quarter. Oakwood Capital Management LLC CA now owns 84,487 shares of the bank’s stock worth $3,990,000 after buying an additional 79,555 shares during the last quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC boosted its position in shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 6.0% in the first quarter. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC now owns 225,551 shares of the bank’s stock worth $10,653,000 after buying an additional 12,840 shares during the last quarter. Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 0.6% in the first quarter. Baker Ellis Asset Management LLC now owns 50,656 shares of the bank’s stock worth $2,392,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. Delta Asset Management LLC TN boosted its position in shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 1.7% in the first quarter. Delta Asset Management LLC TN now owns 5,438 shares of the bank’s stock worth $257,000 after buying an additional 89 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Mycio Wealth Partners LLC boosted its position in shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp by 29.6% in the first quarter. Mycio Wealth Partners LLC now owns 8,659 shares of the bank’s stock worth $409,000 after buying an additional 1,976 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 82.83% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) traded up 0.08% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $47.65. The stock had a trading volume of 2,740,091 shares. Bank of New York Mellon Corp has a 12-month low of $35.72 and a 12-month high of $49.54. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $47.01 and its 200-day moving average price is $46.60. The stock has a market capitalization of $49.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.66 and a beta of 1.32. Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 20th. The bank reported $0.80 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.80. Bank of New York Mellon Corp had a net margin of 22.64% and a return on equity of 9.74%. The business earned $3.84 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.83 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.74 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Bank of New York Mellon Corp will post $3.51 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 2nd will be given a $0.19 dividend. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.59%. The ex-dividend date is Friday, April 28th. Bank of New York Mellon Corp’s dividend payout ratio is currently 24.05%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Greystone Investment Management LLC Decreases Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/greystone-investment-management-llc-decreases-position-in-bank-of-new-york-mellon-corp-bk.html. BK has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $54.00 to $48.00 in a report on Friday, January 20th. Deutsche Bank AG decreased their target price on Bank of New York Mellon Corp from $55.00 to $54.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, April 6th. Evercore ISI cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $48.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Friday, March 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $47.50 to $49.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut Bank of New York Mellon Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating, four have assigned a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $51.07. In related news, Vice Chairman Brian T. Shea sold 199,676 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $45.07, for a total value of $8,999,397.32. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 348,486 shares in the company, valued at approximately $15,706,264.02. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Vice Chairman Thomas P. Gibbons sold 102,174 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $47.71, for a total transaction of $4,874,721.54. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 271,416 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,949,257.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 311,850 shares of company stock valued at $14,350,519. 3.40% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Bank of New York Mellon Corp The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation is an investments company. The Company operates businesses through two segments: Investment Management and Investment Services. The Company also has an Other segment, which includes the leasing portfolio, corporate treasury activities (including its investment securities portfolio), derivatives and other trading, corporate and bank-owned life insurance and renewable energy investments, and business exits. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bank of New York Mellon Corp (NYSE:BK). Receive News & Ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bank of New York Mellon Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate 46° Full Menu 46° Customer Service Newsletters Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Bank of America has sponsored Charlotte’s gay pride parade, shown here in 2015, since it returned in 2013 after a 19-year absence. Ronnie Glassberg rglassberg@charlotteobserver.com Politics & Government May 05, 2017 5:03 PM Gay rights group turns down Bank of America’s money over HB2 compromise By Jim Morrill and Deon Roberts jmorrill@charlotteobserver.com droberts@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The nation’s largest gay rights group plans to reject $325,000 in Bank of America sponsorships to protest the role bank executives played in brokering a replacement for North Carolina’s House Bill 2. The Human Rights Campaign also slashed its Corporate Equality Index scores for the bank and for Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina, which also took part in the talks. The score measures corporate support for policies that affect LGBTQ employees. Andrea Smith, the bank’s chief administrative officer, and Charles Bowman, the North Carolina market president, were part of a small group of business leaders who helped negotiate the bill that repealed HB2 – known as “the bathroom bill.” The new measure, HB 142, prevents local governments from enacting LGBT protections for four years. “Bank of America and BCBS NC actively participated in brokering a law that will extend discrimination against countless LGBTQ people across the state of North Carolina – with particularly significant and permanent harm to transgender people,” Deena Fidas, director of HRC’s Workplace Equality Program, said in a statement. “We did not take this action lightly. To be effective, our Corporate Equality Index must not only recognize companies when they make progress, it must hold them accountable for undermining it.” A spokesman said the HRC has returned $25,000 to the bank and plans to forego a commitment of another $300,000. The bank is currently one of the organization’s national corporate sponsors. “We support LGBT equality and will continue doing so despite HRC’s decision, which does not reflect our long record of leadership,” Bank of America spokesman Lawrence DeRita said in a statement. He pointed to a record that includes offering comprehensive domestic partner benefits two decades ago, including sexual orientation in its nondiscrimination policies and a benefits package that includes “medically necessary treatments” for transgender employees in the U.S. and eventually to those in other countries. DeRita also said the bank was the first North Carolina-based company to publicly call for repealing HB2. “We never wavered in our consistent and public position calling for repeal of HB2,” he said, “and we engaged influential partners to join us in expressing concern for its impact.” Lawmakers passed – and Gov. Roy Cooper signed – HB 142 in March. It was widely criticized by the HRC and other LGBT groups as well as conservative groups that supported HB2. That was the law adopted last year after the city of Charlotte passed an anti-discrimination ordinance that would have allowed people to use the bathroom of the gender with which they identify. Diversity has been important for Bank of America. It sponsors Charlotte’s annual Pride Parade, which even has featured a double-decker Bank of America bus. The bank has flown a rainbow-colored flag outside its Charlotte headquarters. It also has touted its recognition by the HRC for its treatment of LGBT workers. Bank of America is flying the gay pride flag outside of its Charlotte headquarters today. #charobs $BAC pic.twitter.com/rQrtQAPvyl— Deon Roberts (@DeonERoberts) June 14, 2016 The first item on a Bank of America webpage dedicated to its diversity and inclusion awards is the score of 100 the bank says it’s received for the past 11 years on HRC’s corporate equality index. The webpage also notes HRC’s recognition of the bank as a best place to work for LGBT equality. HRC scores for the bank and Blue Cross have been cut to 75. Other leading financial institutions, such Wells Fargo, Citigroup and JP Morgan Chase, all rank 100 in the HRC index. Companies often promote their rankings when recruiting employees. In further fallout, HRC said Friday it is reviewing a credit card relationship it has with the bank, which issues HRC-branded cards used by the campaign’s members and supporters. An HRC spokesperson said the organization was taking the action “as a consequence of the score reduction.” Last year, HRC released a letter signed by Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan and other CEOs that called for HB2’s repeal shortly after the bill became law. During last year’s annual shareholder meeting, Moynihan reiterated the bank’s stance against the law, prompting praise from the HRC, which said the bank “will continue to be a leader for LGBT equality.” He and other bank officials criticized HB2 other times as well. In February, Moynihan told a Charlotte audience the bill continued to hurt North Carolina’s economy, because companies and organizations were choosing other states to locate jobs and conventions. Moynihan said that while the bill hadn’t chilled all economic activity in the state, it was acting as a constraint on the economy by costing it opportunities: “These are people that talk to me one-to-one,” he said at the time. “I know employers who have choices to make.” Bank of America executives Smith and Bowman joined former Charlotte Chamber chairman Ned Curran, Dale Jenkins, CEO of Raleigh’s Medical Mutual Insurance Company, Brad Wilson, CEO of Blue Cross Blue Shield of North Carolina, and Charlotte Hornets President Fred Whitfield in helping broker the repeal compromise. For days they met with legislative leaders and advisers to Cooper. “While this is unfortunate, we know that there are many employees within Bank of America and BCBS NC who are working each day to advance equality,” said the HRC’s Fidas. “We are grateful to them and hope that in the future we can find opportunities to continue working together toward full equality.” Jim Morrill: 704-358-5059, @jimmorrill Bank of America has sponsored Charlotte’s gay pride parade, shown here in 2015, since it returned in 2013 after a 19-year absence. Ronnie Glassberg rglassberg@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago NC nurses join rally in D.C. 2:19 a day ago NC nurses join rally in D.C. 2:46 2 days ago NC Rep. Mary Belk describes juggling new role, cancer treatment 2:58 24 days ago US Rep. Robert Pittenger on Obamacare and Syria at WBT town hall View More Video Politics & Government France's vote ripples across Europe, markets, diplomacy Tense France chooses new president, deciding Europe's fate ADB hoping US will step up and help lead regional lender Israel-Germany row shines spotlight on anti-occupation group German local vote is test for Merkel's challenger Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York May 2017 Issue Print The lobbyist hit list A look at the industry’s biggest trade groups and influence peddlers, who are descending on Washington with everything from tax reform to infrastructure to affordable housing on their agendas May 01, 2017 By Will Parker (Illustration by Dante Terzigni) In the fall of 1991, a brash New York developer testified at a Congressional budget hearing, telling committee members that nobody he knew could get a loan and complaining that the real estate industry’s muscle in Washington was weak. “They have absolutely the most pathetic lobby in the history of the United States Congress,” a then-bankrupt Donald Trump said during the hearing, which was focused on how to help the U.S. economy recover amid a deep recession. “It’s a shame,” he said, “that this very powerful and important industry doesn’t have a better lobby.” Today, of course, Trump is the primary resident of the White House, and rather than relying on lobbyists to push his agenda, he is the target of their influence peddling. The real estate lobby has grown massively since the day Trump testified in front of that House of Representatives committee. In 2016, the industry pumped nearly $104 million into federal lobbying — more than the securities and investment industry, which includes the bulk of Wall Street interests apart from the major banks. The industry’s biggest spender — the National Association of Realtors — was second only to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in total spending by any company or group from any industry between 1998 and 2016, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, a nonpartisan research group that tracks money and lobbying in politics. NAR, which has 1.1 million members, spent a massive $416 million on its reported lobbying during that time. By comparison, the megafirm General Electric shelled out $345 million, the defense contractor Northrop Grumman dropped $243.4 million, and Boeing and Exxon Mobil ponied up $242.9 million and $232.2 million, respectively. Despite NAR’s might, the real estate industry still doesn’t have the same kind of presence in Washington as other major industries — like big oil, telecom and health care. But sources say that’s largely because real estate is less consolidated, with stakeholders ranging from residential developers to commercial landlords to mortgage players to the big banks, among others. (Click to enlarge) Real estate did not make the Center for Responsive Politics’s Top 10 list for lobbying dollars spent between 1998 through 2016. But its spending is on the rise. The $104 million it spent in 2016 was a record, up 26 percent from a decade earlier. “While overall lobbying has been declining, real estate for whatever reason has kind of been increasing since they recovered from the collapse,” said Daniel Auble, a senior researcher at the nonprofit. Real estate lobbyists said that in addition to targeting Congress, they’ve also recently been focusing more on federal agencies. Bill Killmer, the chief lobbyist for the Mortgage Bankers Association — which has more than 2,000 corporate members — said the push to lobby agencies on mortgage finance issues started before the passage of Dodd-Frank, which was signed into law under President Barack Obama in 2010 and designed to increase regulation on the unwieldy banking industry after the financial crisis. “I used to say our regulatory folks were drinking through a fire hose on a daily basis because there was so much interaction we had to have with the alphabet soup of regulators,” Killmer said, referring to the dialogue about the changing rules. “I think we tried to maintain a pretty even balance [between agencies and Congress].” Now, with one of their own in the Oval Office, many in the industry are hoping for an onslaught of pro-real estate changes and more face time with the president or his surrogates. Sources say Bill Rudin and several other New York developers recently met with Ivanka Trump and White House economic adviser Gary Cohn in Washington. So far, however, much of the access has come not at the White House but at the president’s private club Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, where he’s hosted friends and real estate titans Richard LeFrak, Howard Lorber, Bruce Toll and others. In addition to having Trump in the White House, the fact that both the Senate and House are controlled by Republicans means that the legislative environment for most major real estate issues hasn’t looked better in years. “The House has passed a lot of legislation that didn’t go anywhere in the Senate that may go somewhere now,” said Ken Trepeta, president of the Real Estate Services Providers Council, a national industry lobby. “Some things that weren’t possible in the last eight years are now possible,” added Trepeta, who helped write the Mortgage Choice Act, which falls under the Financial Choice Act. Last month, Texas Republican Jeb Hensarling — chairman of the House Financial Services Committee — reintroduced the Financial Choice Act, a bill designed to roll back Dodd-Frank that was shelved in December. The new version even more severely strips it of its regulatory teeth. But reforms to Dodd-Frank — along with tax reform, the reauthorization of the EB-5 program, infrastructure spending and more — took a back seat to President Trump’s failed push to repeal Obamacare and his controversial (but ultimately successful) nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. With the administration now moving on from those matters, real estate-related reforms are next. Below is a rundown of some of the key issues that the real estate lobby is watching and mobilizing on. Tax reform When President Ronald Reagan and his Senate allies pushed to raise taxes in the early 1980s, the real estate lobby was relentless. “They have been camping on our doorstep,” said then-Sen. Bob Dole, the legendary Kansas Republican. “They have been in the gallery. They have been in the lobbies. They have been in the elevators.” The lobbyists’ persistence paid off: The real estate industry managed to hold onto a slew of special tax breaks. But the victory was short-lived. A few years later, in 1986, tax reform rose to the top of Congress’s priority list, and real estate tax shelters — which had exploded in popularity between the late 1970s and early 1980s, in part because of changes made to capital gains taxes — became a key target. Although no concrete numbers exist, Wall Street Journal reporters Alan Murray and Jeffrey Birnbaum wrote in their 1988 book “Showdown at Gucci Gulch” that the money stashed away in tax shelters in the U.S. jumped to $20 billion from $2 billion during that time. Tax shelters became a go-to mechanism for filling developers’ capital stacks because they allowed investors to offset their tax burdens while investing in real estate. But when Congress eliminated many of those tax shelters as well as deductions for passive-investment losses, real estate investment dropped off, industry sources say. Today, with tax reform at the top of Trump’s agenda, industry players all agree on one thing: Never let 1986 happen again. “I was here in 1986,” said Cindy Chetti, lobbyist for the National Multifamily Housing Council, a prominent landlord group, “and many of us remember what the outcome of the tax reform effort was and the problems it created for the commercial real estate industry.” That’s why the prospect of any major tax overhaul — even one backed by a developer-in-chief — has the entire real estate lobby on alert. The Trump administration and House Republicans have called for sweeping changes to taxation, leaving concerns that tax benefits for real estate investments — including 1031 exchanges, carried-interest deductions, the mortgage-interest deduction and the low-income housing tax credit — might get axed (or altered) in the hunt for extra revenue. (Click to enlarge) The Real Estate Roundtable — a consortium of real estate trade associations with close ties to the Real Estate Board of New York — and NAR are already emerging as two of the industry’s leading lobbyists on tax reform. In January, the Roundtable released its Trump-era policy agenda, touting 1031 exchanges, which allow investors to defer tax payments when they reinvest the proceeds from the sale of one property into another. A preliminary “blueprint” proposed by the House Republicans last year was silent on 1031 — as was the tax plan announced late last month by the Trump administration. Real estate sources contend that the elimination of the exchanges would have devastating effects on New York City’s investment sales market because they incentivize sellers to buy new properties, thereby generating more business. The halls of Congress will be crowded with lobbyists from the broader business world vying to make their tax priorities known. And at the top of many of their agendas is something else: the corporate income-tax rate. The Trump administration has called for the current rate of 35 percent to be dropped to 15 percent. The new rate would apply not just to large corporations, but also to smaller businesses and pass-through entities such as LLCs, which are used widely in commercial real estate. In their blueprint, House Republicans proposed lowering the rate to 20 percent for corporations and 25 percent for pass-throughs. But without increasing the federal deficit, it will be hard, if not impossible, to make across-the-board tax cuts unless revenue is raised elsewhere. John Bryant of the Building Owners and Managers Association International — an organization whose members oversee 10 billion square feet of commercial property in the U.S. — said the group is staying focused on the final outcome. “The response we’re getting when we’re talking to the tax-writing committees is ‘Don’t just look at the individual parts … if you look at the end game, it will actually be a wash or you may actually come out better,” he said. Although Bryant and others are still advocating for the tax breaks that currently benefit the industry, as long as the overarching math works out for them, they’re keeping an open mind. “We’re not drawing a hard line in the sand,” Bryant said. Dodd-Frank Just the mention of Dodd-Frank gets stakeholders on both sides of the political aisle riled up — with opponents arguing that it saddles the banking industry with too many restrictions and cripples the economy, and proponents saying it’s badly needed to protect the public from the loosely regulated banks that prompted the 2008 financial crisis. Trump has blasted the legislation, vowing on the campaign trail to “dismantle” it. In February, the president signed an executive order directing his Treasury secretary, Steven Mnuchin, a former hedge funder and Goldman Sachs executive, to evaluate the Dodd-Frank-created Financial Stability Oversight Council and report back within 120 days on whether it’s acting in line with his goals for a less-regulated economy. “We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can’t borrow money,” the president said in a February meeting with business leaders who included Stephen Schwarzman, CEO of the fund manager Blackstone Group. While Dodd-Frank is targeted squarely at the banking industry, it is inextricably tied to real estate lending — from residential mortgages to construction loans to investment dollars. And for the industry, Dodd-Frank will be one of the biggest legislative battlegrounds. Lobbyists, especially in the commercial sector, are carefully strategizing as they assess the rules — some of which have only very recently gone into effect. Meanwhile, Hensarling’s new bill — which would ease regulations on mortgage lending as well as reduce the “risk retention” burden on banks that requires them to keep extra capital on their books — addresses real estate players’ concerns. But Democrats argue that the bill will put millions of consumers at risk.  Whether Hensarling’s bill moves forward or not, risk retention will undoubtely be under the microscope for the real estate industry. At the moment, it requires banks packaging commercial mortgages into sellable securities to keep 5 percent of those loans on their own books. Two of the most prominent real estate lobbying groups taking on Dodd-Frank are the Commercial Real Estate Finance Council and the Mortgage Bankers Association, which are focused on the commercial and residential components of the legislation, respectively.  David Motley, the chairman-elect and president of the mortgage group, recently said the regulations have “reduced the availability and affordability of mortgage credit for many American families.” Marty Schuh — the senior director and head of government relations at CREFC, who was a staffer for Republican Sen. Bob Corker when Dodd-Frank was being hashed out — said the legislation incited confusion because the procedures for implementing it were unclear. “We had all kinds of little fights, about what the value of par,” Schuh said, referring to disputes while the legislation was being drafted about how various portions of it would be interpreted. Major bank heads including JPMorgan Chase’s Jamie Dimon are not seeking to repeal the entire bill, but to instead to “open it up” and reassess. “I’m not someone for wholesale ‘throw it all out,” Dimon told Bloomberg in January. But he added that “no one in their rational mind could say everything that was done and how it was done was done right.” He cited liquidity-ratio requirements for banks as well as operational risk capital — both of which dictate how much money banks need to keep on hand — as areas for potential change. But risk retention in general is complicated for many lobbying groups. CREFC represents both CMBS buyers and sellers and has a less hawkish stance than might be expected. While it might have technical issues with the way the rule functions, it’s not opposed to risk retention generally. “CREFC always supported the idea of skin in the game because we are ultimately driven by the buy side — they’re the keys to this being a successful market,” Schuh said. Some sources argue that the importance of these regulations to the success of the current market is overstated. (Click to enlarge) “While the regulatory environment is playing a role in some kinds of lending, concerns about pricing and where we are in the market cycle are also significant factors,” said Sam Chandan, an associate dean of NYU’s Schack School of Real Estate. Still, much of the home lending industry argues that aspects of Dodd-Frank have limited the ability to extend debt. The Consumer Finance Protection Bureau — a body created by Dodd-Frank — issued a slew of new regulatory guidance, including Dodd-Frank’s qualified mortgage rule, which tightens banks’ discretion in deciding who qualifies as a “good faith” borrower.  Killmer, of the Mortgage Bankers Association, said that above all he’s “arguing for regulatory clarity.”  “We’re not necessarily trying to blow up all those systems, we’re trying to see if there are ways to improve them.” Affordable housing To get a sense of how affordable-housing construction might be shaken up by Congress, lobbyists and stakeholders need to trace the history back to 1986 — again. That’s when, after cracking down on tax shelters — a move that led to a drop in multifamily investment — lawmakers designed a dollar-for-dollar tax break known as the low-income housing tax credit, or LIHTC in industry-speak. Developers win the credits from the state, get them from the IRS and then sell them on an open market. In 2015, the LIHTC market raised about $13 billion in equity, according to the accounting firm Novogradac & Company, which tracks the market. These tax credits have become a crucial incentive for any developer in the affordable-housing space. Without them, sources say, many affordable residential projects don’t pencil out financially. Bob Moss, director of government affairs for the New York-based accounting firm CohnReznick, said that although he’s concerned, the program’s wide popularity in Congress makes him hopeful that LIHTC will not be on the chopping block. “We’ve been invited in by the Ways and Means tax staff to start talking about financial models that would maintain the low-income housing tax credit production … should corporate rates be lower,” said Moss, whose firm does extensive work in affordable housing. “We have very much been at the table,” he added. “We have not felt like we’re on the menu.” But with the expected drop in corporate taxes, prices for these credits are already falling. That’s because a drop in corporate tax rates means those who are buying these credits have less tax liability to offset. And that means less demand. Still, many affordable-housing advocates are not overly worried about LIHTC, and there’s even talk of expanding the number of available credits. In March, Sen. Maria Cantwell, a Democrat from Washington state, introduced legislation — which already has bipartisan support — to expand the number of available credits by 50 percent. Other affordable-housing programs may not be so lucky. The White House budget office released its proposal for the Department of Housing and Urban Development in March, which included a massive $6.2 billion slash in spending. The move was backed by Trump’s HUD Secretary Ben Carson, a neurosurgeon who ran against Trump in the GOP presidential primary and has, until now, never held a government position. The White House’s budget blueprint also proposed abolishing Community Development Block Grants, which are widely used in New York to help fund code enforcement, building inspections and even emergency repairs to some privately owned buildings if a landlord refuses to rectify a safety issue. National affordable-housing groups like the National Low Income Housing Coalition and the National Housing Conference are now busy making their case for why Trump’s unprecedented cuts to housing would be detrimental to the American poor. “These proposed cuts are unacceptable, and Congress must soundly reject them,” Diane Yentel, president of the National Low Income Housing Coalition, wrote in a letter after the White House announced its intentions. “There’s already close to a $30 billion capital-needs backlog in public housing across the country,” Yentel told The Real Deal in an earlier interview. National Housing Conference President Chris Estes, meanwhile, told his members to prepare “for ongoing, coordinated advocacy for housing and community development. This is a marathon, not a sprint.” GSE reform Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — public companies known as government-sponsored enterprises — guarantee trillions of dollars in American mortgages. The two GSEs, which were created to expand the nation’s secondary mortgage market, were hemorrhaging money amid the subprime mortgage crisis and were bailed out to the tune of a stunning $187 billion by the federal government. In September 2008, with President George W. Bush in the White House, they were placed into government conservatorship. At the time, the Washington Post described the move as “one of the most sweeping government interventions in private financial markets in decades.” But most agree that having the government in control of Fannie and Freddie’s books is not sustainable. Treasury Secretary Mnuchin has said Americans should expect GSE reform sometime during the Trump administration. Although Trump does not have a public stance on GSEs, in late November Mnuchin called for a swift end to “government control” of Fannie and Freddie. He later clarified that he’s not looking to abolish them. In February, Cohn, Trump’s economic advisor, told reporters that Mnuchin has been “spending a lot of time” on GSE reform and described it as an “early” priority. But Jamie Gregory, the chief deputy lobbyist for NAR, said he expects the issue to take a back seat to tax reform for now. “We’ll see legislation introduced and we’ll see hearings this year, but I think ultimately it’s far more likely a bill passes next year,” Gregory said. NAR, along with the rest of the national real estate lobby, wants to ensure that whatever GSE plan moves forward, U.S. mortgage lending remains robust. The Federal Housing Finance Agency — which oversees Fannie and Freddie — has warned that the two GSEs are at risk of needing another bailout if something doesn’t change soon. Fannie’s capital buffer is on track to hit a big fat zero in early 2018, at which point it will need to hit up the U.S. Treasury. Freddie, meanwhile, started 2016 with a $354 million loss. Yentel, of the National Low Income Housing Coalition, said one reason the Treasury would be on the hook is because Fannie and Freddie’s current structure prevents them from holding too much capital. “The agreements they have … ensure that the capital buffers of Fannie and Freddie are ever-declining,” Yentel said. “That increases the likelihood that Fannie and Freddie will need a draw from the Treasury.” The coalition and other affordable-housing groups will be lobbying to keep the so-called National Affordable Housing Trust Fund intact. That fund is financed by Fannie and Freddie, but if the GSEs need to tap the Treasury, they can’t pay into the trust. “The longer we go without some resolution … the more at risk the trust fund is of having its contributions suspended,” Yentel said. Infrastructure and EB-5 One of the biggest real estate policy issues on Washington’s docket is the massive public infrastructure plan Trump has been dangling. On the campaign trail, Trump said he wanted Congress to authorize a $1 trillion plan to improve the nation’s bridges, roads, tunnels, airports and other public infrastructure, like electrical grids. “We’re talking about a very major infrastructure bill of a trillion dollars, perhaps even more,” Trump said last month. Details have been scant since he’s taken office. Before he was elected, his economic advisers released an infrastructure plan that relied mostly on incentivizing private investment. His administration is reportedly considering up to $200 billion in federal spending along with tax breaks, MarketWatch reported. While doing something about infrastructure, in the most general sense, is one point of bipartisan agreement, Democrats largely want the $1 trillion to come from the government, not private investors. Most of the real estate lobby is in favor of increased infrastructure spending. Assuming the federal government does not fund all of the public projects, they could get a boost from another key target on the real estate lobbying agenda: the EB-5 visa program, which is up for reauthorization this year. The 25-year-old program — which awards foreign investors green cards for investing cash in job-producing projects — is set to expire this year, though it got a last-minute temporary extension late last month. Renewing it permanently requires Senate and House approval. But the program is controversial, to say the least. Opponents say it unfairly awards wealthy foreigners who can pay their way into the country, and argue that it’s too vulnerable to fraud and abuse. The Obama administration proposed new regulations for EB-5 — such as raising the minimum investment threshold to nearly $1.4 million for visas from $500,000. Those proposals have not gone over well with the industry, which is devoting time and money to push for reauthorization with as few changes as possible. Trump has remained silent on the issue. However, his real estate scion son-in-law, Jared Kushner, now his senior advisor, used EB-5 funds to help pay for the construction of a 50-story luxury rental tower in Jersey City known as, you guessed it, Trump Bay Street. White House spokesperson Hope Hicks told TRD Kushner would recuse himself from all EB-5 matters. The program has, of course, been a go-to funding spigot for NYC luxury real estate developers, but it’s also recently been used to help fund public projects like the George Washington Bridge Bus Station redevelopment and wireless internet infrastructure in the city subway. EB-5 has been routinely renewed for years without substantial reforms, but a sizable bloc in Congress sees little merit in the program at all, and momentum against it has grown. Texas Republican Louis Gohmert — an outspoken member of the House Judiciary Committee — has called for suspending the program entirely. “Give us your immoral, your degenerate, as long as they have money,” he quipped at a hearing in March. “The message is we want them in America, and we’ll give them a visa to get their money.” Short URL Print Popular WeWork, Rhone Group raise hundreds of millions for property investment fund The view from Mt. Milken: Barrack sounds off on WeWork, Schwarzman on evaluating deals … & more “Seriously, where are the women?” Stribling prez to Bravo on “MDLNY” The top 10 biggest real estate projects coming to NYC Phipps looks to rezone Bronx site for 220-unit Mandatory Inclusionary Housing project More Stories WATCH: The 10 biggest real estate loans that closed in March More Videos Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
Now Trending: Top U.S. Companies to Ho... Texas police chief says ... Dallas County leader fou... African American Educati... EDITORIALS EDUCATION NEWS SPORTS Archives 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 Menu Top U.S. Companies to Host Opportunity Youth Hiring Fair in Dallas dptstaff | May 6, 2017 | LOCAL, NEWS, YOUTH TODAY | No Comments With an estimated 109,000 young men and women not in school or the workforce – nearly 13 percent of youth – the Dallas metro area has one of the highest rates of youth disengagement in the nation[1]. In response, a national coalition of more than 50 leading U.S. companies known as the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ will come together on Friday, May 19, from 9 am to 4 pm at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center to host the Dallas Opportunity Fair –  an unprecedented, day-long hiring event aimed at Opportunity Youth – 16- to 24-year-olds who are not in school or working. The event will feature recruiters and resources from top U.S. companies including Starbucks, FedEx, JCPenney, Pizza Hut, Chipotle, Delaware North, Republic Services, Dominos, Sprinkles, Five Guys, Target, Hilton Worldwide, Teavana, HMSHost, T-Mobile, Ulta Beauty, Macy’s, Villa, Papa John’s, Walgreens and Walmart. Together, they are offering more than 1,700 guaranteed job interviews throughout the day for local positions, as well as the opportunity to connect with more than 30 job-readiness and social services, including resume writing, interview skills and college and financial aid applications – making this the largest and most comprehensive opportunity youth hiring fair ever hosted in Texas. Based on past events in Chicago, Los Angeles, Phoenix and Seattle, the coalition expects to extend hundreds of immediate, on-the-spot job offers at the May 19 event. It will also look to sustain investment in Dallas over the next few years, partnering with local organizations to create ongoing impact. “FedEx is dedicated to helping young people gain the skills and career connections necessary to find available jobs on the path to starting their careers,” said Kim Dixon, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, FedEx Office. “We’re proud to be a founding member of the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative coalition of leading companies and look forward to connecting with young talent in the Dallas area.” Launched in 2015, the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ reached its original goal of hiring and engaging 100,000 opportunity youth two years ahead of schedule. But with an estimated 4.9 million young Americans still left out of the U.S. economy[2], the coalition has since expanded its commitment to a new goal of 1 million hires by 2020. Each of the companies and organizations involved share a commitment to helping youth connect with employers and develop basic job skills. The goal is to get these young men and women into the workforce and on to a long-term pathway to success. “Connecting America’s underserved youth to a pathway to employment has the potential to create an enormous ripple effect on our businesses, communities and the economy. And, we are excited to launch our next hiring fair in Dallas,” said Kevin Johnson, president and ceo of Starbucks Coffee Company. “Through a series of initiatives, including our work with the coalition, Starbucks has hired more than 40,000 Opportunity Youth. This has prompted us to expand our own goal to 100,000 hires by 2020. These young men and women are thriving in the Starbucks environment, demonstrating that opportunity youth can be an invaluable pipeline of talent for a company like ours, as we look to fill 68,000 new jobs in the U.S. in the next five years.” “Since joining the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative, Pizza Hut has successfully filled thousands of jobs including several manager-level positions,” said Artie Starrs, President, Pizza Hut, U.S. “We are like-minded in the coalition’s mission of empowering youth to reach their full potential. We look forward to engaging with the smart, talented and ambitious youth in the city in which we work and live.” In the Dallas-Fort Worth area, and around the country, youth unemployment still tops 12 percent[3], disproportionately impacting young people from underserved low-income communities. The coalition will work alongside Dallas’ civic and community leaders including the City of Dallas, Workforce Solutions Greater Dallas, United Way of Metro Dallas, CitySquare and other key partners to build on existing opportunity youth hiring efforts and ensure the initiative is sustained in the long run. “Our young people are the future of Dallas, and every one of them deserves an opportunity to achieve their full potential,” said Mayor Mike Rawlings. “I’m grateful for the leaders of the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative and several Dallas-based companies and service providers that have stepped up. The May 19 Opportunity Fair will help launch a true employer-led, long-term effort to provide career and education pathways to thousands of opportunity youth in Dallas. I urge our local businesses to take part in this opportunity to strengthen our city, our local economy and the workforce of tomorrow by investing in our youth in the form of meaningful jobs and training opportunities.” “We believe it’s our collective responsibility to invest in getting these disconnected youth into the types of jobs that are required for them to lead rewarding, productive lives,” said Ashley Brundage, Senior Vice President, Community Impact, United Way of Metropolitan Dallas. “Their future is our priority. We applaud the leaders of 100,000 Opportunities Initiative for bringing global leaders together to make a deep, lasting impact in our future. This partnership furthers our purpose of putting knowledge and opportunity at the footstep of so many eager minds. We are excited to collaborate on May 19 to empower, engage, and equip our next generation.”   “We welcome the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative to Dallas.  The event gives corporations with a Dallas presence access to a goldmine of entry-level trainable talent,” said Laurie Bouillion Larrea, president at Workforce Solutions Greater Dallas. “The benefits of youth employment are staggering. Early employment translates to higher earning in adulthood and better financial inclusion. Dallas area companies need this talent and our Dallas youth need paid apprenticeship opportunities. It’s a win-win for everyone.” Youth Can Register for Guaranteed Job Interviews at the Dallas Opportunity Fair Interested candidates are invited to register for free and schedule an interview ahead of time for the May 19 hiring event at www.100kOpportunities.org/Dallas. Youth will also have access to more than 30 vital employment, educational and social services, including one-on-one resume and interview coaching; opportunities for civic engagement like voter registration and national service; the chance to build an online candidate profile; and more. The event will also feature informative and inspirational performances and activities throughout the day. Building the Nation’s Largest Employer-Led Initiative for Opportunity Youth The 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ now includes more than  50 companies, including: Accenture, Alaska Airlines, Chipotle, Cintas, CVS Health, Delaware North, Domino’s, Ernst & Young, FedEx, Five Guys, Food Services of America, Gene Juarez, Greyston Bakery, Hilton WorldWide, HMSHost, Hyatt, JCPenney, JPMorgan Chase, Leisure Care, Lyft, Macy’s, Mars, Microsoft, MOD Pizza, Nordstrom, Panda Express, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Porch, Potbelly, Prudential Financial, Inc., Red Robin, Republic Services, Savers, Sprinkles Cupcakes, Starbucks, Sweetgreen, Taco Bell, Target, Teavana, T-Mobile, Toms, Ulta Beauty, Villa, Walgreens, Walmart, and Yum!. The 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ is led by an Executive Committee which provides generous support including FedEx, HMSHost, My Brother’s Keeper Alliance, The Rockefeller Foundation, Schultz Family Foundation, Starbucks, Yum!, and Walmart Foundation. Premier sponsorship for the event in Dallas is being provided by FedEx Office, JCPenney and the JC Penney Foundation, and Starbucks and the Starbucks Foundation. As it has in Chicago, Phoenix, Los Angeles, and Seattle, the 100,000 Opportunities InitiativeTM will partner with national and local organizations to provide continued investment in Dallas to create pathways to employment for Opportunity Youth in the region, including ongoing hiring fairs and other efforts to train and employ youth. About the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative The 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ has the goal of creating the nation’s largest employer-led private sector coalition committed to creating pathways to employment for young people. Companies engaged in the coalition will help to launch careers for young people that are just entering the workforce, including internships, apprenticeships and on the job training, in addition to developing potential in youth that have some work experience but are looking to gain new skills that lead to a successful career.  For more information, please visit www.100kOpportunities.org. For a complete list of participating companies, community service organizations, funders and participants, please visit www.100kOpportunities.org. To learn more about the coalition’s impact at past hiring events, and what to expect at the Dallas Opportunity Fair on May 19, visit our YouTube video page at http://bit.ly/2oIozpo.Media interested in attending the event in Dallas must pre-register for credentials by contacting media@100kOpportunities.org. Like Us On Facebook INSPIRATION FOR THE WEEK Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 NEWS Top U.S. Companies to Host Opportunity Youth Hiring Fair in Dallas Texas police chief says car was driving away from cop who fatally shot teen passenger Dallas County leader found NOT GUILTY in corruption trial African American Education Archives and History Program Inducts Nine Outstanding Individuals Wells Fargo Banks New Ad Campaign to Regain Customer Trust Does Not Appear to Include Black & Latino Newspapers NNPA Newswire Exclusive: Bill Cosby Finally Breaks His Silence Copyright © 2017 Dallas Post Tribune. Website by SJS Graphic Arts. Home About Us Contact Us DPT Staff Links Sales and Marketing Subscribe  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance PepsiCo Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Searle & CO. Has $1,545,000 Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Sensient Technologies Co. (SXT) Stake Raised by Teachers Advisors LLC 136,985 Shares in Chevron Co. (CVX) Acquired by Kentucky Retirement Systems Teachers Advisors LLC Reduces Stake in LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Penske Automotive Group, Inc. (PAG) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $553.647 Million Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Cable One Inc (CABO) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Wealthfront Inc. Has $3.173 Million Position in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. Has $454,000 Stake in Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Hanesbrands Inc. Cut by Analyst (HBI) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Hyster-Yale Materials Handling Inc (HY) Boosted by Analyst Independence Contract Drilling Inc to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.09) Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (ICD) Aristotle Capital Management LLC Purchases 1,129,946 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) Norges Bank Takes Position in Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 35,945 Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Peninsula Energy (PENMF) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research 30,004 Shares in Gamco Investors Inc (GBL) Acquired by Norges Bank Zacks Investment Research Lowers IMPINJ Inc (PI) to Hold Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Euroseas Ltd. (ESEA) Searle & CO. Has $1,545,000 Stake in PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Searle & CO. maintained its position in PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 14,762 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the fourth quarter. Searle & CO.’s holdings in PepsiCo were worth $1,545,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in PEP. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new stake in shares of PepsiCo during the third quarter valued at about $101,000. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC acquired a new stake in shares of PepsiCo during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Edmond DE Rothschild Monaco acquired a new stake in shares of PepsiCo during the third quarter valued at about $131,000. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of PepsiCo by 11,898.4% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 146,861 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 145,637 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN acquired a new stake in shares of PepsiCo during the fourth quarter valued at about $150,000. 70.43% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) opened at 113.22 on Friday. PepsiCo, Inc. has a 52 week low of $98.50 and a 52 week high of $114.61. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $112.53 and a 200-day moving average of $107.14. The company has a market capitalization of $161.73 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.40 and a beta of 0.53. PepsiCo (NYSE:PEP) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported $0.94 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.91 by $0.03. The business had revenue of $12.05 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $11.98 billion. PepsiCo had a net margin of 10.74% and a return on equity of 56.16%. The business’s revenue was up 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.89 EPS. Analysts anticipate that PepsiCo, Inc. will post $5.14 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 30th. Stockholders of record on Friday, June 2nd will be paid a $0.805 dividend. This represents a $3.22 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.84%. This is an increase from PepsiCo’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.75. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 31st. PepsiCo’s payout ratio is 66.01%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/searle-co-has-1545000-stake-in-pepsico-inc-pep.html. Several analysts have recently issued reports on PEP shares. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their target price on shares of PepsiCo from $115.00 to $121.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Vetr cut shares of PepsiCo from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $106.67 target price on the stock. in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of PepsiCo in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. They set an “overweight” rating and a $125.00 target price on the stock. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded shares of PepsiCo from a “neutral” rating to a “positive” rating and upped their target price for the company from $118.00 to $132.00 in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of PepsiCo from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $120.35. In other news, COO Vivek Sankaran sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $110.22, for a total value of $220,440.00. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now directly owns 73,595 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $8,111,640.90. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Ramon Laguarta sold 23,585 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $109.05, for a total transaction of $2,571,944.25. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 135,859 shares in the company, valued at $14,815,423.95. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 44,343 shares of company stock worth $4,850,480 over the last three months. Insiders own 0.33% of the company’s stock. PepsiCo Company Profile PepsiCo, Inc is a global food and beverage company. The Company’s portfolio of brands includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana. The Company operates through six segments: Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), North America Beverages (NAB), Latin America, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa (ESSA), and Asia, Middle East and North Africa (AMENA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP). Receive News & Ratings for PepsiCo Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for PepsiCo Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aristotle Capital Management LLC Purchases 1,129,946 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) Norges Bank Takes Position in Independent Bank Co.(MI) (IBCP) Norges Bank Acquires Shares of 35,945 Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Peninsula Energy (PENMF) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research 30,004 Shares in Gamco Investors Inc (GBL) Acquired by Norges Bank Zacks Investment Research Lowers IMPINJ Inc (PI) to Hold Norges Bank Acquires New Position in Apollo Investment Corp. (AINV) Renaissance Technologies LLC Raises Stake in Euroseas Ltd. (ESEA) HCR Wealth Advisors Purchases Shares of 44,551 Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Mastercard Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MA) Molina Healthcare, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.08 Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts (MOH) JMP Securities Weighs in on Meritage Homes Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (MTH) Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) Short Interest Update SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Nautilus, Inc. (NLS) Renaissance Technologies LLC Reduces Stake in Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) 8,288 Shares in Vermilion Energy Inc (VET) Acquired by Renaissance Technologies LLC Real Industry Inc (RELY) Shares Bought by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Renaissance Technologies LLC Takes Position in CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (CVU) State Street Corp Has $2.272 Million Stake in Planet Payment Inc (PLPM) State Street Corp Purchases 12,096 Shares of AppFolio Inc (APPF) Aristotle Capital Management LLC Purchases 1,129,946 Shares of General Electric Company (GE) May 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Aristotle Capital Management LLC increased its position in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 79.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2,548,459 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after buying an additional 1,129,946 shares during the period. Aristotle Capital Management LLC’s holdings in General Electric Company were worth $80,531,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Fusion Family Wealth LLC acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $100,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $140,000. Turner Investments LLC acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $161,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter worth approximately $177,000. Finally, Cable Hill Partners LLC raised its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 38.4% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 6,155 shares of the conglomerate’s stock worth $180,000 after buying an additional 1,708 shares during the last quarter. 54.68% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.22 on Friday. General Electric Company has a 12-month low of $28.19 and a 12-month high of $33.00. The firm has a market capitalization of $254.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.76 and a beta of 1.20. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $29.62 and a 200 day moving average price of $30.23. General Electric Company also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Thursday. Stock investors bought 44,562 call options on the stock. This is an increase of 201% compared to the average daily volume of 14,803 call options. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The firm earned $27.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $26.37 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.21 earnings per share. The business’s quarterly revenue was down .7% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th were given a dividend of $0.24 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.29%. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 106.67%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/06/aristotle-capital-management-llc-purchases-1129946-shares-of-general-electric-company-ge.html. A number of brokerages have commented on GE. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $29.00 price objective on General Electric Company and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 price objective on General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an “outperform” rating and set a $37.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $38.00 price objective on General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Vetr lowered General Electric Company from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.56 price objective for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, April 4th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $32.08. In other General Electric Company news, Director Marijn E. Dekkers acquired 20,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 24th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $29.90 per share, with a total value of $598,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $29,900. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Corporate insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. About General Electric Company Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS MF equity investment hits 5-month high at Rs 10,000 crore in April Buffett's formula for finding sweet spot in market at any point Seven factors that are likely to dictate market direction in coming week Five of top-10 firms lose Rs 32,959 crore in market capitalisation Comments by Berkshire's Warren Buffett, the 'Oracle of Omaha' Buffett on airlines, IBM, tax losses & laxity at Wells Fargo This man made more money for Berkshire than Warren Buffett Pearls of wisdom from Buffett: Ounce of prevention better than a pound of cure This is why Warren Buffett is betting big on aviation stocks Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 05 Maymarket stats SENSEX 29,859-267.41 NIFTY 50 9,285-74.60 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,0786.0 USD/INR 64.380.20 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Can the Apple cash machine keep chugging? By New York Times | Updated: May 06, 2017, 01.55 PM IST Post a Comment By Jeff Sommer Great things are expected of the most valuable company on the planet. Apple, which has a world-beating market capitalization of $776 billion, is still meeting those expectations, but barely. And that could cause headaches down the road for investors and for the stock market as a whole. Apple shares, among the most widely held in the world, hit a record Friday, yet the company’s sales have been so-so and no new game-changing gadgets other than a revamped iPhone are in sight. “Apple has ushered itself squarely into a new normal of pedestrian growth,” Edison Investment Research said, summing up the market reaction to Apple’s latest quarterly earnings report on Tuesday. In a nutshell, after a stumble last year, Apple started to grow again late in the year and continued to do so in the first three months of this year, but not by much. Revenue in the first quarter was 5 percent higher than over the same period a year earlier — a respectable but hardly eye-popping performance, and one that won’t restore Apple’s old reputation as a paradigmatic “growth company.” Yet Apple’s stock rose last week, after increasing more than 28 percent this year. The company generates profits on a barely conceivable scale. So what’s the problem? It is simply that Apple’s standing in the stock market has largely been built on that aging little object, the iPhone. A major iPhone rejuvenation is expected in September, the 10th anniversary of its birth. That is likely to spur greater sales, for a while at least. But how long can the iPhone wield its financial magic, and will the company come up with another invention with awesome monetary powers? It may seem unfair to quibble this way, given Apple’s technological accomplishments and financial position. The company makes useful and reliable, if expensive, products. I’m typing on a Mac, have an iPhone in my pocket and an iPad tucked away in my backpack, and all have served me well. The Apple Watch has its aficionados, though I’m not one of them. But whatever your relationship with Apple devices, the company has not come up with a technological game changer in years. That hasn’t prevented its share price from powering upward. For the moment, the stock market remains entranced with what Apple is doing financially, and for understandable reasons. Apple may no longer be a great growth company but it is still extraordinary, said Aswath Damodaran, a New York University finance professor, who has analyzed Apple’s earnings closely since 2010. Come what may, he said, Apple churns out staggering quantities of money with metronomic regularity. “Apple is the greatest corporate cash machine in history,” he said in an interview. “We should appreciate that amazing achievement. The problem is, it’s not growing much. It’s a slow-growth cash-generating machine.” On Tuesday, the company provided fresh details of how great a cash machine it is. In just three months, after expenses and investments and payouts to shareholders, Apple’s colossal pile of cash and marketable securities grew another $10.8 billion, reaching a nearly unfathomable $256.8 billion. In the scheme of things, how big is that? Consider that $256.8 billion is more than the value of every other U.S. company except Microsoft, Alphabet, Facebook, Exxon Mobil, Johnson & Johnson, Berkshire Hathaway and JPMorgan Chase, according to Howard Silverblatt, senior index analyst at S&P Dow Jones Indices. Apple has enough cash for an outright purchase of General Electric or Wells Fargo or AT&T, the data shows. There is speculation that Apple will make a major acquisition: Companies like Netflix, Disney, Hulu and Tesla are on analysts’ lists. But there is little sign right now that Apple intends to dispose of its money that way, in a gigantic acquisition. Instead, the company announced Tuesday that it would expand its program of returning cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and stock buybacks. The numbers here, too, are so immense that they are hard to grasp. In a conference call with stock analysts, Luca Maestri, Apple’s chief financial officer, said that since 2012, Apple’s buybacks and dividends amounted to $211.2 billion: The buybacks alone total $151 billion. Without those buybacks, which reduce Apple’s shares and total value, Apple’s market cap might already be as high as $900 billion (though without the buybacks, Apple’s stock price would be lower, so such calculations are inherently imprecise). Furthermore, in the next two years, Maestri said, the company intends “to return $89 billion to our investors, which represents about 12 percent of our market cap at the current stock price.” All of which is to say that if Apple’s cash machine keeps clicking, it could well become the first company with a $1 trillion market cap. But it would probably get there much faster if it were not sending so much cash back to investors. The fact that it is doing so is great for shareholders, Damodaran said. It is displaying commendable discipline, he said, because Apple has had no better use for the money, either internally or with a big acquisition of a less-profitable or money-losing company. Apple is already investing as much as it can in useful research and development, the company said Tuesday. “We know how much we need to invest in the business,” Maestri said in the conference call. “We will never underinvest in the business. We’re in a very fortunate position that we generate cash beyond the needs that we have.” Apple stashes nearly $240 billion of its cash offshore, out of reach of the IRS. Much of it will presumably return to the United States if the Trump administration lowers corporate tax rates, as it has proposed. Maestri said the company’s current plans for its cash reflect “the current tax legislation in this country, and there’s a lot that still needs to happen there, and we’ll see. Obviously, we will reassess our situation if things change.” Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst with Bernstein Research, said a favorable tax deal could add another $9 or so to Apple’s shares, which are trading at about $149. The expected redesign of the iPhone should also help the stock in the next several months, he said, because “we’ve found that Apple’s share price rises in the three to six months before the new phone comes out.” Apple stock is in that sweet spot now, he said. Like Damodaran, however, he remains skeptical about Apple’s longer-term growth prospects. “The company is so big that it takes a lot to move the needle for growth,” he said. Apple’s global base of iPhone users is growing ever larger, which implies rising income from music and apps and headphones and the like, and it’s even possible that the company will come up with a new Big Thing in technology. Even if it does not, he said, the share price is still attractive. Damodaran takes a more gimlet-eyed view. Back in February, when Apple shares were still trading at $130, he calculated Apple’s value based on metrics like cash flow and declared that the company was “fully deserving of its market value.” But when the stock price reached $140, he sold his own shares. “It’s still a great company,” he said in an interview. “But I don’t like the price.” It isn’t a crazy price, not if you expect that Apple will remain disciplined and highly profitable and, maybe, even have another growth spurt next year. But unless the old Apple magic returns, the company right now is not a bargain. Comments(0)Add Comments Can the Apple cash machine keep chugging? To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Apple plans to use micro-LED in 2017 Apple Watch 3 Will Apple be around in 2075? Ask IBM Why Apple is investing $148 billion in corporate debt Imagination Technologies starts dispute process with Apple READ MORE ONiPhoneGeneral Electriccash machineAT&TApple Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Ask for a Quote for a Gerber Life insurance Plan  Gerber Life Insurance Company Her Dress Dropped Jaws At The 2015 Met Gala StyleBistro If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The Jeans Girlfriends Are Obsessed With Right Now Chico's The 10 Most Comfortable Cars On The Market, All Under $30K Kelley Blue Book Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Work On The Toughest Part Of Your Job Microsoft Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Warren Buffett biggest regret: Not investing in this technology giant! This man made more money for Berkshire than Warren Buffett Jack Bogle who? Why Buffett is all praise for this mutual fund king Buffett Speak: The right culture self-selects its managers Buffett on airlines, IBM, tax losses & laxity at Wells Fargo More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Berkshire AGM 2017 BSE Sensex|DD vs MI Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harvey Nash Group plc (HVN) Insider Simon Wassall Acquires 201 Shares Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Stake Held by Trust Co. of Vermont TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Yellow Media Ltd. (Y) to Release Earnings on Monday Chuy's Holdings Inc (CHUY) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results La Quinta Holdings Inc (LQ) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.02 EPS PDL BioPharma Inc (PDLI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS IMPINJ Inc (PI) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.332 Million Position in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $26.086 Million Position in A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 15,800 Shares of Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $5,472,000 Stake in Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Increases Stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 20,000 Shares of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Sells 87,000 Shares of Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Meredith Co. (MDP) Insider Steven M. Cappaert Sells 2,195 Shares Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Insider Derek M. Dirisio Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Maple Leaf Foods Inc (MFI) Insider Lynda J. Kuhn Sells 600 Shares Moody's Co. (MCO) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB raised its position in Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 14.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 22,740 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 2,880 shares during the period. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB’s holdings in Bunge were worth $1,802,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in BG. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its position in Bunge by 5.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 80,124 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $4,746,000 after buying an additional 4,321 shares during the last quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in Bunge by 212.2% in the fourth quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 30,600 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $2,211,000 after buying an additional 20,800 shares during the last quarter. Comerica Bank boosted its position in Bunge by 107.3% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 13,246 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $912,000 after buying an additional 6,857 shares during the last quarter. DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in Bunge by 1.7% in the first quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 414,253 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $32,834,000 after buying an additional 7,100 shares during the last quarter. Finally, OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp boosted its position in Bunge by 120.5% in the third quarter. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp now owns 56,900 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $3,370,000 after buying an additional 31,100 shares during the last quarter. 78.49% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded down 0.37% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $69.53. 2,208,336 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.87 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge Ltd has a 12 month low of $56.69 and a 12 month high of $82.66. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $77.60 and its 200 day moving average price is $72.57. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The firm had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.96 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.41 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Bunge Ltd will post $6.12 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a dividend of $0.42 per share. This represents a $1.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.42%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio is currently 37.75%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/xact-kapitalforvaltning-ab-boosts-stake-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Bunge in a research report on Friday. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Bunge from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday. Stephens cut shares of Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Wednesday. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $76.14. In related news, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,531,891.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $440,284.65. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. About Bunge Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.332 Million Position in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $26.086 Million Position in A. O. Smith Corp (AOS) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 15,800 Shares of Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Has $5,472,000 Stake in Fomento Economico Mexicano SAB (FMX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Increases Stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 20,000 Shares of Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Sells 87,000 Shares of Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Meredith Co. (MDP) Insider Steven M. Cappaert Sells 2,195 Shares Public Service Enterprise Group Inc. (PEG) Insider Derek M. Dirisio Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Maple Leaf Foods Inc (MFI) Insider Lynda J. Kuhn Sells 600 Shares Moody's Co. (MCO) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Dollar General Corp. (DG) Share Price Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.26 Noble (NE) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Garmin (GRMN) Share Price Charles & Colvard (CTHR) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.10 SkyWest (SKYW) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Raymond James Financial (RJF) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) Receives $92.00 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Vantiv Inc (VNTV) Price Target at $64.75 Handelsbanken Fonder AB Increases Stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ACAD) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Handelsbanken Fonder AB raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) by 30.8% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 157,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after buying an additional 37,000 shares during the period. Handelsbanken Fonder AB owned 0.13% of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals worth $5,398,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of ACAD. Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 1.9% in the first quarter. Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. now owns 183,650 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $6,314,000 after buying an additional 3,370 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 5.6% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 396,646 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $13,636,000 after buying an additional 21,191 shares in the last quarter. American Century Companies Inc. raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 27.2% in the first quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 16,873 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $580,000 after buying an additional 3,610 shares in the last quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 8.4% in the first quarter. Geneva Advisors LLC now owns 18,002 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $619,000 after buying an additional 1,396 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. raised its stake in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals by 7.2% in the first quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 99,950 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $3,436,000 after buying an additional 6,675 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 98.25% of the company’s stock. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD) traded up 1.21% during trading on Friday, hitting $32.74. 865,958 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $33.85 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.56. The stock’s market capitalization is $3.97 billion. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. has a 1-year low of $20.68 and a 1-year high of $42.49. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ACAD) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 28th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.65) earnings per share for the quarter, hitting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.65). ACADIA Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 4,427.79% and a negative return on equity of 58.46%. The company had revenue of $12 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.05 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.45) EPS. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals’s quarterly revenue was up 70488.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. will post ($2.77) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/handelsbanken-fonder-ab-increases-stake-in-acadia-pharmaceuticals-inc-acad.html. ACAD has been the subject of a number of analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “buy” rating on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Vetr upgraded shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $35.23 price objective for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and set a $42.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Saturday, January 14th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $49.00 price objective on shares of ACADIA Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $41.66. In other ACADIA Pharmaceuticals news, EVP Terrence O. Moore sold 157,540 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.77, for a total value of $6,265,365.80. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. 21.65% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Company Profile ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of medicines for central nervous system (CNS) disorders. Its lead drug candidate, NUPLAZID (pimavanserin), is used for the treatment of hallucinations and delusions associated with Parkinson’s disease psychosis (PD Psychosis). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ACAD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:ACAD). Receive News & Ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Western Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Trust Co. of Vermont Has $147,000 Stake in Nordson Co. (NDSN) Interface, Inc. (TILE) Position Increased by Trust Co. of Vermont Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Purchases Shares of 15,555 Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Trust Co. of Vermont Cuts Stake in Atmos Energy Co. (ATO) Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Stake Cut by Trust Co. of Vermont Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Maintains Position in NCR Co. (NCR) Gargoyle Investment Advisor L.L.C. Has $701,000 Position in Transocean LTD (RIG) Comerica Bank Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Comerica Bank Has $8.833 Million Stake in Murphy Oil Co. (MUR) XCel Brands Inc (XELB) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday Black Diamond Inc (BDE) to Release Earnings on Monday Norsat International Inc (NSAT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.16 EPS DeVry Education Group Inc (DV) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Genpact Limited (G) Releases FY17 Earnings Guidance Continental Building Products Inc (CBPX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.06 EPS Blackline Inc (BL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Sophos Ltd (SOPH) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages KAZ Minerals PLC (KAZ) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Share Price Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell Comerica Bank Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Comerica Bank reduced its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) by 2.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 208,120 shares of the bank’s stock after selling 6,260 shares during the period. Comerica Bank owned 0.35% of Great Western Bancorp worth $8,972,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in GWB. Catalyst Capital Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Great Western Bancorp during the third quarter valued at approximately $100,000. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. boosted its stake in Great Western Bancorp by 92.7% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 3,296 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 1,586 shares during the period. Victory Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Great Western Bancorp by 4.7% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 3,347 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 151 shares during the period. Advisor Group Inc. boosted its stake in Great Western Bancorp by 8.0% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 3,383 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $113,000 after buying an additional 252 shares during the period. Finally, Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in Great Western Bancorp during the third quarter valued at approximately $123,000. Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) traded down 2.51% on Friday, hitting $41.16. The stock had a trading volume of 594,137 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of $41.98 and a 200 day moving average of $41.04. Great Western Bancorp Inc has a 12-month low of $29.31 and a 12-month high of $45.62. The company has a market capitalization of $2.42 billion, a PE ratio of 18.29 and a beta of 1.86. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.60 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.62 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $111.23 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $116.90 million. Great Western Bancorp had a net margin of 27.75% and a return on equity of 8.47%. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.55 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that Great Western Bancorp Inc will post $2.50 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Shareholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $0.20 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $0.80 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.94%. This is a boost from Great Western Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. Great Western Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio is 30.77%. WARNING: “Comerica Bank Lowers Position in Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/comerica-bank-lowers-position-in-great-western-bancorp-inc-gwb.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Great Western Bancorp from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $48.00 to $47.00 in a research note on Friday, April 28th. DA Davidson restated a “buy” rating and issued a $50.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and issued a $46.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Great Western Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, FBR & Co initiated coverage on Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $45.00. About Great Western Bancorp Great Western Bancorp, Inc is a full-service regional bank holding company. The Company is the holding company of the Great Western Bank (the Bank). As of September 30, 2016, the Company served customers through 173 branches in various markets in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GWB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB). Receive News & Ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ingles Markets Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingles Markets Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Share Price Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Quinpario Acquisition Corp (JASN) to Hold Cambiar Investors LLC Cuts Stake in Calgon Carbon Co. (CCC) Molina Healthcare, Inc. (MOH) Position Boosted by Cambiar Investors LLC Cambiar Investors LLC Increases Stake in Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Shares Bought by Renaissance Group LLC Brave Asset Management Inc. Invests $141,000 in Transocean LTD (RIG) Renaissance Group LLC Invests $420,000 in Corecivic Inc (CXW) Renaissance Group LLC Purchases 417 Shares of Norbord Inc. (OSB) Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Acquires New Position in Pentair plc. Ordinary Share (PNR) Renaissance Group LLC Acquires Shares of 4,644 Masonite International Corp (DOOR) Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Has $127,000 Position in Aratana Therapeutics Inc (PETX) Thor Mining Plc (THR) Insider Paul Johnson Purchases 500,000 Shares Aaron's, Inc. (AAN) CEO John W. Robinson Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Insider Les J. Lieberman Sells 12,153 Shares Genie Energy Ltd (GNE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Releases Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.07 EPS EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.22 EPS Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Ingles Markets, Incorporated (NASDAQ:IMKTA) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. According to Zacks, “Ingles Markets, Incorporated is a leading supermarket chain with operations in the southeastern United States. Ingles’ strategy is to locate its supermarkets primarily in suburban areas, small towns and rural communities, where management believes the market may be underserved by existing supermarkets. “ Ingles Markets, (NASDAQ:IMKTA) traded up 0.12% on Friday, hitting $41.90. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 57,338 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $44.61 and a 200-day moving average of $45.67. Ingles Markets, has a 12 month low of $35.77 and a 12 month high of $52.40. The stock has a market cap of $848.85 million, a PE ratio of 15.43 and a beta of 0.69. Ingles Markets, (NASDAQ:IMKTA) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported $0.68 EPS for the quarter. The business had revenue of $982.76 million for the quarter. Ingles Markets, had a return on equity of 11.04% and a net margin of 1.34%. On average, analysts expect that Ingles Markets, will post $2.75 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, April 13th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th were issued a dividend of $0.165 per share. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $0.66 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.58%. Ingles Markets,’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 24.26%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Lowers Ingles Markets, Incorporated (IMKTA) to Sell” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/zacks-investment-research-lowers-ingles-markets-incorporated-imkta-to-sell.html. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. River Road Asset Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 10.1% in the first quarter. River Road Asset Management LLC now owns 1,125,418 shares of the company’s stock worth $48,562,000 after buying an additional 103,181 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 1.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 303,597 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,602,000 after buying an additional 3,471 shares during the period. Burney Co. raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 14.5% in the fourth quarter. Burney Co. now owns 169,779 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,166,000 after buying an additional 21,563 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 5.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 127,118 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,485,000 after buying an additional 7,052 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Ingles Markets, by 6.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 114,475 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,526,000 after buying an additional 6,824 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 59.24% of the company’s stock. About Ingles Markets, Ingles Markets, Incorporated (Ingles) is a supermarket chain in the southeast United States. The Company’s segments include retail grocery and other. Its other segment consists of fluid dairy operations and shopping center rentals. As of September 24, 2016, the Company operated 201 supermarkets in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and Alabama. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ingles Markets, (IMKTA) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ingles Markets Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ingles Markets Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LKQ Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AT Bancorp Has $244,000 Position in EQT Co. (EQT) Athena Capital Advisors LLC Has $3,376,000 Stake in AstraZeneca plc (AZN) US Bancorp DE Sells 132,845 Shares of LKQ Co. (LKQ) Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. Cuts Position in UGI Corp (UGI) IPG Photonics Co. (IPGP) Shares Bought by US Bancorp DE New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Reduces Position in Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) EQT Co. (EQT) Stake Reduced by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Position Boosted by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $1.132 Million Position in Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc. (SNI) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.35 EPS Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Releases Earnings Results Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Control4 Corp (CTRL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance Antero Resources Corp (AR) to Release Earnings on Monday ICF International Inc (ICFI) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Mammoth Energy Services Inc (TUSK) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates Denbury Resources Inc. (DNR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Ares Management LP (ARES) Set to Announce Earnings on Monday Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages US Bancorp DE Sells 132,845 Shares of LKQ Co. (LKQ) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet US Bancorp DE lowered its stake in shares of LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) by 31.4% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 290,441 shares of the auto parts company’s stock after selling 132,845 shares during the period. US Bancorp DE owned approximately 0.09% of LKQ worth $8,501,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of LKQ. Princeton Alpha Management LP bought a new position in LKQ during the first quarter valued at $284,000. HPM Partners LLC bought a new position in LKQ during the first quarter valued at $311,000. Capital Fund Management S.A. bought a new position in LKQ during the first quarter valued at $2,311,000. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale raised its position in LKQ by 619.5% in the first quarter. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale now owns 81,901 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $2,433,000 after buying an additional 70,518 shares during the period. Finally, Montag A & Associates Inc. raised its position in LKQ by 3.5% in the first quarter. Montag A & Associates Inc. now owns 179,300 shares of the auto parts company’s stock valued at $5,248,000 after buying an additional 6,100 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 88.66% of the company’s stock. LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ) traded up 1.51% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $31.52. The company had a trading volume of 1,823,644 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $29.47 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.31. LKQ Co. has a one year low of $27.85 and a one year high of $36.35. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.06 and a beta of 0.51. LKQ (NASDAQ:LKQ) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The auto parts company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.46 by $0.03. LKQ had a net margin of 5.48% and a return on equity of 16.41%. The firm had revenue of $2.34 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.31 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.42 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 21.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that LKQ Co. will post $1.87 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/us-bancorp-de-sells-132845-shares-of-lkq-co-lkq.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on LKQ shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded LKQ from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday. FBR & Co reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $41.00 price objective (up from $40.00) on shares of LKQ in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price objective on shares of LKQ in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. William Blair reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of LKQ in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on LKQ in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $41.00 price objective on the stock. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $39.25. In other LKQ news, insider Robert L. Wagman sold 30,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, April 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.13, for a total transaction of $903,900.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 319,380 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,622,919.40. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Sukhpal S. Ahluwalia bought 1,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $31.46 per share, for a total transaction of $47,190.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 39,546 shares of company stock worth $1,206,038. Company insiders own 1.30% of the company’s stock. About LKQ LKQ Corporation (LKQ) is a distributor of vehicle products, including replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories, and automotive glass products. The Company’s segments include Wholesale-North America; Europe; Specialty, and Self Service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LKQ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for LKQ Co. (NASDAQ:LKQ). Receive News & Ratings for LKQ Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LKQ Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GasLog Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact StoneCastle Financial Corp (BANX) Stock Price Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LYG) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.23 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact GasLog (GLOG) Stock Price Regis (RGS) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.11 Entegris (ENTG) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Frontier Communications Corp (FTR) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Graco (GGG) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Terex Co. (TEX) Insider Acquires $12,513.28 in Stock California Resources Corp (CRC) Bonds Trading 2.8% Higher Shake Shack Inc (SHAK) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.02 EPS Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Monday Alterra Power Corp (AXY) to Release Earnings on Monday American Midstream Partners LP (AMID) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Monday Restaurant Brands International Inc (QSR) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.48 Per Share -$0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Connecture Inc (CNXR) This Quarter Hortonworks’ (HDP) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Drexel Hamilton Global Payments’ (GPN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at BMO Capital Markets EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Barclays PLC Noodles & Co (NDLS) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Cincinnati Financial (CINF) Given Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.37 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact GasLog (GLOG) Stock Price May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) have trended somewhat positive recently, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. GasLog earned a media sentiment score of 0.24 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media coverage about the shipping company an impact score of 87 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the news headlines that may have effected Alpha One’s scoring: GasLog Ltd. (NYSE:GLOG): How is this stock valued? – DARC News (darcnews.com) GasLog beats Street 1Q forecasts (finance.yahoo.com) GasLog Ltd Declares Dividend of $0.14 (GLOG) (americanbankingnews.com) GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.01 EPS (americanbankingnews.com) GasLog Ltd. Reports Financial Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 (feeds.benzinga.com) GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) traded up 5.36% during trading on Friday, reaching $13.75. The company had a trading volume of 1,003,997 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $1.11 billion. GasLog has a one year low of $11.07 and a one year high of $17.85. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $14.47 and a 200 day moving average price of $15.68. GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The shipping company reported $0.06 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.05 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $128.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $129.35 million. GasLog had a negative net margin of 10.57% and a negative return on equity of 0.14%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($0.09) EPS. Analysts expect that GasLog will post $0.32 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be given a $0.14 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. GasLog’s payout ratio is presently -74.67%. Several analysts recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research downgraded GasLog from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised GasLog from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their price target for the company from $12.00 to $14.00 in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Wells Fargo & Co raised GasLog from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $20.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 price target on shares of GasLog in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on GasLog in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $21.00 price target on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $19.43. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/somewhat-positive-press-coverage-very-likely-to-impact-gaslog-glog-stock-price.html. GasLog Company Profile GasLog Ltd. is an international owner, operator and manager of liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers. The Company provides support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. The Company’s owned consolidated fleet consists of 27 LNG carriers, including 22 ships in operation and five LNG carriers on order. Receive News & Ratings for GasLog Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Franks International NV Expected to Earn FY2020 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share (FI) FY2020 Earnings Forecast for Ferro Co. Issued By Gabelli (FOE) Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) FY2020 EPS Estimates for Armstrong Flooring Inc (AFI) Increased by Gabelli GWG Holdings (GWGH) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Golden Star Resources (GSS) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.38 Live Ventures (LIVE) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds LendingClub Corp (LC) Receives News Sentiment Score of 0.10 Lumentum Holdings (LITE) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.09 Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust Pioneer Diversified High Income Trust of Beneficial Interest (HNW) Earns Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.37 Green Bancorp (GNBC) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Manhattan Associates, Inc. (MANH) Stake Reduced by Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Has $10,822,000 Position in Aircastle Limited (AYR) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 918 Shares of KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Insider Charles A. Pearce Sells 4,000 Shares Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Acquires 3,330 Shares of MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings Inc (MTSI) Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Sells 37,146 Shares of Air Methods Corp (AIRM) Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) VP Sells $636,542.15 in Stock Insider Selling: World Fuel Services Corp (INT) Director Sells 13,000 Shares of Stock BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Position Increased by First Trust Advisors LP Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ:VNDA) – Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings cut their FY2020 EPS estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals in a research report issued on Tuesday. Oppenheimer Holdings analyst D. Archila now forecasts that the biopharmaceutical company will earn $0.34 per share for the year, down from their previous forecast of $0.35. Oppenheimer Holdings has a “Outperform” rating and a $21.00 price objective on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings also issued estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals’ FY2021 earnings at $0.83 EPS. Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.17) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.13) by $0.04. Vanda Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 23.07% and a negative return on equity of 16.13%. The firm earned $37.42 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $38.35 million. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Oppenheimer Holdings Brokers Lower Earnings Estimates for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. (VNDA)” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/oppenheimer-holdings-brokers-lower-earnings-estimates-for-vanda-pharmaceuticals-inc-vnda.html. A number of other equities analysts also recently commented on VNDA. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. CIBC reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Vanda Pharmaceuticals from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Vanda Pharmaceuticals has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $21.13. Vanda Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:VNDA) traded down 1.02% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $14.50. The stock had a trading volume of 434,883 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $14.28 and a 200-day moving average of $14.91. The firm’s market cap is $643.02 million. Vanda Pharmaceuticals has a 12-month low of $8.04 and a 12-month high of $18.00. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of VNDA. Capital One National Association bought a new position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth approximately $320,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals by 120.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 154,313 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $2,568,000 after buying an additional 84,401 shares during the last quarter. DIAM Co. Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth approximately $398,000. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals by 2.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 98,663 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,642,000 after buying an additional 1,907 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Vanda Pharmaceuticals by 4.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,591,102 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $26,476,000 after buying an additional 74,095 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 95.69% of the company’s stock. About Vanda Pharmaceuticals Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of therapies to address unmet medical needs. Its product portfolio includes HETLIOZ (tasimelteon), Fanapt (iloperidone), Tradipitant (VLY-686), Trichostatin A and AQW051. It offers HETLIOZ for the treatment of Non-24-Hour Sleep-Wake Disorder (Non-24). Receive News & Ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vanda Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Invesco Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 2,400 Shares of Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Reduces Stake in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $18.556 Million Position in Unum Group (UNM) Albert D Mason Inc. Buys 35 Shares of W W Grainger Inc (GWW) Centene Corp (CNC) Shares Bought by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $14.533 Million Position in Pinnacle West Capital Co. (PNW) Albert D Mason Inc. Has $504,000 Stake in Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Eagle Ridge Investment Management Has $638,000 Stake in Shire PLC (SHPG) IndexIQ Advisors LLC Increases Stake in EverBank Financial Corp (EVER) IndexIQ Advisors LLC Boosts Position in CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) IndexIQ Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Resource Capital Corp. (RSO) Donnelley Financial Solutions Inc (DFIN) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Dixie Group Inc (DXYN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.04 EPS FY2018 EPS Estimates for Eastman Chemical Company Increased by Jefferies Group (EMN) Civista Bancshares Inc (CIVB) Receives $21.42 Consensus Target Price from Analysts LogMeIn Inc (LOGM) Stock Price Up 7.3% on Earnings Beat Virtu Financial Inc (VIRT) Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.24 Analysts Set Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Price Target at $37.92 Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Trading 7.7% Higher Following Strong Earnings State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its position in shares of Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) by 0.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 599,370 shares of the asset manager’s stock after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System owned about 0.15% of Invesco worth $18,359,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in Invesco by 12.3% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 201,849 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $6,312,000 after buying an additional 22,153 shares during the last quarter. Conning Inc. boosted its position in Invesco by 0.9% in the third quarter. Conning Inc. now owns 9,965 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $312,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its position in Invesco by 2.0% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 370,487 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $11,571,000 after buying an additional 7,130 shares during the period. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. boosted its position in Invesco by 3.4% in the third quarter. Mitsubishi UFJ Kokusai Asset Management Co. Ltd. now owns 64,363 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $2,013,000 after buying an additional 2,113 shares during the period. Finally, DnB Asset Management AS boosted its position in Invesco by 7.2% in the third quarter. DnB Asset Management AS now owns 44,684 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $1,397,000 after buying an additional 3,000 shares during the period. 80.85% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ) traded down 0.09% on Friday, reaching $32.38. 1,475,432 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $31.17 and its 200 day moving average is $31.07. Invesco Ltd. has a 52 week low of $23.01 and a 52 week high of $33.47. The firm has a market capitalization of $13.08 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.70 and a beta of 1.82. Invesco (NYSE:IVZ) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.61 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.56 by $0.05. Invesco had a return on equity of 11.79% and a net margin of 18.04%. The business earned $1.19 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts expect that Invesco Ltd. will post $2.48 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be given a dividend of $0.29 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. This is an increase from Invesco’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.58%. Invesco’s payout ratio is currently 54.63%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Acquires 300 Shares of Invesco Ltd. (IVZ)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/state-board-of-administration-of-florida-retirement-system-acquires-300-shares-of-invesco-ltd-ivz.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the stock. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on shares of Invesco from $32.00 to $33.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Invesco from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded shares of Invesco from a “neutral” rating to a “conviction-buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $30.00 to $37.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating on shares of Invesco in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on shares of Invesco to $33.00 in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Invesco has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $35.20. In other news, insider Philip Taylor sold 60,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $32.40, for a total transaction of $1,944,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 146,222 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,737,592.80. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Insiders own 1.90% of the company’s stock. About Invesco Invesco Ltd. (Invesco) is an independent investment management company. The Company provides a range of investment capabilities and outcomes, which are delivered through a set of investment vehicles, to help clients achieve their investment objectives. It has a presence in the retail and institutional markets within the investment management industry in North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and Asia-Pacific. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IVZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Invesco Ltd. (NYSE:IVZ). Receive News & Ratings for Invesco Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Invesco Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Array Biopharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cabot Corp (CBT) to Hold Trillium Asset Management LLC Sells 1,695 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.786 Million Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 139,385 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) El Paso Electric Company (EE) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) to “Buy” Kinross Gold Co. (K) PT Raised to C$5.50 at TD Securities MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stock Price Up 8.2% on Earnings Beat Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) Stock Price Up 16.3% on Earnings Beat Achillion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ACHN) Trading Up 7.8% After Strong Earnings Applied Optoelectronics Inc (AAOI) Trading Up 19.5% Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Herbalife Ltd. (HLF) Sees Large Volume Increase After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Universal Display Co. (OLED) Sees Large Volume Increase After Dividend Announcement Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Retrophin Inc (RTRX) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.23 EPS Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Chicago Equity Partners LLC cut its position in shares of Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY) by 22.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 413,530 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock after selling 119,470 shares during the period. Chicago Equity Partners LLC owned about 0.24% of Array Biopharma worth $3,697,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of ARRY. Highbridge Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Array Biopharma by 314.4% in the third quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 144,790 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $977,000 after buying an additional 109,852 shares during the period. Iguana Healthcare Management LLC acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $1,350,000. Sphera Funds Management LTD. acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $6,075,000. Laurion Capital Management LP acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $1,013,000. Finally, Princeton Alpha Management LP acquired a new stake in Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth $285,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 88.58% of the company’s stock. Shares of Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY) traded down 2.31% during trading on Friday, reaching $7.18. The company had a trading volume of 3,052,482 shares. Array Biopharma Inc has a 12 month low of $2.70 and a 12 month high of $13.40. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $8.76 and its 200-day moving average price is $9.05. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.21 billion. Array Biopharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.14) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of ($0.18) by $0.04. The company had revenue of $44.50 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $31.90 million. The business’s revenue was up 25.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned ($0.17) earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Array Biopharma Inc will post ($0.71) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/chicago-equity-partners-llc-has-3-697-million-position-in-array-biopharma-inc-arry.html. ARRY has been the subject of several research reports. Cowen and Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $15.00 price objective (up from $10.00) on shares of Array Biopharma in a report on Friday, February 10th. Leerink Swann cut Array Biopharma from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $11.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, January 30th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr raised Array Biopharma from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $9.99 price objective for the company in a report on Monday, March 13th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price objective on Array Biopharma from $8.00 to $13.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Array Biopharma from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $10.00 price objective for the company. in a report on Friday, February 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $11.19. In other news, Director Charles M. Baum sold 25,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $9.27, for a total transaction of $231,750.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $278,100. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Company insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. About Array Biopharma Array BioPharma Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer. The Company’s programs include approximately three cancer drugs, binimetinib, encorafenib and selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca, PLC). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ARRY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY). Receive News & Ratings for Array Biopharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tenneco Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenneco Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Issued By Gabelli Gabelli Comments on Waddell & Reed Financial, Inc.’s FY2018 Earnings (WDR) Analysts Issue Forecasts for Atlantic Gold Corp’s FY2018 Earnings (AGB) Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc Expected to Post FY2018 Earnings of $6.28 Per Share (MAA) 8×8, Inc. to Post FY2018 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (EGHT) Mosaic Capital Corp Expected to Earn FY2018 Earnings of $0.47 Per Share (M) First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Given Hold Rating at Stephens InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Cabot Corp (CBT) to Hold Trillium Asset Management LLC Sells 1,695 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) ICU Medical, Incorporated (ICUI) Shares Sold by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.697 Million Position in Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $3.786 Million Position in Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 139,385 Shares of Unum Group (UNM) Pillar Pacific Capital Management LLC Increases Stake in Integra Lifesciences Holdings Corp (IART) El Paso Electric Company (EE) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Upgrades EPAM Systems Inc (EPAM) to “Buy” Kinross Gold Co. (K) PT Raised to C$5.50 at TD Securities MRC Global Inc (MRC) Stock Price Up 8.2% on Earnings Beat FY2018 Earnings Forecast for Tenneco Inc (TEN) Issued By Gabelli May 5th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Tenneco Inc (NYSE:TEN) – Research analysts at Gabelli cut their FY2018 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Tenneco in a report released on Tuesday. Gabelli analyst B. Sponheimer now forecasts that the auto parts company will earn $7.20 per share for the year, down from their previous estimate of $7.50. Gabelli also issued estimates for Tenneco’s FY2019 earnings at $8.15 EPS, FY2020 earnings at $9.25 EPS and FY2021 earnings at $10.45 EPS. Tenneco (NYSE:TEN) last announced its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The auto parts company reported $1.53 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.43 by $0.10. Tenneco had a net margin of 4.22% and a return on equity of 57.04%. The business earned $2.29 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.24 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.17 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/05/fy2018-earnings-forecast-for-tenneco-inc-ten-issued-by-gabelli.html. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on TEN. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on shares of Tenneco from $68.00 to $70.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc downgraded shares of Tenneco from a “positive” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC lifted their price objective on shares of Tenneco to $67.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Morgan Stanley reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $140.00 price objective (up from $130.00) on shares of Tenneco in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG lifted their price objective on shares of Tenneco from $75.00 to $78.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Tenneco has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.14. Shares of Tenneco (NYSE:TEN) traded down 0.54% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $57.58. 811,158 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $61.26 and a 200-day moving average price of $62.00. Tenneco has a 12-month low of $44.55 and a 12-month high of $70.96. The company has a market cap of $3.13 billion, a PE ratio of 8.94 and a beta of 1.93. In other Tenneco news, VP John E. Kunz sold 3,880 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.79, for a total transaction of $255,265.20. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 26,130 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,719,092.70. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Gregg M. Sherrill sold 78,799 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $64.52, for a total transaction of $5,084,111.48. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 318,855 shares in the company, valued at $20,572,524.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 92,257 shares of company stock worth $5,954,859 over the last 90 days. 4.30% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in TEN. James Investment Research Inc. increased its stake in Tenneco by 8.1% in the third quarter. James Investment Research Inc. now owns 20,470 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $1,193,000 after buying an additional 1,540 shares during the period. Chicago Equity Partners LLC bought a new stake in Tenneco during the third quarter worth approximately $1,640,000. Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. bought a new stake in Tenneco during the third quarter worth approximately $1,671,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Tenneco by 157.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 100,629 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $5,863,000 after buying an additional 61,505 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Tenneco by 22.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 61,671 shares of the auto parts company’s stock worth $3,593,000 after buying an additional 11,147 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 98.23% of the company’s stock. About Tenneco Tenneco Inc is a producer of clean air and ride performance products and systems for light vehicle, commercial truck, off-highway and other vehicle applications. The Company designs, manufactures and distributes highly engineered products for both original equipment vehicle manufacturers (OEMs) and the repair and replacement markets, or aftermarket, across the world. Receive News & Ratings for Tenneco Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tenneco Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Investing and Wall Street commentary from CNBC's Jim Cramer Don't wait for Washington, watch earnings You have to be on drugs to understand Tesla's business Two rival forces pushing an anxious market higher The 4 ways to boost stocks amid political uncertainty Cramer: Disney, Apple and the fate of FANG The truth about Apple ahead of its earnings report Oil's 'false tell' could set off a market-changing domino effect How Trump's tax cuts will impact your investments Charts show the market is not done going higher Trump tax cuts are not the driving force behind this rally This one investing strategy has never failed Cramer's game plan: Don't wait for Washington, watch earnings 1 / 11 CNBC Elizabeth Gurdus 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL This one investing strategy has never failed You have to be on drugs to understand Tesla's business Click to expand Replay Video How much are Trump's weekend trips costing? This weekend President Trump is working from his New Jersey golf club as taxpayers pick up the tab. Since the election, all of Donald Trump's weekend trips are taxpayer funded. Trump tweeted that he was spending the weekend in Bedminster, New Jersey to "avoid a big disruption" in New York City. He also said it "saves the country money" for him to get away. It's true that security is cheaper at his New Jersey home but it still costs residents a price. Wochit News Calif. regulations for recreational pot would limit potency, restrict access Six months after voters legalized marijuana, the state has released the first draft of regulations set to take effect Jan. 1. Peter Daut reports. CBS Los Angeles Unemployment rate at lowest in 10 years America's job market rebounded in April as employers added 211,000 jobs to the economy. CNN Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Don't wait for Washington, watch earnings CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next How much are Trump's weekend trips costing? Wochit News0:49 Calif. regulations for recreational pot would limit potency, restrict accessCBS Los Angeles2:12 Unemployment rate at lowest in 10 years CNN Money2:46 Why is Zuckerberg acting like he's running for president? CNN Money2:17 American Airlines' economy class is about to get more cramped Newsy1:14 Gin recalled for having too much alcohol Veuer0:46 Model 3: The key to Tesla's future? The Wall Street Journal.2:15 Tim Cook says iPhone rumor mill hurt sales Wochit Tech0:31 Eagles sue Hotel California Reuters1:10 This tech could save the construction industry $100 billion The Wall Street Journal.2:05 See the massive drill tunneling a subway under LA CNN Money1:09 Got a Google Docs invite? Don't click it. For now. The Washington Post1:04 Here are the new Superchargers Tesla is adding in 2017 Business Insider1:11 Collecting on your ex's Social Security CNBC1:50 Woman eats $7,000 in cash Veuer0:41 Is influencer marketing just a fad or here to stay? Forbes1:11 UP NEXT With the House of Representatives passing a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare and the Labor Department releasing a very strong jobs report, Jim Cramer would think the market should be higher. Quotes in the article International Flavors & Fragrances Inc IFF ▲ 139.27 +0.80 +0.58% Walt Disney Co DIS ▲ 111.99 +0.82 +0.74% Whole Foods Market Inc WFM ▲ 36.87 +0.19 +0.52% Snap Inc SNAP ▲ 23.19 +0.60 +2.66% AdChoices But the "Mad Money" host has noticed a split between people who feel that the economy is sluggish due to weakness in commodities and retail and those who take the jobs number as a sign of things picking up. "What could tip things in favor of the bulls? If the White House and Congress can come together on some kind of tax reform. This market would roar if they would pass what our president describes as the biggest tax cut in history, although maybe you've noticed that he has a tendency to use hyperbole," Cramer said. "But truthfully, all he has to do is get Congress to approve a tax holiday on the repatriation of overseas capital and we could have another leg up." The market is still skeptical of Washington as the earnings tidal wave continues. With that in mind, here are the stocks and events on Cramer's radar next week: © Provided by CNBC Monday: Warren Buffett, Newell Brands, International Flavors & Fragrances Warren Buffett: CNBC's Becky Quick will interview the Oracle of Omaha on "Squawk Box" at 6 a.m. ET Monday, and Cramer is eager to see what Buffett will reveal about his latest investments. "Expect some positives on the airlines and some talk about how he wants to do big deals because everything's so fabulous out there," Cramer said. "I wonder what he'll say about Coca-Cola (KO)'s (KO) transition — you know, they've got a new CEO. How about the leadership at Wells Fargo (WFC)? What's he going to do about that?" "Otherwise, if you want to do some selling, do it at the end of the day as Buffett's aura usually lasts about 24 hours," he added. Newell Brands (NWL): Cramer's charitable trust, ActionAlertsPlus, has been scaling back on its shares of Newell because of reduced traffic at retailers of the consumer goods company's products. Read more from Jim Cramer and other top money experts The "Mad Money" host is looking forward to the company's earnings call and hopes to hear positive rhetoric about its international business and its recent merger with Jarden. "It could be a reset quarter for Newell, but then again, if there's enough innovation, it might transcend the declining sales venues. Is it too early to find out if Jarden's really helping, with its pastiche of brands for everything from outdoors to home appliances to class rings, or did Newell pay too much given declining store traffic? We'll certainly know soon enough," Cramer said. International Flavors & Fragrances (IFF): Cramer is a fan of the fragrance giant, and expects a sweet earnings report after Monday's closing bell. "This is a creative company that's been around forever and, by the way, it's been a good buy forever," he said. Tuesday: Walt Disney Company, The Priceline Group, Nvidia Walt Disney (DIS): The entertainment giant reports after the close, and despite Wall Street's recent bearishness on the viability of Disney's ESPN business, Cramer is not changing his bullish outlook on the stock. "Disney's a buy given its fabulous movie schedule and robust theme parks. I think [CEO Bob] Iger's conscious of ESPN's positioning and will be able to spin it in a positive and believable way," Cramer said. Priceline (PCLN): The experiential economy should support Priceline's Tuesday earnings, even if it sells off after the report. "I have to believe that the online travel strength will be just as self-evident with Priceline which, by the way, has a stock that often sells off when it reports only to rise back up after some churning," Cramer said. Nvidia (NVDA): When competitor Advanced Micro Devices reported a not-so-strong quarter this week, its stock got hammered. Cramer wonders if the same thing will happen to Nvidia. "I think the company's business, whether it be gaming or data center or autonomous cars, is very strong. I just don't know how weak the hands are of those who own the stock," Cramer said. "I expect good things from Nvidia, but so does everybody else." Wednesday: Norwegian Cruise Line, Whole Foods, Snap Norwegian Cruise Line (NCLH): Another experiential name will report before Wednesday's opening bell, and Cramer thinks this might be the best quarterly report of the week. "Cruise companies have been putting up fantastic numbers. They're the ultimate in experiential fare," he said. Whole Foods (WFM): "I think the challenge to Whole Foods is real and the desire to put the company in play is serious enough that it might be addressed head-on and harshly by the very tough CEO, John Macke," Cramer said. Snap (SNAP): Cramer believes the stock has been ticking up on solid ad numbers, and is curious about what its first earnings report as a public company will bring. "Snap's setting itself up as a trade into the numbers if it stays right here or goes a little bit lower, but that could be a hard task because it seems to be climbing. The competitive business at Instagram is smoking. Let's see if there's room for both," Cramer said. Thursday: Macy's (M), Kohl's (KSS) Cramer is embracing the view of JPMorgan retail analyst Matthew Boss that retail hit a trough in February, which makes the "Mad Money" host more optimistic for the earnings reports from these major retailers. "Remember, the latter is less a function of the mall and instead a function of the strip," he said of Kohl's. "It's reliable, it's cheap, has a large dividend, big buyback — all covered." Friday: JC Penney (JCP) Cramer bets this department store player's earnings report could show some improvement, but worries Thursday's reports from Macy's and Kohl's could steal the spotlight — and some upside. "As the market fights through earnings period, investors await the president's real plan on taxes and a potential meeting of the minds with Congress," Cramer said. "If something happens — anything, really — the animal spirits could come roaring back in the economy and the stock market. But let me let you in on something: if you hear two words, 'border' and 'tax,' it could be a very long set of months before anything gets done." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Cramer: How to play anticipation ahead of the jobs report CNBC Intel CEO Brian Krzanich says this is the best time in history to buy a PC CNBC Cramer: You have to be on drugs to understand Tesla's business CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Business Politics Technology The Players Sign In/Up Levin Report Janet Yellen Steals Ivanka Trump’s Thunder Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Levin Report Janet Yellen Steals Ivanka Trump’s Thunder The Federal Reserve chair makes the case that higher pay and more flexibility for women is exactly what the economy needs. by Bess LevinMay 5, 2017 6:42 pm Email Facebook Twitter “No! Those are my talking-points,” we’re sure the First Daughter wanted to scream. By Win McNamee/Getty Images. If you’ve been following this week’s health-care news, you might get the impression that congressional Republicans hate women, what with the bill they passed Thursday that could classify conditions stemming from rape and sexual assault, C-sections, and postpartum depression as costly pre-existing conditions, and could allow many states to increase the cost of run-of-the-mill pregnancies. Unfortunately, according to Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen, ladies are the key to spurring economic growth, something most conservatives would agree the U.S. needs and which Donald Trump has promised will occur, under his watch, at a rate of 3 to 4 percent a year. In a speech at Brown University on Friday, Yellen cited a World Bank report that estimates that “increasing the female participation [in the work force] to that of men would raise our gross domestic product by 5 percent,” Bloomberg reports. To get more women working, Yellen said there must be “more flexibility to help women balance professional and family life,” something First Daughter Ivanka Trump says she’s working on in her pro-family bildungsroman, Women Who Work, in bookstores this week. Yellen, stealing a bit of Ivanka’s thunder, suggested “flexible work arrangements, affordable child care, and paid family leave” would go a long way toward increasing the share of female workers. (“Plagiarist!”, we imagine Trump wanted to scream when she heard about the speech, before composing herself and smoothing the two hairs she allowed to get out of place during the momentary outburst.) “If these obstacles persist, we will squander the potential of many of our citizens and incur a substantial loss to the productive capacity of our economy at a time when the aging of the population and weak productivity growth are already weighing on economic growth,” she noted. Of course, for a government that thinks it’s fair to make women pay possibly as much as $17,000 to have a baby, instituting policies like affordable child care and family leave seem about as likely as Donald Trump agreeing to go on a social-media diet. So baby steps are probably the best we can hope for. If you would like to receive the Levin Report in your inbox daily, click here to subscribe. Strong jobs report may undermine Trump’s argument for massive tax cuts About a week and a half ago—though it feels like 10 years in Trump Time—Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn unveiled the administration’s tax plan. Rushed out so that the president could make good on his deadline, the one-page, double-spaced outline essentially just said “Tax cuts!” over and over again in 12-point font. Since then, Mnuchin, Cohn, and Trump have been making the rounds claiming that massive tax cuts are necessary to boost wage growth. But today’s solid jobs report, which put unemployment at 4.4 percent, may hurt that argument. Per Bloomberg: With unemployment at its lowest rate since before the financial crisis, the world’s biggest economy may already be nearing top speed. That means a big fiscal boost resulting from tax changes could stoke inflation to levels that would prompt the Federal Reserve to raise borrowing rates faster than anticipated. If that happens, Trump’s ambitious growth goals could be jeopardized. Cohn along with other administration officials say their plans to revise the tax system, cut regulatory red tape, and negotiate better trade deals will convince more companies to stay or return to the U.S., spur more higher-paying jobs, and ultimately increase consumer spending. They say that will help to lift economic growth to 3 percent within two years, a rate not seen on an annual basis in more than a decade. Can the economy grow at that rate without overheating? We’re sure Steve Bannon can’t wait to find out. London bankers’ no good very bad bonus season The devolution of the United Kingdom into a backward, isolationist hinterland continues unabated, notwithstanding the potential nuptials of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle. That alone should be reason enough for London bankers to be crying over tea and biscuits—the ones whose jobs haven’t already been shipped to Frankfurt—but the news gets worse still: in an already dismal year, we now hear that British banks are paying out less than stellar bonuses. According to the results of a survey by Emolument.com, nearly 61 percent of Deutsche Bank’s London bankers were “dissatisfied with their bonuses, followed by 52 percent at Credit Suisse, and 50 percent at BNP Parisbas.” Unhappiness, with variable pay for London bankers at Société Générale, HSBC, Citigroup, and Goldman Sachs came in at 47 percent, 47 percent, 47 percent, and 46 percent, respectively. Thirty percent of JP Morgan’s London bankers, who were the most happy with their pay overall, reported being “unhappy” with the number their boss’s wrote down on a sheet of paper and slid across the table. If you see a City banker this weekend, give him or her a hug; they need it. Jeff Bezos dumps millions of Amazon shares to go to space The Amazon founder, who said in April that he has been selling “about $1 billion of Amazon stock a year” to fund space exploration company Blue Origin, cashed out another $941 million worth of stock this week, according to a Thursday filing. That may seem like a lot, but Bezos is well on his way to becoming a trillionaire, so to him it’s more like digging some change out of his couch cushions. Area man puts more thought into getting a front-row seat at the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting than most people put into naming their children Preston Pysh, amazingly, is not alone in his dedication. Per the Wall Street Journal: Recently he sent detailed instructions to [his podcast] listeners who plan to attend the annual meeting, complete with a map showing where to gather at 4:50 A.M. on Saturday, to beat the 5 A.M. crowd. “Walk (run) right until you get to a set of stairs,” the manual says. “Go up the stairs.” He insists that even with those directions, the group’s preferred seats are in a secret location. “It’s physically taxing to get to that area,” he said, so attendees who aren’t part of his group are unlikely to find the spot. “It’s 100 percent legitimate, but it’s not a way somebody would want to go.” This chaotic sprint, which some have dubbed the “billionaires’ dash,” shows no signs of fading—even if arena security isn’t happy about it. “We do not allow running for safety reasons,” a spokeswoman for the CenturyLink Center said. “We keep a close eye on venue entry . . . As people enter, our staff is there to kindly remind people of this rule.” Elsewhere! “50 Cent” trading mystery focuses on $20bn London fund (Financial Times) Virtu CEO Aims to Be the Good Guy of High-Speed Trading (W.S.J.) Uber’s P.R. Nightmare Now Includes a Criminal Probe (The Hive) Paul Singer's Flagship Fund Said to Raise $5 Billion in 24 Hours (Bloomberg) Warren Buffett sells a third of I.B.M. stake, marking it “downward”(Reuters) Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? (Bloomberg) Fyre Festival Organizers Almost Got $25 Million Days Before Doomed Event (The Hive) Goldman’s Blankfein Warns on Brexit Risks to London (W.S.J.) Share Email Facebook Twitter YOU MIGHT LIKE Ivanka’s Family ValuesVanity Fair The Chair of the Federal Reserve Just Fact-Shamed Donald TrumpVanity Fair Donald Trump Versus the WindVanity Fair Exclusive: Joe and Mika Are Getting HitchedVanity Fair The 15 Most Absurd Slides from the Fyre Festival Pitch DeckVanity Fair Exclusive: The Leaked Fyre Festival Pitch Deck Is Beyond ParodyVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATED SEEK Ivanka’s Family ValuesBY EMILY JANE FOX SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
