Monday, November 21, 2016 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT BizHive  Success snowballs for KTC in East Malaysia November 20, 2016, Sunday Sharon Kong bizhive@theborneopost.com It all began with a small sundry shop It can be said that most, if not all, entrepreneurial stories have humble beginnings. For Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Bhd (KTC), one of the first tier provider of market access and coverage in distribution of consumer packaged goods (CPG) in East Malaysia, it all began in 1938 when Datuk Lau Yeong Ching first started a small sundry shop in Sabah. In an exclusive interview with BizHive Weekly, group executive director Dexter Lau revealed that his aforementioned late grandfather was an ambitious and disciplined man who practiced and preached strong principles of integrity and ethics; as the well-respected man he was and in business. “Kim Teck Cheong’s business philosophy of achieving business success and continuity through integrity and ethical business practices that KTC was built upon since its establishment, is engraved in our company name – Kim (prosperity), Teck (moral principles) and Cheong (expansion),” Dexter told in an exclusive interview. According to Dexter, it was in 1946 when the KTC family-run business moved on to expand and open up a departmental store in Kota Kinabalu. Dexter highlighted that in 1967, KTC’s current group managing director and son of the late Yeong Ching – Datuk Lau Kok Sing joined the business and has been instrumental to the business direction and growth of the group. “In 1975, the company incorporated KTC Sdn Bhd and diversified its business into the provision of market access and coverage of CPG  of third party brands – initially with personal care products in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah only,” he said. “From 1978 onwards, the company expanded quite rapidly into the distribution industry with an increasing portfolio of prominent third party brands and extended market access across East Malaysia.” Dexter himself joined the family business in 2003 upon graduation from university. He explained that he saw the need in the organisation to have better stipulated management processes and compliances, so as to better manage the company’s direction, efficiency and proper control of the company as it grows. “The business had been around for over 70 years and I understood that branding was an imperative element that contributed to the success of the company,” he said. “Hence, we saw a need to also rebrand the company and transform it into a dynamic and progressive organisation that attracts and utilises a high calibre work force and business infrastructure.” “It also meant in order to maintain our competitiveness and operation strength we had to keep up with today’s advancing technology and management structures – for example information technology (IT) systems and the cloud platform.”   Strong distribution game On how KTC ventured into the distribution business, Dexter highlighted that his father, Kok Sing, made this strategic move – when he observed market opportunities and growth potential during the 1970’s amidst a slowing economy. At that time, Kok Sing had realised that he had to devise a new business strategy in order to overcome the economic challenges and sustain the company’s long-term growth. “Armed with a new game plan, he converted the then prominent retail outlet and departmental store to a fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) distribution and trading business that included logistic management,” Dexter said. “Datuk Lau’s bold move paid off and business expanded beyond Kota Kinabalu to the towns of Tawau, Sandakan and Labuan.” Kok Sing also managed to secure several major distributorships, that paved the way for KTC to become the success that it is today. KTC mainly distributes products that are staples in every household such as personal care products, household products, babycare products, food and beverage (F&B) products and over the counter (OTC) drugs and health supplements. “Hence, these are inelastic products that are less susceptible to gradual increases in prices and are consumed regardless of the economic environment,” Dexter said. “The economy has affected consumer spending over the last year and has indirectly reflected a slight slow down to our sales as a group; but with that said our business model with strong independent relations directly with brands owners enables us to mitigate and stabilize these scenarios across the panel and maintain profitability.” KTC is currently distributing over 200 third party brands from approximately 40 brand owners. Some of the more prominent brands that the group distributes include Coca Cola, Horlicks, L’Oreal, Kimberley Clarke, Procter and Gamble (P&G), Pantene, Shiseido, Tefal and many more. Today, KTC has 7,087 distribution points covering 84 districts in East Malaysia and 21 distribution centers and warehousing facilities.   KTC venturing into manufacturing Recently, KTC took it upon itself to venture into its own brands and bakery products as the group saw it as a good business opportunity that will enable it to provide the products that it does not already have. According to Dexter, the products under KTC’s brand complements the group’s product portfolio whilst at the same time it is focused on items that are not so brand sensitive within the targeted consumer market. KTC’s manufacturing is purely focused in bakery products under the group’s own house brand Creamos. The entire process from dough pressing, moulding, slicing, filling and automated packaging are carried out at the group’s own facility in Kota Kinabalu. K TC’s current manufacturing facility sits on 1.87 acres of land with a total built up area of approximately 20,596 sq ft. The group’s bakery products include bread rolls (with flavoured cream fillers), sandwich loaf, chiffon cupcakes, soya milk and cream crackers. KTC’s bakery products are distributed and sold in Sabah and Labuan, which are made available at various retail outlets, hypermarkets, supermarkets, sundry shops, convenience stores, petrol kiosk, Chinese medical halls and school canteens. “We do not have any concrete plans to expand or add new manufacturing facilities at this time,” Dexter affirmed. In addition to Creamos, KTC also has Orie, which is the group’s own brand of CPG. The group basically sources for finished products from external manufacturers locally and overseas and then pack these under its own brand Orie. KTC currently carries 39 products under its Orie brand which consists of beverages, chilled, frozen and dry foods. In its Annual Report for 2016, it was revealed by KTC that the strategy in establishing its own brand of CPG is to optimise the group’s existing network and to complement its existing range of products that it is not distributing for third party brands owners. KTC’s CPG brands are currently distributed in Sabah, Sarawak and Labuan.   Expansion mode on KTC is recognised and acknowledged for its high level of efficiency and productivity testified by the group’s long standing working relationships with industry giants such as P&G (over 20 years), Wipro Unza (over 20 years) amongst others. Dexter noted that this led KTC to become a preferred and ambitious choice of career within the industry, as well as an ideal business partner to suppliers and customers nationwide. “Being one of the top first tier distributors in Sabah, our competitive edge lies in our capability in providing coverage for wide range of products and recognisable brands, our wide distribution network, established track record, economies of scale and the collective experience of our directors and management personnel,” he enthused. KTC has to date, expanded beyond Sabah to its neighbouring state, Sarawak and is taking a global step of outreaching to Brunei Darussalam. According to Dexter, expanding into Sarawak was a part of KTC’s long term business plans to further extend the group’s presence and strengthen its distribution network. “After doing the necessary homework and were confident that we were able to replicate our success in Sarawak, KTC acquired KH Enterprise Sdn Bhd (now known as KTC Sarawak) in Sibu, Sarawak in September 2013. “Today, we have three distribution centres in Sarawak itself to support our business operations,” he said. KTC’s expansion plans that the group had set out for during its listing have been progressively realised, Dexter affirmed. He emphasised that for now, KTC needs to focus on its business executions and continue in delivering quality and efficiency with the group’s operations and client servicing. “The management is also working on evaluating and rationalising our product portfolio to ensure that we are maximising our resources and profit generation,” Dexter said. Given the group’s recent ventures into Sarawak and Brunei and acquisition, KTC is now focusing on the operations there first and ensuring its success. “Additionally, we see that there are still plenty of low hanging fruits within East Malaysia and Brunei that we can capitalise on,” he added. Since its listing in November 2015 to date, KTC has increased capacity in five key areas in the region. In Sarawak alone, the group has increased Sibu capacity from 8,000 square feet (sq ft) to 35,000 sq ft, opened up a 10,000 sq ft facilitiy in Bintulu, increased capacity in Miri from 10,000 sq ft to 43,000 sq ft and increased the square footage in Kuching from 7,000 to 40,000. Over in Sabah, KTC expanded capacity in Kota Kinabalu from 105,000 sq ft to 150,000 sq ft. Dexter pointed out that throughout the calendar year of 2016, KTC has successfully completed the acquisition of Popular Trading (Borneo) Corporation Bhd (Popular Trading) while the proposed acquisitions of Trans Paint Sdn Bhd (Trans Paint) and Grandtop Marketing Sdn Bhd (Grandtop Marketing) is expected to be completed by the year end. Kok Sing remarked in the group’s annual report 2016 that the completed acquisition of 100 per cent quity interest in Popular Trading May 2016 was a synergistic buy for KTC as the former complemented and further cemented the group’s existing distribution business in East Malaysia thereby allowing KTC to further expand into Sarawak. “Popular Trading brings 48 years of solid industry track record in the line of distribution and wholesale trading,” he opined. He added that the seamless merger of both the companies’ business infrastructure and resources provided immediate enlargement to KTC’s business scale and market share in Sarawak. As for Trans Paint, KTC had entered into a share sale and purchase agreement in September 2016 in relation to the acquisition of 100 per cent equity interest in Trans Paint which is the sole registered and beneficial owner of a warehousing facility located in Kuching. Once the acquisition is completed, KTC will use the warehousing facilities to support the group’s expanding operations in tandem with its business growth in Sarawak. “This additional warehousing facilities and office would have a built-up area of approximately 39,000 sq ft and 6,000 sq ft respectively,” Kok Sing said. On another note, Kok Sing revealed that the group had entered into an agreement which enabled it to hold 60 per cent equity interest in Grandtop Marketing, an existing distributor of CPG covering a range of F&B products, personal care and household products in Brunei to address opportunities in this market. Upon completion, Grandtop Marketing will be KTC’s first business venture outside of East Malaysia. “The acquisition will provide KTC with immediate penetration into the Brunei market with over 600 sales and distribution points, supported by ready business infrastructure and warehousing facilities,” he said. “Grandtop Marketing not only extends the KTC’s business footprint outside of East Malaysia but it also adds multiple brands to our brand portfolio of Milo, Kit Kat, Maggi, Nestle, Crunch, Silky Girl, Revlon, Ngan Yin Cap Tangan and many more.” Moving ahead, KTC is optimistic that the group can maintain a favourable and positive performance with its newly appointed distribution contracts from SCGM Bhd (SCGM), Anakku Sdn Bhd (Anakku), Marigold and Procter & Gamble (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (P&G). “The extended distribution contract to Sarawak and Brunei with P&G has placed KTC as the largest partner in the region,” Dexter said, adding that KTC has been working with P&G for over 30 years and has been distributing its products in Sabah and Labuan. Performance over the past year Despite there being no comparative figures from previous financial years given that this is KTC’s first consolidated results being announced in compliance with the ACE Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia, the group managed to record a revenue of RM341.13 million and a profit after tax of RM1.93 million for the financial year ended (FYE) June 30, 2016. According to Kok Sing’s statement in the annual report, KTC’s main revenue stream is derived from the distribution of third party brands, which represented RM326.43 million or 95.69 per cent of the group’s total revenue. “This is followed by the distribution of our own brands, which accounted for RM8.16 million or 2.39 per cent of the group’s total revenue,” he said. “A small portion of the group’s business is attributed by the manufacturing of bakery products, which accounted for RM6.54 million or 1.92 per cent of the group’s total revenue.” Over the 12-month period, Sabah contributed a large proportion of KTC’s revenue with RM299.02 million, representing 87.66 per cent of the group’s total revenue while Sarawak accounted 7.48 per cent and the remaining 4.86 per cent was from Labuan. On the other hand, KTC’s reduced profit in FYE June 30, 2016 was attributable to the listing expenses incurred in relation to the group’s Listing and increased expenditure on business infrastructure and warehousing facilities. “However, our group is now in a better position for profit growth for the financial year ending June 30, 2017 with these infrastructure in place,” Kok Sing stated.   Key highlights since listing on Bursa January • KTC entered into a MOU on January 11, 2016, to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Popular Trading. • KTC entered into a MOU on January 21, 2016, with SCGM who was desirous to appoint the group as the sole distributor of SCGM’s ‘Benxon’-brand food packaging and plastic cups to food and beverage retailers and manufacturers in the East Malaysia and Brunei markets. • KTC entered into a conditional sale of shares agreement on January 29, 2016, to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Popular Trading.   February • Subsequent to the KTC-SCGM MOU signing on January 21, KTC’s board of directors announced on February 22, 2016 that subsidiaries Kim Teck Cheong Distribution Sdn Bhd (KTC Distribution) and Kim Teck Cheong (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd (KTC Sarawak) had on February 20, 2016 entered into the distribution agreements with Lee Soon Seng Plastic Industries Sdn Bhd (LSSPI), a wholly owned subsidiary of SCGM, respectively to undertake the distribution and sale of finished goods products manufactured and sold by LSSPI in Sabah and Sarawak respectively on the terms and conditions as stipulated in the agreements. • On February 29, 2016, KTC entered into a MOU with Yung Kong Company Bhd (Yung Kong) with the intention to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Trans Paint which is the sole registered and beneficial owner of a property such warehousing facilitiy located in Kuching.   March • KTC entered into two conditional agreements on March 16, 2016: a) conditional share purchase agreement with Phang Lee Yen, Lim Sok Lan and Woo Chung Heng to acquire a total of 80,000 ordinary shares of B$1.00 each in Grandtop Marketing for a consideration of B$80,000 (equivalent to approximately RM238,464). b) conditional share subscription agreement with Grandtop Marketing to subscribe for 520,000 new ordinary shares of B$1.00 each for a consideration of B$520,000 (equivalent to approximately RM1,550,016). The proposed acquisition and proposed subscription will enable KTC to collectively hold 60 per cent equity interest in Grandtop Marketing. • Further to the announcement made on March 16, 2016, the board of directors announced on March 18, 2016 that the total purchase consideration of B$600,000 (equivalent to approximately RM1,788,480) for proposed acquisition and proposed subscription will be fully satisfied in cash by the company. The purchase consideration of B$80,000 (equivalent to approximately RM238,464) for the proposed acquisition will be paid in one lump sum within three months from the date upon the fulfilment of the conditions precedent of the share purchase agreement.   May • Reference was made to the company’s announcement dated January 29, 2016 on May 30, 2016 that unless otherwise defined, the definitions set out in the announcement shall apply herein. KTC’s board of directors announced on May 30, 2016 that all the conditions precedent of the agreement had been fulfilled and the acquisition completed. Accordingly, Popular Trading became a wholly-owned subsidiary company of KTC.   June • KTC Sarawak, an 80 per cent equity owned subsidiary of KTC, entered into a distributorship agreement on June 7, 2016, with Anakku. Anakku agreed to appoint KTC Sarawak as its non-exclusive distributor for the sale and distribution of all hardline accessories which include baby feeding, grooming and teething accessories and toys; fast moving consumer (FMCG) products such as wet wipes, toiletries and napkins; and softline products such as apparels and other wear accessories. The group noted that products bearing the trademarks of Anakku, Disney, Doraemon, Minicare, Family Essential and other brand names distributed by Anakku included in the aforementioned items, will be advised to KTC Sarawak from time to time. • KTC’s wholly-owned subsidiary KTC Distribution and KTC Sarawak had on June 13, 2016 entered into separate distributorship agreements with Cotra Enterprises Sdn Bhd respectively wherein the supplier granted to the distributors the right during the continuance of the agreements to purchase for resale of MARIGOLD UHT Asian Drink, MARIGOLD UHT Fruit Drink, MARIGOLD UHT 100% Fruit Juice, MARIGOLD UHT Milk and MARIGOLD Canned Milk in Kudat, Kota Kinabalu, Beaufort and Miri based on the terms and conditions as stipulated in the agreements.   July • Board of directors announced on July 4, 2016 that KTC’s wholly-owned subsidiary, AMDA Marketing (Sabah) Sdn Bhd changed its name to Kim Teck Cheong (Borneo) Sdn Bhd (KTC Borneo) with effect from June 27, 2016 as stipulated in the Certificate of Incorporation on Change of Name of Company issued by the Companies Commission of Malaysia, which was received by the group on June 29, 2016.   August • KTC Borneo had on August 1, 2016 received the appointment letter from P&G who agreed to appoint KTC Borneo as its distributor in Sarawak with effect from October 1, 2016.   September • KTC had on September 7, 2016 entered into a share sale and purchase agreement with Yung Kong to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Trans Paint which is the sole registered and beneficial owner of a property i.e. warehousing facility located in Kuching, Sarawak for a purchase consideration of RM2,535,482 to be funded via the initial public offering proceeds.   October • KTC Borneo and P&G had previously entered into a distribution agreement on September 17, 2015 wherein KTC Borneo was appointed as a distributor of P&G for its products in Sabah with effect from July 1, 2015 until June 30, 2017. It was announced on October 4, 2016 that on September 30, 2016, KTC Borneo and P&G entered into a supplemental distribution agreement to expand the distribution territories to include Sarawak and Brunei.     What do you think of this story? Great (100%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Telco firms warned against disclosing client information RM500,000 diperuntuk sedia bas sebagai mahkamah bergerak di Sarawak → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Two DOTA fans score 6A's in UPSR Thousands to converge on Kuching Waterfront for Sarawak Regatta Idris Buang: Adenan not backpedalling Dr Mahathir making his way to Bersih 5 Hundreds congregate at Kuching Amphitheatre for Bersih rally Weekly News Highlights Seeds: The Borneo Post SEEDS by BPOnline New Zealand: large areas were devastated by earthquake By Anda Robescu The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that struck at midnight on Nov 15, followed by a replica of 6.3 degrees magnitude on Monday afternoon, has caused total devastation in some areas. In these... Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ט חשון תשע"ז   |   Sunday, November 20, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline Saturday, November 19, 2016 at 5:27 pm | י"ח חשון תשע"ז (AP Photo/Jin Lee, File) NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq’s biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc. and drug firms including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P energy sector was the second-best performer with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the U.S. election, boosted by the prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Gap fell 16.6 percent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 percent. Both retailers warned of a challenging end-of-year quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. Filed under: Markets, Wall Street Print Email Gmail Related Asian Stocks Mixed After Wall Street Decline Asian Markets Lower After Wall Street Decline Energy, Mining Stocks Lead A Decline on Wall Street  Wall Street Falls as Energy Lags; Stocks Post Gains on Week Wall Street Pulls Off a Rare Four-Day Winning Streak Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Why the New Car Model Year Is Ahead of Time Dupont Freezes Payments to Pension Plan for 13,000 Employees U.K. Treasury Chief: Brexit Uncertainty Could Drag on Economy U.S. Stocks Slip as Health Care and Technology Take Losses Volkswagen to Shed 30,000 Jobs, Cutting Costs After Scandal OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 41°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,321.51 -12.46 (-0.23%) S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9443 GBP 0.8098 ILS 3.8851 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business BT boss: Openreach impasse is depriving economy of £6bn investment  Gavin Patterson, chief executive of BT Credit: Bloomberg Finance James Quinn 20 November 2016 • 10:52am Gavin Patterson rarely breaks into a sweat. As he turns away from the standing-height desk in his wood-panelled and glass-lined office on the ninth floor of BT’s sprawling headquarters on the edge of the City, he looks, as ever, relaxed. The two-part desk is covered in papers and documents, with pictures of his wife and family at one end. But it is on a powder-blue, three-piece leather sofa, angled in front of a giant television screen, in a corner of his inner sanctum, where he feels most at home.  Tieless, as usual, with just two shirt buttons undone rather than his once trademark three, Patterson could be forgiven for not being so laid back. In the past 12 months, the BT Group chief executive has come under fire from all corners of the business firmament for the telecoms giant’s ownership of its Openreach network business.  Did you know? | BT in numbers In January, a group of 121 MPs put their name to a report entitled “Broadbad”, which alleged some 5.7m Britons could not access the internet. The report was so damning that it sparked this newspaper to launch its “Better Broadband” campaign to lobby for better coverage in rural areas, a campaign which was backed by hundreds of local councils. At the same time, BT’s rivals have made a concerted effort to highlight what they perceive to be Openreach’s weaknesses, criticising service times and delivery of broadband in difficult-to-reach locations. All this has happened as Ofcom, the communications regulator, has been undertaking its decennial review into the communications realm, front and centre of which was the ownership of Openreach and whether or not it should remain part of BT.  Better Broadband At the end of what he admits has been a “turbulent and dynamic” year, Patterson still doesn’t know what the final outcome will be. BT has suggested ring-fencing the business, creating a separate board with an independent chairman, and a series of new processes around budgets and how they are set and allocated. The idea is to put Openreach at arm’s length, and to ensure that it services rivals, such as Sky and TalkTalk, just as much as it does BT.  Ofcom’s Sharon White, Patterson’s nemesis in the negotiations, has to date stopped short of calling for full separation, but she wants BT to go further, by forcing Openreach’s boss to report to BT’s board, not to Patterson, and to transfer tens of thousands of employees, along with assets and pension risk, to the new entity.  If the two sides cannot reach a deal, White could take BT to Brussels, and leave it to European regulators to force a new structure on the company.  Gavin Patterson, chief executive officer of BT Group Credit: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg  For Patterson, a drawn-out legal spat would not be a good outcome. “I think it would be very disappointing for everybody… I’m determined to do everything I can to avoid that.  “However, there are red lines that we can’t go beyond.” Although he doesn’t detail them, he is pointing to the issue of reporting lines and the transfer of staff and assets.  “The case in Europe is a difficult one to make, we think, and it is a point of escalation. I really hope it doesn’t come to that, because it will mean we get caught up in legal battles and that will divert everyone’s attention from getting on with improving service, investing in the future, and improving speeds.” Negotiations are understood to have been ongoing as recently as last week, and there are some in the process who hope it might be resolved in time for the Autumn Statement on Wednesday.  At a time when the economy needs everything behind it, to ensure that we’re able to ride out the uncertainty that exists in the Brexit world, we’re sitting here ready to invest £6bn over the next three years and it’s better that we get on and do that.Gavin Patterson But if that is the case, Patterson is either a very good bluffer, or he truly doesn’t know. “It’s not really within my control. I’d be very cautious in suggesting I set the process.” He may not be in charge of the timetable, but his argument as to why an agreement should be made sooner rather than later is well constructed, and designed to pull on the heartstrings of a Government whose overriding desire is to make the most of the Brexit vote.  “At a time when the economy needs everything behind it, to ensure that we’re able to ride out the uncertainty that exists in the Brexit world, we’re sitting here ready to invest £6bn over the next three years and it’s better that we get on and do that. “There aren’t many companies that are prepared to bet on the UK to that extent,” says Patterson, keenly aware of the power of his pitch.  BT Broardband “The uncertainty is not good for BT. It’s not really good for the country as a whole. And the investment… investors really do need this certainty to be able to make some of these investments and we need to keep that in mind.” Central to the negotiations is BT’s pension fund and its £9.9bn deficit, which Patterson admits is a “big issue”. “Low bond yields mean that the pension deficit is going up naturally, but in a way that’s still manageable.” Of more concern, he says, is the threat to the pension fund if Openreach is fully hived off. The fund is protected by a Crown Guarantee, stemming from BT’s 1983 privatisation, which protects pensioners in the event of the company going bust.  Patterson insists it is an arrangement that needs to be maintained. “That again is something the Government can work through and help us with, but we do need to recognise that it is an issue.” Couldn’t the Crown Guarantee simply be replicated for a separate Openreach? “The Government can do that by primary legislation… but in terms of structuring something that had the ultimate guarantee behind, that would be extraordinarily expensive.” Even if he is successful, doesn’t he feel that, given the drubbing Openreach has taken, that it will be time for a rebrand? He says not. “If I look at brand tracking, Openreach is a stronger brand than many of the other brands in the market. “It’s trusted to go into people’s homes – which is a big deal – and some of the criticism that has been thrown at it ultimately is not recognised by a lot of the people who use its services.” But he does admit the whole process has been a wake-up call when it comes to how Openreach tackles its public image: “It needs to be more transparent, it needs to communicate more with the outside world and needs to have more of its own identity.” As a marketing man – Patterson’s first big job was European head of marketing at Procter & Gamble, before joining Telewest in 2000 and then BT in 2004 to run its consumer division – Patterson is only too aware of the importance of positioning.  And that goes for BT – where he has overseen a major push into convergence with the successful launch of BT Sport and the £12.5bn acquisition of EE – as much as it does for the business community as a whole. As the head of the UK’s 16th biggest company by market capitalisation, he is a figurehead for the whole industry, and is keen to ensure that business is better understood by the community it serves.  “Clearly there is a disconnect between how business sees itself and the role it’s playing in society with how society reflects that back. You can see that to some extent… it’s got to be one of the take-outs from the Brexit vote here. And the election in the US would seem to indicate the same sort of thing – we all need to reflect on that.” Patterson feels that business as a whole needs to “reset” the relationship with the population, and that it is up to Government and business to do that together.  Clearly there is a disconnect between how business sees itself and the role it’s playing in society with how society reflects that back. You can see that to some extent… it’s got to be one of the take-outs from the Brexit vote hereGavin Patterson “In terms of navigating through these next few years, it is very clear that we need to work together because the economy’s going to have to pivot to some extent away from Europe. “We need to work in partnership to ensure we still attract investment, we still create high-value jobs here in the UK and we don’t become isolated.” While he feels there is a need for a discussion on how business is perceived – a favourite topic of Theresa May – he is less complimentary about the Prime Minister’s proposals to put customers on boards. “It would be very difficult to have customers on boards because, ultimately, I would struggle to see that isn’t a conflict of interest, fundamentally.  “A business that isn’t serving its customers over the long term won’t be in business – it’s only a matter of time.” Closer to home, BT’s shares have had a mini rollercoaster ride over the past 10 days, hitting a three-year low at one stage before rebounding, after comments from its 12pc shareholder Deutsche Telekom (DT) on whether it is committed to its investment, which came about through the EE deal.  BT Group Patterson brushes off the concern. “They came back all the way, thanks,” he says about the share price fall, the only time during our conversation that he gets close to being rattled. While he won’t comment on what the German firm’s intentions are – it can begin selling its BT shares from summer 2017 – he doesn’t do anything to dampen industry speculation that the two national telecoms giants will one day unite.  “Brexit has made life complex but doesn’t change the ultimate thesis. For example, they own 67pc of T-Mobile in the US, and that’s not part of the single market. I know they find the [Ofcom] Digital Communications Review troubling if we can’t find a negotiated voluntary arrangement.  “On a day-to-day basis, relationship between the two firms is very good. We spend a good amount of time with each other, trying to learn from each other’s businesses.” But hasn’t the election of Donald Trump to the US presidency put paid to big deals involving US assets, given his comments on the pending mega-merger between AT&T and Time Warner?  Patterson shrugs, and says it’s too early to tell. “We just don’t know how much of his campaign rhetoric will really turn into policy.” What he is certain of, however, is that the year drawing to a close has not played out as he expected.  “It’s a year where you sort of look back on it and think, ‘I didn’t predict all these things’. “I think we’ve managed to steer the business through it, but looking into 2017 and beyond, getting some stability back into the markets, being able to make the sort of investments we want to make – I think that’s where we’d like to get to.  “The underlying business is very good but, ultimately, to move to this next stage we want to invest, and that’s about making some decisions now on what the UK’s digitial future needs to look like.” For the moment, though, Patterson must wait to find out when and what that decision is – but as he does so, he’s unlikely to lose his trademark cool.  Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: BT Brexit BT Sport Better broadband Show more Business latest 20 Nov 2016, 6:06pm Sir Stelios's easyCoffee eyes expansion 20 Nov 2016, 6:02pm Hedge funds struggle to justify their vast fees in the wake of Trump's election 20 Nov 2016, 5:44pm Dividend worries hit troubled Mitie 20 Nov 2016, 5:42pm OPEC oil cut nears as battered Saudis bow to indomitable US shale  Premium 20 Nov 2016, 5:30pm Uranium: the unloved metal whose price is poised to go radioactive  01:21 20 Nov 2016, 5:18pm When is Black Friday 2016 and what are the best deals? 20 Nov 2016, 3:26pm British Wool: a thriving industry, thanks to running the last marketing board in the country 20 Nov 2016, 1:47pm TSB joins bidders for £16bn Bradford & Bingley loans 20 Nov 2016, 1:02pm China will not shut the door on globalisation, president Xi Jinping vows 00:28 20 Nov 2016, 11:05am Britain has an 'eye-wateringly large debt' and economy faces 'sharp challenge', Philip Hammond warns 20 Nov 2016, 6:00am Paper cuts: inside regional papers' battle to survive 20 Nov 2016, 6:00am Autumn Statement: what to expect from Chancellor Philip Hammond Premium 20 Nov 2016, 12:01am CBI calls for partnership with government after bruising EU campaign 19 Nov 2016, 8:10pm Tesco Towers: supermarket enters the fray with a radical new solution to the housing crisis 19 Nov 2016, 8:05pm Autumn Statement: fiscal watchdog to downgrade growth as Hammond announces infrastructure drive 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Football clubs 'vulnerable' after relying on TV rights 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Comment: The City gears up for the blockbuster $2 trillion listing of Saudi Aramco Ben Marlow Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Trump casts a shadow over BAT's $47bn bid for Reynolds 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Industry bodies slam new business rates appeals system which could cost small firms £700m 19 Nov 2016, 7:45pm Powa payments under scrutiny 19 Nov 2016, 7:36pm Shell case may launch wave of lawsuits If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Nov 20, 2016 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Wall Street slips as investors cash in BREATHER:While all three major indices on Wall Street closed higher for a second week, the rally lost steam as investors awaited more information to support their bets Reuters, NEW YORK Traders James Dresch, left, and Gregory Rowe work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. Photo: AP US stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Republican candidate Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election on Nov. 8. While the three major indices closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric, because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average on Friday fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93, while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.90. The NASDAQ Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5,346.8. For the week, the Dow is up 0.1 percent from last week’s 18,847.66; the S&P is 0.8 higher from last week’s 2,164.45; and the NASDAQ is up 1.6 percent from last week’s 5,237.10. The NASDAQ’s biggest drags came from technology companies, such as Alphabet Inc, and drug firms, including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower on Friday. Losses in shares of Allergan PLC and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift, but was still 1.8 percent higher than on Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the index’s stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second-best performer, with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting they might be expecting a demand boost. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard on Friday said he was leaning toward supporting an increase next month and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path next year. Kansas City Fed President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on NASDAQ, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the NASDAQ Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. This story has been viewed 1298 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-14 to 2016-11-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Sunday November 20 2016 3:50 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower November 19, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. “Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones,” said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That’s not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn’t fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It’s near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn’t been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that’s affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it’s less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 percent. The German DAX lost 0.2 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 percent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. ———— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, companies, cents, company, stocks, continued, Other stories from today: Dakota Access oil pipeline developer: No rerouting Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   If you are traveling for Thanksgiving, when is the best time to go? This weekend to beat the rush Monday Hopefully it won't be too bad Wednesday Thursday morning My family is coming to me                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County garage sales  
null
Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline By Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Buy VA Tech Wabag; target of Rs 781: SPA Financial - Mahagams to save Rs 2,000 cr on ash transportation, provide News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Nov 19, 2016, 11.43 AM | Source: Reuters Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Post Your Comments Share Cancel US stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. "I see the market kind of churning here because it's had a very decent move," said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. "Trump's policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted." The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq's biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc and drug firms including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday's drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second best performer with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector .SPSY ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen's Thursday statement that the rate hike could come "relatively soon." Gap fell 16.6 percent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 percent. Both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands US exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street Dow Jones S&P500 Nasdaq US Market Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Watch: Funancial Quest's Kolkata Finals Check out: How demonetisation impacts various sectors Get Rich: Investment lessons for young & new investors Indian ADR ends lower; Infosys, HDFC Bank, Tata Motors fall India Cements Q2 net jumps 62% at Rs 62.41 crore Farmer bodies' pre-Budget consultation with FinMin kicks off Demonetisation a bold and gutsy move: USIBC ATMs with no cash continue to trouble customers Farmer bodies want govt to allow old notes for agri input buy See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
null
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  21 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   AAMRATECH 26.60   0.90 3.50%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 21.30   1.90 9.79%   ACI   -1.90   ACIFORMULA 161.00   5.00 3.21%   ACMELAB 101.50   -1.60 -1.55%   ACTIVEFINE 39.00   -0.10 -0.26%   AFCAGRO 45.80   0.40 0.88%   AFTABAUTO 55.60   -1.20 -2.11%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 95.30   0.40 0.42%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.70 7.61%   AMANFEED 69.70   -7.40 -9.60%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   -0.10 -0.02%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.60   0.40 0.20%   ANWARGALV 71.80   -0.70 -0.97%   APEXFOODS 143.20   4.00 2.87%   APEXFOOT 352.50   -7.10 -1.97%   APEXSPINN 120.40   1.10 0.92%   APEXTANRY 127.50   3.00 2.41%   ARAMIT 351.00   2.90 0.83%   ARAMITCEM 31.60   1.40 4.64%   ARGONDENIM 27.40   -0.80 -2.84%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.20 1.22%   ASIAPACINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 115.50   3.20 2.85%   AZIZPIPES 62.00   -2.80 -4.32%   BANGAS 134.00   12.10 9.93%   BANKASIA 18.30   0.60 3.39%   BARKAPOWER 27.80   -1.80 -6.08%   BATASHOE 1185.00   8.40 0.71%   BATBC   24.50   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.10 0.49%   BBS   -0.60   BDAUTOCA 64.70   2.60 4.19%   BDCOM   -1.60   BDFINANCE 10.40   0.20 1.96%   BDLAMPS 173.40   3.40 2.00%   BDTHAI 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   BDWELDING 8.90   -0.10 -1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   BENGALWTL 40.50   1.10 2.79%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -19.30 -0.81%   BEXIMCO 23.40   1.10 4.93%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.10   0.10 0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   15.50   BSCCL   1.90   BSRMLTD 141.40   -0.50 -0.35%   BSRMSTEEL 93.30   -1.20 -1.27%   BXPHARMA 82.00   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   CENTRALPHL 13.60   -0.30 -2.16%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 14.80   0.20 1.37%   CNATEX 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   CONTININS 16.80   0.10 0.60%   CVOPRL 193.70   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DBH   0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 98.90   -0.90 -0.90%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.20 2.38%   DESCO   -0.50   DESHBANDHU 8.50   0.10 1.19%   DHAKABANK 16.70   0.40 2.45%   DHAKAINS 21.60   1.10 5.37%   DOREENPWR 108.80   -5.20 -4.56%   DSHGARME 294.50   -57.60 -16.36%   DSSL   1.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.20   -0.80 -0.74%   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.60 -2.48%   EASTLAND 20.20   -0.40 -1.94%   EASTRNLUB 920.40   13.40 1.48%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 142.60   0.20 0.14%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 36.90   3.30 9.82%   ENVOYTEX 36.50   0.10 0.27%   ETL   0.50   EXIM1STMF 6.70   0.10 1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   FAMILYTEX 7.90   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 21.30   1.70 8.67%   FAREASTFIN 10.10   0.30 3.06%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.00 0.00%   FASFIN 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.20   0.10 0.99%   FEKDIL 22.70   0.40 1.79%   FINEFOODS 19.40   0.10 0.52%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.40 3.31%   FORTUNE 47.30   1.10 2.38%   FUWANGCER 13.80   -0.40 -2.82%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.20 1.60%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 779.80   -0.10 -0.01%   GENNEXT 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.90   GLAXOSMITH 1568.10   1.20 0.08%   GLOBALINS 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GOLDENSON 16.10   0.70 4.55%   GP   3.70   GQBALLPEN 71.30   1.80 2.59%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.40   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.50   0.20 0.99%   HAKKANIPUL 47.80   4.30 9.89%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   1.40 0.26%   HFL   0.60   HRTEX   -0.40   HWAWELLTEX 34.50   -1.00 -2.82%   IBBLPBOND 973.50   2.50 0.26%   IBNSINA 213.30   1.40 0.66%   ICB   -0.40   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.10 1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.10 2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.10   0.10 1.67%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 79.30   4.30 5.73%   IFIC   0.30   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.90   0.20 1.87%   INTECH 12.00   0.40 3.45%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 30.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   ISLAMIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   ITC   1.70   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   JAMUNAOIL 191.50   -1.40 -0.73%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.20 -1.59%   JMISMDL 154.10   -1.70 -1.09%   JUTESPINN 55.90   1.60 2.95%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   -0.30 -2.10%   KAY&QUE 26.60   -1.00 -3.62%   KDSALTD 68.90   3.40 5.19%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 459.00   26.80 6.20%   KPCL   1.00   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 75.00   0.70 0.94%   LANKABAFIN 27.60   0.60 2.22%   LEGACYFOOT 19.20   0.60 3.23%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   0.00 0.00%   LINDEBD 1345.00   8.50 0.64%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   MARICO 1215.00   -2.90 -0.24%   MATINSPINN 37.70   0.50 1.34%   MBL1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MEGHNACEM 93.50   1.00 1.08%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.30   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.10 0.70%   MERCINS 13.90   -0.10 -0.71%   MHSML   -0.40   MICEMENT 72.60   -1.70 -2.29%   MIDASFIN 23.50   0.40 1.73%   MIRACLEIND 41.30   3.60 9.55%   MITHUNKNIT 71.60   4.80 7.19%   MJLBD   0.20   MODERNDYE 187.00   2.40 1.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   1.60 4.40%   MONNOSTAF 587.90   1.30 0.22%   MPETROLEUM 180.90   -0.90 -0.50%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 177.80   4.10 2.36%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -0.60 -1.07%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   NFML   0.60   NHFIL   -2.80   NITOLINS 21.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 238.10   19.10 8.72%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 72.50   -12.60 -14.81%   NTC   45.00   NTLTUBES 132.80   6.30 4.98%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 308.00   1.70 0.56%   ONEBANKLTD 15.40   0.40 2.67%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -0.50 -0.84%   ORIONPHARM 40.60   0.40 1.00%   PADMALIFE 23.20   0.30 1.31%   PADMAOIL 187.80   1.50 0.81%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 25.60   1.50 6.22%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 249.90   4.20 1.71%   PHENIXINS 22.20   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   1.20 4.90%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.30   -0.30 -1.01%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.50   0.00 0.00%   POWERGRID 55.60   0.20 0.36%   PRAGATIINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 86.10   -1.70 -1.94%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.80   0.30 1.94%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   PRIMEINSUR 17.40   0.40 2.35%   PRIMELIFE 57.70   -0.10 -0.17%   PRIMETEX 22.80   0.50 2.24%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 14.40   -0.10 -0.69%   PTL   0.40   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 15.60   -0.60 -3.70%   QSMDRYCELL 100.00   0.00 0.00%   RAHIMAFOOD 93.30   8.40 9.89%   RAHIMTEXT 237.50   2.90 1.24%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   -0.80 -1.29%   RANFOUNDRY 103.80   1.20 1.17%   RDFOOD 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   REGENTTEX 12.80   -0.10 -0.78%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.00   -0.20 -0.43%   RENATA 1092.10   0.70 0.06%   RENWICKJA 591.10   1.90 0.32%   REPUBLIC 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   -1.00 -2.09%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   -0.40 -1.49%   RUPALIINS 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -1.10 -3.01%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   SAIFPOWER 48.10   -0.40 -0.82%   SAIHAMCOT 13.70   -1.10 -7.43%   SAIHAMTEX 13.80   -0.10 -0.72%   SALAMCRST 29.90   2.20 7.94%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 63.80   1.00 1.59%   SANDHANINS 29.70   -0.60 -1.98%   SAPORTL 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAVAREFR 48.00   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.90   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.60   -2.10 -3.40%   SHURWID 8.40   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.30 1.49%   SINGERBD 186.00   3.70 2.03%   SINOBANGLA 24.20   0.80 3.42%   SONALIANSH 199.80   6.50 3.36%   SONARBAINS 16.30   1.10 7.24%   SONARGAON 8.60   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.40   SQUARETEXT 65.90   0.60 0.92%   SQURPHARMA 246.10   -0.50 -0.20%   STANCERAM 53.40   1.40 2.69%   STANDARINS 17.70   0.20 1.14%   STANDBANKL 10.50   0.20 1.94%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -12.50 -0.78%   SUMITPOWER 34.50   0.00 0.00%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.00 0.00%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   0.20 2.44%   TITASGAS 46.10   -1.30 -2.74%   TOSRIFA 17.10   -0.40 -2.29%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.30   -0.20 -0.85%   TUNGHAI 10.90   0.20 1.87%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.10 2.22%   UNITEDFIN 21.40   0.90 4.39%   UNITEDINS 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   UPGDCL 142.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 91.00   -0.80 -0.87%   UTTARABANK 24.00   0.20 0.84%   UTTARAFIN 57.40   -0.90 -1.54%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 159.60   -2.20 -1.36%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   0.10 0.40%   YPL   -0.80   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.50   0.20 1.31%   ZEALBANGLA 16.50   0.50 3.13%   Latest News Misuse of antibiotics causes harmful impact on human health: Experts Poor performance of executing agency irks JS body 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail Merkel to run for fourth term Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Dhaka will bid to hold PATA Travel Mart Industry owners meet BEZA chief TIME - 12:12 am National Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Economy Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct World Merkel to run for fourth term Stock Key index crosses 4,700-mark PM assures 100pc safe water supply, sanitation TOP NEWS Gold prices fall, silver rise Bangladesh to import only cleaner gasoil from 2017 India crash deaths nearly 100 World leaders take aim at Trump's trade views 'Explain NHRC chair’s appointment' Russian ruble recovering again Bhutan allays BBIN concerns PEC, Ebtedayee examinations begin China pledges more on global trade 2 injured in 'gunfight' with police Misuse of antibiotics causes harmful impact on human health: Experts November 21, 2016, 12:11 am The overuse and misuse of antibiotics are key factors contributing to antibiotic resistance, which eventually is causing harmful impact on human health, health experts on Sunday said, reports BSS. Without doctor's prescription, no one should take antibiotics as its rampant use Read more Poor performance of executing agency irks JS body November 21, 2016, 12:10 am Expressing its dissatisfaction over the poor performance in the 'Strengthening Access to Land and Property Rights for All Citizens of Bangladesh' project, the parliamentary standing committee on land ministry Sunday recommended steps for its timely implementation. The meeting was informed that Read more Economy Armenia sees record increase in exports Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said his country had doubled its exports, including those to countries of the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU), in an interview with Sputnik Armenia On Thursday, reports Xinhua. Sargsyan said it was unfortunate that Armenia's accession to the EEU coincided with the imposing of sanctions against Russia, the main economic driving force the economic bloc. This created hassles for the Armenian economy due to the fact of it being "tied in a thousand ways to the economy of Russia." President Sargsyan, however, insisted his country had made the right choice joining EEU. "We have become a member of a China's economic expansion benefits MENA region: Expert November 19, 2016, 9:09 pm IMF hails Norway's reforms November 19, 2016, 9:04 pm IMF approves $162m loan to Sri Lanka November 19, 2016, 6:39 pm Inclusive approaches needed to achieve SDGs by 2030 November 19, 2016, 7:41 pm France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc November 18, 2016, 8:58 pm Finance Income Tax Week begins Nov 24 The first-ever Income Tax Week will begin in the country on November 24. National Board of Revenue (NBR) will organise the income tax week for the first time to provide taxpayers with all tax related services including filing up of Overvalued taka stirs worries Chinese banks active in UAE to spur regional growth India bonds defy global rout Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Editorial Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Op-Ed Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Stock AB Bank tops DSE transaction chart for 2nd day AB Bank dominated the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) transaction chart on Sunday for the two consecutive session while Grameenphone (GP) Bourses see moderate rise for 4th consecutive session Bank tax hampers mobilisation of deposits RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks SEBI mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs Stocks begin week in green Revised CSE30 Index comes into effect today 15 win in DSE brokers polls European shares close lower National 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Sunday greeting members of the armed forces on the occasion of the Armed Forces Day-2016 to be observed on November 21 (Monday). In a message on the eve of the day, she said, the Awami League government is making all-out efforts for modernization of the armed forces. Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman had started the work to build Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail Sufia Kamal's death anniv observed PM expresses shock at deaths in Indian train crash HC wants to know initiatives to rescue ‘abducted’ doctor District council election on December 28 ACC fails to get stay on lawmaker Bodi's bail Ivy collects nomination form Neo-JMB chief’s wife gives birth to baby boy Trade and Market Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid on Sunday said that promoting renewable energy as business is “difficult” in Bangladesh due to resource constraints and land shortage. Despite that, he said, the government had set a target of obtaining 10 per cent of power from renewable sources by 2020. “You cannot compare us with Denmark or other developed countries. Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Industry owners meet BEZA chief Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul Poland still has scope to use rates to impact economy: Minister Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 US House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Greece approves permit for Eldorado's Skouries gold mine World Death toll rises to 120 In India rain crash Death toll rose to 120 (till last count) and more than 200 are injured in the rail crash on early French minister calls for renewed Syria talks Peace treaty with Russia coming into sight: Japan PM Death toll from India train crash passes 100 Sci-tech Grand finale of 'Blueprints 2.0' Tuesday The stage is set for the final round of ‘Blueprints 2.0’ – a financial modeling competition. The NSU Finance Club, the Zuckerberg to combat fake news on Facebook Facebook clears $6b stock buyback SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Education Fewer candidates taking PEC, Ebtedayee tests this yr The Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee examinations 2016 began on Sunday in different exam centres across the country and UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Sports Brothers earn win over Arambagh CHITTAGONG, Nov 20 (UNB): Brothers Union Club toppled Arambagh KS beating them by 2-1 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD to play Chinese Taipei in Asian Hockey today Progati Sangha share points with Youngmen's Club NZ pulverise Pakistan in 1st Test Health ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday urged the physicians to gain people’s confidence besides providing good medical service so that Zika emergency over: WHO Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Entertainment Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest The three-day Wedding and Portrait Photographers of Bangladesh (WPPB) Bridal Festival was held at Gulshan Shooting Club in Dhaka on Versatile talks, performances rule day 2 of DLF Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima Separate  Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Politics JP to skip district council polls: Ershad Jatiya Party chairman HM Ershad has said that his party will not take part in district councils polls scheduled for Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday BNP 'asks' Taimur to get ready for contesting NCC polls Quader urges AL followers to get united Country Authority cancels 60,356 cards, 13 dealerships in Rangpur div RANGPUR, Nov 20: A total of 60,356 cards and 13 dealerships have been cancelled so far owing to allegation of irregularities and embezzlement in distributing rice meant for selling at Tk 10 per kg to ultra-poor rural people in eight districts of Rangpur Division, divisional food office sources said. Cases have also been filed against six dealers. Fines of Tk 1,01,925 have been  collected, sources also said. Of the total, 7,519 cards of Rangpur district, 15,282 of Gaibandha, 5,643 of Kurigram, 2,494 ... Labour shortage disrupts T-Aman harvest in Bogra Chilli cultivators express dismay over market prices in Magura Speakers focus on raising crop intensity in Sylhet region PHOTO GALLERY Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee terminal examinations for fifth graders began today (Sunday) across the country. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina releases a commemorative stamp after inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of Chittagong University on its central playground through a videoconference from Ganabhbaban on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the inaugural ceremony of the 26th Annual Conference of Association of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons of Asia (ATCSA) at Hotel Radisson Blu in Dhaka on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo more news Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system November 20, 2016, 9:49 pm Industry owners meet BEZA chief November 20, 2016, 9:48 pm Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul November 20, 2016, 9:46 pm Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 November 20, 2016, 9:44 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 125 ISSUES DECLINED 92 Most popular Poor performance of executing agency irks JS body November 21, 2016, 12:10 am Misuse of antibiotics causes harmful impact on human health: Experts November 21, 2016, 12:11 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG HAKKANIPUL 43.50 47.80 43.90 47.80 9.89 EMERALDOIL 33.60 36.90 34.00 36.90 9.82 MIRACLEIND 37.70 41.40 38.00 41.40 9.81 DSSL 11.30 12.40 11.70 12.40 9.74 ABBANK 19.40 21.30 19.50 21.20 9.28 NORTHERN 219.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 8.72 FARCHEM 19.60 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.67 SALAMCRST 27.70 30.00 27.60 29.80 7.58 MITHUNKNIT 66.80 71.90 67.50 71.70 7.34 NTC 601.00 646.00 606.30 642.10 6.84 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 19.50 21.30 19.50 21.30 9.23 MIRACLEIND 38.00 41.40 38.00 41.30 8.68 EMERALDOIL 34.00 36.90 34.00 36.90 8.53 DSHGARME 272.00 294.50 269.00 294.50 8.27 FARCHEM 19.70 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.12 SONARBAINS 15.10 16.30 15.10 16.30 7.95 HAKKANIPUL 44.40 47.80 43.90 47.80 7.66 SALAMCRST 27.80 30.00 27.60 29.90 7.55 IFADAUTOS 74.50 79.30 72.70 79.30 6.44 NORTHERN 224.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 6.30 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSHGARME 352.10 294.50 269.00 294.50 -16.36 NPOLYMAR 85.10 76.00 71.80 72.40 -14.92 AMANFEED 77.10 72.00 69.70 70.30 -8.82 SAIHAMCOT 14.80 14.00 13.50 13.70 -7.43 BDCOM 24.90 23.50 23.10 23.30 -6.43 BARKAPOWER 29.60 28.50 27.50 27.90 -5.74 NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 52.20 -4.22 DOREENPWR 114.00 114.50 108.60 109.20 -4.21 AZIZPIPES 64.80 64.00 60.40 62.30 -3.86 KAY&QUE 27.60 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.62 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 51.70 -5.14 SHASHADNIM 62.80 62.90 59.00 59.60 -5.10 NPOLYMAR 76.00 76.00 71.80 72.50 -4.61 DOREENPWR 113.70 114.50 108.60 108.80 -4.31 PURABIGEN 16.30 16.30 15.50 15.60 -4.30 RUPALILIFE 37.00 37.10 35.40 35.50 -4.05 MHSML 15.20 15.40 14.40 14.60 -3.95 ARGONDENIM 28.40 28.40 27.30 27.40 -3.52 TOSRIFA 17.70 17.70 17.10 17.10 -3.39 KAY&QUE 27.50 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.27 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Home News Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features For the Record Interval Interviews Columns Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion Menu Home News + Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business + Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports + Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features + For the Record Interval Interviews Columns + Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion + Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment + Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style + Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion About Advertise Contact Community Terms and Conditions Cookies & Privacy Policy Site Map Just In Ondo Guber: PDP’s Founding Mothers Decry Delay Over Party’s Candidacy Dispute How Masked Gunmen Kidnapped Ex-Minister, Hirse In Kaduna AMOSUN PRESENTS 2017 APPROPRIATION BILL TO ASSEMBLY ON TUESDAY Nigerians Yearn For Your Return, Makarfi’s PDP Tells Jonathan Home / Entertainment / Pampers Takes Tiwa Savage, Moms To Its Newest Plant Pampers Takes Tiwa Savage, Moms To Its Newest Plant Chima Akwaja — Nov 19, 2016 4:42 am | Leave a comment Pampers, the world’s leading diaper hosted popular singer, Tiwa Savage and other  moms at its state-of-the-art factory in Agbara, Ogun State. The factory visit was part of the brand’s effort to educate moms on how it has continued to innovate and achieve maximum quality. All attendees observed firsthand the facility’s production and saw the intensive process that go into the manufacturing of Pampers’ Baby-Dry. Pampers which has been in existence in Nigeria for over 20 years has continued to create the best diaper for babies. Attendees got to see how the Super Gel in Pampers Baby Dry works. Pampers Baby-dry has super gel that locks wetness inside and keep baby dry all night long and minimizes disruption of sleep. The factory visit is in line with the Pampers #MomsKnowBest to get moms to see first-hand the rigorous quality processes, care and innovation that go into creating the Pampers diapers they’ve come to love.  . Tolu Adedeji, Brand Marketing Director, Procter & Gamble said “At Pampers we understand that moms want a superior protection for their babies,” said Tolu “The Pampers Baby-Dry aggregates over 10 years of innovation of making sure that babies can enjoy not just a dry and comfortable night sleep, but a happy and healthy development as well.” Commenting on the visit, Tiwa Savage who also shared a testimonial of how Pampers has been beneficial for her and her baby Jamil in the new Baby dry Pampers’ television commercial, expressed that being a mom comes with its own anxieties, “I’m thrilled in making this factory tour with other moms, as it offers an opportunity to give a first-hand information to others on Pampers. I use Baby-Dry for my baby, Jamil, and I treasure how it makes the sleep and play moments smooth.” The Pampers Baby-Dry come with a super-absorber (Super Gel) and a 4 layer core which absorbs wetness and ensures it is locked away from the skin health. It also comes with an in-built lotion that ensures that baby’s skin is protected, by repelling wetness and absorbing a baby’s urine to keep the skin health.   Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon See How I Satisfied My Woman For Over 30 mins in Bed and Enlarge my penis size without Side Effect(Click Here To Read) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus « Previous Article Majek Fashek, TuFace, Pasuma For 3rd Africa Meets Reggae Concert Next Article » Opa Williams Steps Aside From ‘Nite Of A Thousand Laughs’ Latest Posts 6:26 pm Ondo Guber: PDP’s Founding Mothers Decry Delay Over Party’s Candidacy Dispute — Comment 6:23 pm How Masked Gunmen Kidnapped Ex-Minister, Hirse In Kaduna — Comment 6:14 pm AMOSUN PRESENTS 2017 APPROPRIATION BILL TO ASSEMBLY ON TUESDAY — Comment 6:12 pm Nigerians Yearn For Your Return, Makarfi’s PDP Tells Jonathan — Comment 6:01 pm Senate Moves To Amend Companies Income Tax Act — Comment 5:57 pm Alleged N514.4m Fraud: Audio Evidence Played In Court — Comment 5:52 pm Nigeria Can’t Disintegrate, Says Dogara — Comment 5:44 pm Cheery News! 200,000 Unemployed Graduates To Start Work By December 1- Presidency — Comment 5:39 pm Ex-President Jonathan Thanks, Prays For Well Wishers As He Clocks 59 — Comment 5:31 pm Tinubu’s Message To PMB, Osinbajo By Shuaib I. Shuaib — Comment Join Leadership Community Forum Poll Should The Federal Government Swap Detained Boko Haram Members For Chibok Girls? Yes No Vote Total Votes: 4102 Download Alexa Toolbar Tweets by @LeadershipNGA Exchange Rate Naira Exchange Rate Tweets by @FRSCNigeria Leadership Community Login Username * Password * No Community Account? Create One! Photo Gallery Photos: Federal Executive Council Meeting today Daily Columns Monday BHTs: Yesterday, Today And Tomorrow by By Madu John Uche Nov 14th | Comments Nigerians always position themselves on the wrong path. To say that Nigerians are the only citizens of any country in the world, who eagerly exhibit unpatriotic spirit or posture to… …read more Tuesday Export Expansion Grant Scheme: Light At The End Of The Tunnel? by Ade Adefeko Nov 15th | Comments For policy makers and stakeholders in the area of agriculture and particularly non -oil agricultural exports, you will agree with me that incentives are a necessary ingredient to stimulate and… …read more Wednesday 59,017,382 Americans Made The Difference!!! by Hannatu Musawa Nov 16th | Comments How stupid can 59,017,382 people be” was the question that the world was confronted with last week when Americans elected into office the most hasty, nasty, undignified, crass and clueless… …read more Thursday The End Of The American Empire by Abbah Mahmood Nov 17th | Comments The United States of America is a unique experiment in human history. It is a country of immigrants, basically, where virtually every known race or country in the world has… …read more Friday Incompetence At The Heart Of Government by By Emmanuel Nwachukwu Nov 18th | Comments When the President’s wife, Aisha Buhari, expressed concerns about the calibre of presidential appointments, she spoke for many. Ardent supporters of the President are now openly questioning the lack of… …read more Saturday How Trump Defeated American Media by BY AKEEM SOBOYEDE Nov 19th | Comments Donald Trump’s stunning and “upset” victory over Hillary Clinton in the recent US presidential election should primarily go down in history as the triumph of a political outsider over a… …read more Sunday Ken Saro Wiwa, Jr: Exit At The Entrance by Matthew Hassan KUKAH Nov 20th | Comments No thanks to a gerontocratic class that defiantly continues to stand between the present and future, younger generations in Africa find the rungs on the ladder of progress rather slippery.… …read more Copyright © 2015 Leadership Newspaper. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 21, 2016 12:17 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Saturday November 19, 2016 08:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Jorgensen upsets Olympic champ Chen Long to win China Open Merkel tells party she plans to seek re-election as chancellor Drinking raw milk increases risk of infection, says Health D-G Craig Reedie re-elected as World Anti-Doping Agency president Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Wall Street sign is pictured outside the New York Stock Exchange in New York, October 28, 2013. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Nov 19 — US stocks ended lower today, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 per cent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 per cent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 per cent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq’s biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc and drug firms including Amgen . Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 per cent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 per cent, weighed down by a 1.3 per cent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second best performer with a 0.5 per cent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 per cent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 per cent, and has risen 10.8 per cent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said today he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Gap fell 16.6 per cent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 per cent. Both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands U.S. exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Five ways Indians are dodging ‘black money’ crackdown Asia to narrow trade focus as protectionism rises, say analysts Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Palm oil celebrates centennial, output doubles every 10 years TPP, RCEP, FTAAP: A user’s guide to alphabet soup of trade deals Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Tensions’ likely under President-elect Trump, Obama says Reuters Video: Trump says ‘you will hear some things tomorrow’ MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Related Articles Trump set to announce new cabinet picks (VIDEO) Ibrahim Ali: If Trump can be president, I can be PM Turning other cheek, Mexican president vows Trump talks Turns out, everything is negotiable ― Paula Dwyer Dancing in a hurricane ― Thomas L. Friedman Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 1 °C Sunday 20 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags blurred lines Business Donald Trust Tangled Web Trump International gofl course trump towers US Election See other tags Tags Saturday 19 Nov, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3089786 Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role Law experts have cast doubt on the idea that the so-called “blind trust” is actually blind at all – referring to it as a “one-eye-closed-and-one-eye-open trust”. Sat 7:30 AM 11,814 Views 31 Comments Share65 Tweet Email Image: AP/Press Association Images WHEN ASKED ON television earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son Donald Jr said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father’s company, insisted the two wouldn’t discuss the business if dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: “Trust me.” The American people may have little choice. This week, Trump said that three of his children would take over his business empire while simultaneously be part of his presidential transition team executive committee – resulting in a direct conflict of interest. “The fact that they have been included as part of the transition team just shows how inappropriate their role in bridging the gap between him as a businessman and politician is,” said Meredith McGehee, a strategic adviser at the Campaign Legal Center told the Washington Post. “It’s a clear demonstration that there is no firewall between the two.” McGehee and others have also cast doubt on the idea that the so-called “blind trust” is actually blind at all. She calls it a “one-eye-closed-and-one-eye-open trust”. For Trump’s business here in Ireland – Trump International Golf Links in Doonbeg Co Clare – the process is equally unclear. Joe Russell, managing director of teh golf course, told TheJournal.ie in the aftermath of the election result that for the past few months he had only been in contact with Donald Trump’s son Eric. But he is unsure of the exact arrangement around the blind trust that Trump’s businesses must be placed in, and whether Donald Trump’s children will be allowed to continue to run the business. “Come to think of it Eric hasn’t called me in the past few months,” he says. Doonbeg ‘buzzing’ after businessman Donald Trump voted US President Source: Manuel Balce Ceneta Blind trust The aim of blind trusts is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a “blind trust” run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Trump’s plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump’s holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Sprawling empire Source: Mahesh Kumar A. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets – or those of business partners – and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries – in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump’s holdings “unprecedented” in size and complexity for a president, a “tangled web” of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn’t even have to try. Source: AP/Press Association Images Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump’s influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump’s lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS’ “60 Minutes” last Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to “save our country.” “I don’t care about hotel occupancy,” he added. He called matters like that “peanuts.” Jimmy Carter stands in a large mound of peanuts. Source: AP/Press Association Images Blurred lines The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is “vetting various structures” with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump’s children, along with a “team of highly skilled executives.” Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can’t control their portfolio and may not even know what’s in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner’s knowledge. “It’s one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily,” Gross said. “It’s another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract.” In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump’s children in his business. He called the situation “very unusual.” “There’s no perfect way to do this,” Giuliani said. “You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president.” With reporting from Gráinne Ní Aodha Read: Man who was denied a judge’s seat after racism allegations set to be Trump’s attorney general Read: Romney once called him a phoney and a fraud – but Trump may be ready to bury the hatchet Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Associated Press See more articles by Associated Press Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-blind-trust-3089786-Nov2016/?embedpost=3089786&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-blind-trust-3089786-Nov2016/?embedpost=3089786&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-blind-trust-3089786-Nov2016/?embedpost=3089786&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (31 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions 'After years as an undercover detective I wanted a change. So I started my own spice business' Fora Staff This food startup founder left the Mauritius police force to move to Ireland. 'I found it really tough because I couldn't even type': What it's like to go back to education Lorraine Courtney Senator Lynn Ruane encouraged early school leavers to return to education this week at an event aimed at increasing participation in adult learning. Lexington, Virginia: Where Trump's America and Clinton's America meet David Kenny David Kenny talks to the candidate’s supporters in the swing state of Virginia. Most Popular Today 1 Woman who died after being found injured on Galway roadside may have fallen from van 35,587  15 2 The 8 animals with the best comic timing in the world this year 30,723  11 3 How do wages of gardaí, nurses and teachers measure up to six years ago? 28,877  126 1 A top Ryanair exec wants to give tourists a platform to slag pubs with pricey pints 319  0 2 Accused of 'blackmailing' publishers, Adblock Plus insists its aim is to create better ads 93  0 3 Millionaire fintech founder Terry Clune: 'Starting companies is fun. I don't know what else to do' 26  0 1 As it happened: Ireland v New Zealand, November Test 96,378  98 2 Ireland can't convert, key men lost, and the match officials in limelight 44,652  98 3 Ireland left frustrated and tryless as All Blacks edge brutal battle in Dublin 29,827  87 1 Just 15 tweets that will speak to anyone who hates going out 8,796  0 2 Aer Lingus followed through on their forfeit to Air New Zealand after the rugby 6,049  2 3 19 tweets that perfectly describe your hangover 5,052  3 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Scammers using Whatsapp and Daft to extort money from desperate renters Man dies in Hacketstown farming accident Woman who died after being found injured on Galway roadside may have fallen from van DUBLIN Sitting down with Maser: The man and the artist behind the blue Repeal wall Gardaí appeal for witnesses in assault of woman on her way to work Luas Cross City has erected a 'Berlinesque' wall and some Dubliners aren't happy IRELAND Australia reset to zero for Ireland - Cheika Top amateurs capture Ireland's natural beauty in 12 snapshots This mother's email led to Ireland getting a specialist clothing range for children with additional needs TRANSPORT CityJet's boss says striking pilots' union is 'a pain in my backside' CityJet's boss says striking pilots' union is 'a pain in my backside' Ireland to oppose Uber application to circumvent taxi regulations across EU ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
