Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Tide Teams up with Nelly Furtado to Launch New Eco-Friendly Detergent, Tide purclean™ By Published: Nov 17, 2016 6:07 p.m. ET Share Furtado encourages Canadians to get involved as Tide purclean supports WWF-Canada’s Count for Nature movement TORONTO, Nov 17, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- For more than a decade, Tide has been committed to developing detergents that provide environmental benefits like energy and water savings without compromising on the clean consumers demand. Hitting shelves across the country this fall is the latest innovation in Tide’s ongoing commitment to sustainability: Tide purclean, the first bio-based detergent with the cleaning power of Tide. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161117006439/en/ To celebrate this step in the right direction, Tide is teaming up with Grammy® Award-winning, Canadian singer-songwriter, and advocate for the environment, Nelly Furtado, to introduce the brand’s new partnership with WWF-Canada, in support of their Count for Nature movement. “As a parent, I consider the products, and their ingredients, that I use at home and with my family, as well as making sustainable choices whenever I can. This includes how we conduct our laundry—washing with cold water, limiting the amount of loads per week and choosing the right laundry detergent,” said Furtado. “I’m thrilled that a brand I trust, like Tide has created an environmentally-friendly laundry detergent that actually works, but is also gentle on fabrics. I’m honoured to team up with them as they launch NEW Tide purclean and work with Tide to bring attention to WWF-Canada’s Count for Nature movement, and invite Canadians to take action with me.” Starting today, until November 30, 2016 at 11:59PM EST, every time someone tweets to @Tide, sharing an action they take to help the environment, using both #purclean and #CountForNature, Tide will donate $1 to WWF-Canada’s Count for Nature Campaign. “WWF-Canada’s Count for Nature movement is driven by the knowledge that what each and every one of us does for nature counts towards the health of our planet,” said David Miller, president and CEO, WWF-Canada. “With the support of Canadians and partners like Tide purclean* and Nelly Furtado, we are able to work towards a future where nature, wildlife and people thrive together. “Whether it’s planting native plants, or getting outside to clean up your local shoreline, we encourage everyone be part of the action by counting yourself in.” “Tide purclean is an important next step in our journey to create detergents that help consumers make sustainable choices,” said Corinne Durieu, Fabric Care Communications Manager, P&G Canada. “We believe that in order to create a more sustainable future, we need to make products that people use every day more environmentally friendly. That's why we made sure that Tide purclean has the same cleaning power of Tide, is hypoallergenic and free of dyes, chlorine and phosphates but is also 65% bio-based, and made using renewable energy sources.” With a 65 per cent bio-based formula, as certified by the USDA BioPreferred seal, Tide purclean cleans as well as Tide Original liquid at stain removal, whiteness, color care, and the ability to clean in energy-saving cold water. The detergent is produced at a zero manufacturing waste to landfill facility using 100 per cent renewable wind power electricity and the bottle is also 100 per cent recyclable. Tide purclean is available in 32 loads and 48 loads sizes in a light Honey Lavender fragrance and an unscented version, with suggested pricing of $12.99 and $14.99, respectively, and is available at retailers across Canada. For more information about Tide purclean as well as Tide’s commitment to sustainability please visit: http://tide.ca/purclean To join WWF-Canada’s Count For Nature movement, please visit: wwf.ca/CountForNature_purclean About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. About USDA BioPreferred and Certified Biobased Product label The BioPreferred Program is a USDA-led initiative that assists the development and expansion of markets for biobased products. BioPreferred is transforming the marketplace for biobased products through two initiatives: mandatory purchasing requirements for Federal Agencies and Federal contractors and voluntary product certification and labeling. Biobased products span a diverse range of applications, such as lubricants, cleaning products, chemicals and bioplastics. The USDA Certified Biobased Product label communicates a product’s biobased content. Usually expressed as a percentage, biobased content is the ratio of non-fossil organic carbon (new carbon) to total organic carbon in a product. New carbon is derived from recently-created materials. The total organic carbon in a product consists of new carbon and old organic carbon that originates from fossil carbon materials, such as petroleum, coal, or natural gas. Approximately 2,500 products have earned the USDA Certified Biobased Product label as of May 2016. To learn more about the USDA Certified Biobased Product label please visit www.biopreferred.gov, and follow on Twitter at http://twitter.com/BioPreferred. ABOUT NELLY FURTADO A Canadian-born singer, songwriter, actress, and philanthropist, who is of Portuguese descent, Furtado has enjoyed a vibrant and globally-successful career as a multi-language superstar. By embracing different cultures and genres, she has helped define musical diversity for a new generation ever since unleashing her debut, 2000’s double-platinum Whoa, Nelly!, which spawned 2 top 10 hit singles (“I’m Like a Bird” and “Turn Off the Light”) and won Furtado her first Grammy for Best Female Pop Vocal Performance. In 2003, Furtado released her sophomore album, Folklore, which was preceded by the lead single “Powerless (Say What You Want).” After collaborating with hit-making producer Timbaland, Furtado experienced a surge in her global success with the release of Loose (2006), which included four #1 singles—“Promiscuous,” “Maneater,” “Say It Right,” and “All Good Things (Must Come to an End).” In 2009, Furtado unveiled her first Spanish language album, Mi Plan. Her 5 [th] studio album, The Spirit Indestructible was released in 2012. In total, Furtado has sold more than 16 million albums and 18 million singles worldwide, and has racked up many international honors, including a Grammy Award, a BRIT Award, a Latin Grammy Award, World Music Award, a Billboard Music Awards, a MTV EMA award, 3 Much Music Video Awards, a star on Canada’s Walk of Fame and 10 Juno awards. Among her environmental and humanitarian philanthropic work, Furtado continues to remain very close to Free the Children. Having global accolades and a music career that is nothing short of legendary, Nelly Furtado has indeed been on quite a ride. The chart-topping luminary will release her new album, appropriately titled, The Ride, out March 3, 2017. * WWF-Canada thanks Tide for its generous support. Acceptance of this support does not constitute an endorsement by WWF-Canada of Tide or its individual products. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161117006439/en/ SOURCE: PROCTER & GAMBLE Media Contacts: P&G Canada contact: Corinne Durieu, 416-730-4087 Fabric Care Communications Manager durieu.c@pg.com or Porter Novelli Jayne Cassidy, 416-422-7187 jayne.cassidy@porternovelli.com or WWF-Canada contact: Emily Vandermeer, 416-489-4567 ext. 7298 Communications Specialist evandermeer@wwfcanada.org or NELLY FURTADO contact: 10 [th] St. Entertainment Angela Burke, 212-334-3160 angelab@10thst.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Procter & Gamble Co.'s Plan to Save $10 Billion The cost cuts are key to P&G's hopes for boosting sales and increasing cash returns to shareholders. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Nov 16, 2016 at 9:30AM Image source: P&G. Many things went wrong for consumer goods giant Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) this past year. Fiscal 2016 marked its second straight year of decelerating sales growth as it lost market share in key product categories. P&G also underperformed its own profit target, with core earnings declining 2%. Yet the company blew past management's long-run targets on cutting costs. And executives are hoping to keep that momentum going by squeezing even more cash out of its expense structure over the next few years. Success at slicing costs Five years ago, P&G outlined a plan to knock $1.2 billion out of its annual cost of goods sold. With initiatives like production, packaging, and infrastructure tweaks, the company hit that target for fiscal 2012 before blowing right past it over the next four fiscal years. Overall cost of goods savings for the five-year period amounted to $7.2 billion, or $1.4 billion per year. P&G's cost-cutting. Image source: P&G investor presentation. P&G supplemented those cuts with significant savings elsewhere in the business. Manufacturing expenses plunged, as did overhead costs. The company also gained from reducing complexity in its supply chain and from cutting down the network of marketers and advertising firms that it employs. As a result, the business is becoming more profitable while growing easier to manage. Most of those profit gains were swamped last year by the combination of several negative trends, including a strengthening U.S. dollar and lost growth from P&G's brand divestment initiative. Now that its portfolio is down to the size it wants, though, more of the savings can flow down to the bottom line. Core earnings improved by 5% to start off fiscal 2017, reversing last year's slight decline. The savings plan With its five-year savings plan complete, management rolled out an even more aggressive plan for the next five years. From now through fiscal 2012, CEO David Taylor and his team aim to slice as much as $2 billion out of annual costs for a total savings of $10 billion. PG Cost of Goods Sold (TTM) data by YCharts. Executives plan to plow most of the resulting windfall into initiatives aimed at boosting sales growth. These include the critical research and development (R&D) category, which has held steady at $2 billion per year. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), in contrast, has raised its R&D commitment to $9 billion, up 10% over the last three years. P&G hasn't launched a new $1 billion brand in over a decade, and hefty investments in this area could help turn the tide. Another big piece of the savings will go toward advertising. Increased spending here was a key driver behind last quarter's surprisingly strong sales volume gains. P&G expects to increase advertising support for key brands like Tide detergent and Gillette razor blades while also directing resources toward its very profitable trial programs. The company got its Pampers diapers into the hands of 70% of new moms thanks to its partnerships with hospitals around the country. Its latest Gillette razor blade, meanwhile, made it to around 80% of men on their 18th birthday. Investor returns After reinvesting in the business, the cost savings should still leave room for increased cash returns to shareholders. In fact, P&G aims to deliver $22 billion directly to investors this year through dividends and stock repurchases on the way to meeting its massive $70 billion return goal by 2019. In the current weak sales environment (P&G only expects 2% organic sales growth this year), the company likely couldn't hit that aggressive capital return target while still investing in the business. But significant efficiency gains are giving the company plenty of flexibility in how it chooses to meet its financial targets. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Johnson and Johnson. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Nov 16, 2016 at 9:30AM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $115.36 down $0.41 (-0.35%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.00 down $-1.07 (-1.29%) Read More 3 Ways Procter & Gamble Co. Is Losing to the Competition 7 Best Payout Ratios in Consumer Goods Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks P&G Stock History -- Why Procter & Gamble Co. Looks Good Long-Term How Procter & Gamble Co. Plans to Deliver $22 Billion to Shareholders This Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research PM Has P&G Stock Crested? A turnaround is showing progress but if it doesn’t ramp up then the 3.2% dividend yield offers downside risk. Nov. 15, 2016 1:27 p.m. ET Procter & Gamble (PG: NYSE) By Wells Fargo Securities ($82.95, Nov. 14, 2016) Procter & Gamble has undergone a large amount of change in recent years, streamlining its portfolio and changing its organizational structure, culture, and incentives with the goal to improve execution and agility. The turnaround is beginning to show... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Taming Federal Debt: The Case for 100-Year Bonds Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bonds Suddenly Look Like a Bargain Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. ETFs: How to Play This Brave New Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Ready to Step on the Gas Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Case for 100-Year Treasuries 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 3 How to Get the Best Financial Advice Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News 3 Brands Procter & Gamble Co. Needs to Succeed in 2017 Fox News Fox Business News 3 Brands Procter & Gamble Co. Needs to Succeed in 2017 By Demitrios Kalogeropoulos - November 17, 2016 102 Procter & Gamble (NYSE: PG) finally has the portfolio that it wants. With the recent sale of 41 of its biggest beauty brands, the company just finished a multiyear initiative aimed at whittling itself down to 65 franchises from over 160 in fiscal 2012. Continue Reading Below Management kept the remaining brands around for their impressive growth and profit potential. The franchises also represent areas where P&G already has a dominant market position and can more easily protect market share. While the consumer goods titan would love for its entire portfolio to post market-thumping growth, the Pampers, Tide, and Gillette brands will likely play the biggest roles in whether P&G’s sales rebound gains momentum next year — or falls flat. Pampers More From Fool.com Pampers is P&G’s single biggest brand, responsible for $9 billion of global sales per year. It anchors the company’s baby, feminine care, and family care division that’s responsible for 28% for the business and accounts for roughly one-quarter of net earnings. Image source: Getty Images. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The key branded competition comes from Kimberly-Clark (NYSE: KMB) and its Huggies products. Until a few years ago, Pampers and Huggies were locked in a dead heat, with each claiming about 40% of the U.S. market. Since then P&G has pulled ahead to a comfortable lead. The bad news is that those gains haven’t been enough to offset losses on the value end of the market from its Luvs diaper line. Most recently, the baby care segment was P&G’s worst-performing division: It was the only one of its five segments to post lower average prices. Organic growth, at 2%, was below the company average. P&G has impressive structural advantages in place that can help it succeed with this brand, though. A network of strong relationships with hospitals, for example, helps deliver trial products to almost every new mom in the U.S. The company aims to pair that sampling strength with increased advertising spending and a bigger commitment to R&D spending to boost market share next year. Tide Image source: P&G. P&G has had the most innovation success lately in its fabric care division, and so it’s no coincidence that this segment leads the others by accounting for 32% of sales and 27% of profits. Management recently cited the division as a model for the type of approach it hopes will succeed across its portfolio. “Fabric care results demonstrate what is possible when we deliver superior value from best-in-class performance at a modest price premium,” CEO David Taylor told investors in August. “The U.S. laundry detergent market is continuing to grow behind our efforts, with the category up 4 [percentage] points last year.” Sampling will be a key focus going forward, as Taylor and his team plan to nearly double the number of free trial products its sends out this year — up to 30 million units. P&G also has plenty of promising innovations it can trumpet in its ramped-up advertising output, including an athletic-wear targeted Tide brand, new Tide Pods formulas, and Tide Pure Clean, which is focused on the small but growing niche of consumers demanding environment friendliness and sustainability in their detergents. Gillette P&G has had mixed results with its Gillette razor franchise. On the premium side of the business, particularly in the U.S., it has expanded market share with a new innovative Fusion lineup that was backed by huge marketing support. Thanks to successes like that, this division is easily P&G’s most profitable, responsible for 15% of earnings even though it only accounts for only 11% of net sales. Image source: Getty Images. The company hasn’t executed as well at the value end of the market. It has lost share to private label brands, and to the subscription approach taken by Dollar Shave Club. Now that global rival Unilever (NYSE: UL) owns that brand, P&G can only expect the competition to get more intense from here. The good news for investors is that management appears to understand the scope of the challenge. “We need to do more work on the lower end of the portfolio,” Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller said recently, “and toto be more present in the direct-to-consumption e-commerce channels.” Overall, P&G has forecast a small but important growth uptick for fiscal 2017 that should see organic sales rise 2% after ticking up by just 1% last year. Investors can expect increasing cash returns and higher profitability regardless of whether that rebound continues. However, for P&G to get back on track for sustainable earnings gains, it will need to start posting market share growth in its biggest brands. Forget the 2016 Election: 10 stocks we like better than Procter and Gamble Donald Trump was just elected president, and volatility is up. But here’s why you should ignore the election: Investing geniuses Tom and David Gardner have spent a long time beating the market no matter who’s in the White House. In fact, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Procter and Gamble wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleNebraska Football: Husker Tailgate Week 12, Senior Day and last home game Next article3 Stocks That Pay You Each Month Demitrios Kalogeropoulos RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 3 Flaws With Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Why Donald Trump Wasn't Completely Wrong About Ford's Plans for Mexico Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Customers Will Hate United Airlines' New Basic Economy Fare, but It's a Great Move Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks to Buy With Dividends Yielding More Than 3% Top dividend stocks with good yields and track records of success can be a powerful force in your portfolio. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Nov 17, 2016 at 9:50AM Income investors love dividend stocks because they combine both current income and growth prospects. However, you can't just buy any dividend stock. Instead, you need the stocks with the most potential for future gains. Below, you'll find out how McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), Target (NYSE:TGT), and Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) have not only managed to give investors yields of 3% or more but have also provided ongoing growth to longtime investors. Image source: McDonald's. McDonald's stays golden McDonald's has put together an impressive performance, both in terms of dividend growth and in total return. Over the past 45 years, the stock has produced average annual returns of more than 13%, and the fast-food giant has done so even in the midst of a transformation in the way that Americans eat. Despite the rise of fast-casual restaurants that have challenged the business model that McDonald's and its fast-food peers have followed for decades, the company known for its golden arches has taken steps to reach out to customers and meet their changing needs. Most recently, the move to offer all-day breakfast has led to renewed excitement about the company and the stock, and McDonald's hopes to keep moving forward with new momentum. McDonald's currently yields 3.2%, which is above the average for stocks in the Dow Jones Industrials. In addition, McDonald's has raised its annual dividend every year for 41 straight years, giving income investors the stability they want to see. Given its recent success, McDonald's looks like it has plenty of room to keep growing in the future. Aim for the Target Target is a well-known big-box department store retailer that has done a good job of finding a balance within its industry. Rather than simply seeking to cut prices as far as possible, Target has sought to justify slightly higher price points by making smart partnerships with various well-known outside suppliers, especially in the fashion industry. To a greater extent than most other retail giants, Target has exploited the power of exclusive branding opportunities to drive traffic and build a more upscale atmosphere in its stores than some of its closest rivals. Target's long-term vision has helped produce average annual returns of nearly 15% over the past 35 years. Target also carries a 3.2% yield, even after its recent run-up following an extremely strong earnings report. Moreover, Target's dividend history features 49 straight years of annual dividend increases, demonstrating its commitment to payout growth. Investors are hopeful that the holiday season will be good for Target, helping to add to its already impressive positive momentum. P&G covers the world Procter & Gamble is a consumer giant known the world over, with billion-dollar brands like Tide laundry detergent and Crest toothpaste. The company has given shareholders 12% average annual returns over the past 40 years, and the growth that P&G has forged in emerging markets has been a major driver of its long-term success. Even though rocky economic performance in some of its markets has eaten into its growth recently, Procter & Gamble is still poised to take advantage of longer-term trends toward a greater consumer presence across the globe. For dividend investors, one of Procter & Gamble's most attractive qualities is its 3.2% yield. A nearly unparalleled track record of 60 years of annual dividend increases doesn't hurt, either. Given just how much of a household name Procter & Gamble is the world over, the consumer products giant will have every opportunity to keep on selling the products that generate such impressive cash flow and dividend payments for its shareholders. If you look only at yield to the exclusion of all other factors, then you run the risk of buying stocks that don't have the growth prospects you want. Instead, the highest-quality dividend stocks will offer not only income but also share-price appreciation potential that can dramatically add to your total returns. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Nov 17, 2016 at 9:50AM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $120.00 up $0.55 (0.46%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.00 down $-1.07 (-1.29%) Target NYSE:TGT $76.19 up $0.06 (0.08%) Read More Better Buy: McDonald's vs. Shake Shack McDonald's Stock Needs More Than Table Service to Win McDonald's Is Stuck on the Wrong Side of the River This McDonald's Chart Gives Me Hope for Chipotle Mexican Grill McDonald's Corporation Could Have a Whole New Restaurant Concept in the Works Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
BellaNaija Inspired! Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Oral-B Celebrates 5 Years in Nigeria | Millions of Naira to be Won in the National Consumer Promotion 28.10.2016 at 12:11 pm By BellaNaija.com 2 Comments It’s been 5 years of celebrating good oral health in Nigeria by the leading household oral care brand from Procter & Gamble, Oral-B. To show their appreciation to every Nigerian who has used Oral-B in the past 5 years and new users, Oral B will be rewarding every purchase of Oral-B toothpaste between now and December 10, 2016, with amazing daily, weekly, and monthly prizes. In addition to the consumer promotion, Oral-B will visit various communities in Nigeria to provide free dental checks to people through the Oral B Mobile Dental Clinic Programme, which currently reaches over 2 million Nigerians annually. Speaking during the media launch of the National Consumer Promotion, Tolulope Adedeji, Brand Marketing Director, P&G Nigeria said; “Oral B has reached more than five million households since we launched in Nigeria five years ago. We are celebrating this milestone with a consumer promotion and Mobile Dental Outreach as a mark of appreciation and celebration of our teeming customers.” According to Tolulope Adedeji, “The essence of the promotion is to celebrate and reward Oral-B consumers across the country. At Procter and Gamble, it is our purpose to touch and improve the lives of customers with our brands. We will be rewarding as many winners as possible in the weekly and monthly draws as well as the grand draw of the Oral B National Consumer Promotion. Four (4) winners will get N200, 000 and one mixed case of Oral-B each at the end of the first and second months. The grand prize winner will get N300, 000 and 2 mixed cases of Oral-B at the end of the promotion. In addition to the monthly and grand prizes, we will be giving out cash prizes weekly as well as daily airtime to winners.” How to be part of the promo: Simply text the code at the bottom of any Oral-B toothpaste <space> Name <space> Location to 20388 to be one of our lucky winners. Spread the fun by sharing with your friends. For further information and updates on the promotion, follow Oral-B Nigeria on www.facebook.com/oralbnigeria. See photos from the event below. Ugo Okoye, CEO & Founder of iConcepts, Folarin Ojo- Assistant Brand Manager Oral B, Tolulope Adedeji- Brand Marketing Director P&G Nigeria, Ifeoma Chuks Adizue- Brand Manager Oral B, Omolola Adenuga- Company Communication P&G Nigeria, Bunmi Fasae- General Manager Sales & Marketing of iConcepts Folarin Ojo- Assistant Brand Manager Oral B, Ifeoma Chuks Adizue- Brand Manager Oral B, Tolulope Adedeji- Brand Marketing Director P&G Nigeria, Mr. Abideen- The Consumer Protection Council, Executive Officer Rep of Lagos State Office Mr. Abideen- The Consumer Protection Council (CPC), Executive Officer, Rep of Lagos State Office, Ifeoma Chuks Adizue- Brand Manager Oral B, Tolulope Adedeji- Brand Marketing Director P&G Nigeria, Adalemo Olawale Mujib- Lagos State Lottery Board (LSLB) Tolulope Adedeji- Brand Marketing Director P&G Nigeria, Ifeoma Chuks Adizue- Brand Manager Oral B Ugo Okoye, CEO & Founder of iConcepts, Folarin Ojo- Assistant Brand Manager Oral B, Bunmi Fasae- General Manager Sales & Marketing of iConcepts _______________________________________________________________________ Sponsored Content About BellaNaija.com Living & Celebrating the African Dream! Catch all the Scoop on www.bellanaija.com Follow us Twitter: @bellanaija Facebook: @bellanaija Instagram: @bellanaijaonline love this + Comment  2 Tagged With: Oral BFiled Under: News « Heineken Lagos Fashion & Design Week 2016 Day 2: Moofa Heineken Lagos Fashion & Design Week 2016 Day 2: P.O.C » Related Posts IK Osakioduwa hosts Executives, ... P & G Partners with ... Oral Hygiene Brand, Oral B Bags ... Gisele Bundchen Tops Forbes ... 2 Comments on Oral-B Celebrates 5 Years in Nigeria | Millions of Naira to be Won in the National Consumer Promotion Joshua Dawul November 5, 2016 at 6:05 pm i want to be a distributor Love this! 1 Reply ani emmanuel November 17, 2016 at 7:10 am We didn’t see the teeth of all ur officials as they are ambassador of ur product. Tryna bring out the big smiles with teeth blinking Love this! 0 Reply Post a comment Name Email Website Cancel reply Recently Gunmen Kidnap 40 Persons in Zamfara, Demand Release of their 400 Cows as Ransom BN TV: Is There Such a Thing as Good Hair? Watch this “What is Good Hair?” Documentary to Find Out New Music: Odunsi feat. Aylø – Situationship BN TV: Vlogger Adefolake takes on “Dealing with Nigerian Parents” in a New Episode | Watch Freeze responds to Do2dtun – “I didn’t in anyway say Yoruba girls are dirty or disrespectful, I only said Igbo girls are cleaner & more respectful” MicoStar Mall – The Safest Way To Shop Abroad From Nigeria Find The Best For Your Home Now! Need an Affordable Hotel in Victoria Island? Choose Cotton Suites For Wedding and Proposal Rings, Call 08094945645 or Whatsapp 08062229354‎ Save When You Book with JOLLOF Travels Get the best 360° production and technical management in Nigeria Pregnacare Babies are Healthy Babies!…Join the Pregnacare Nigeria Family PYCEDE Moving and Hauling – Flawless Move All The Time Biggest Sales Market where Vendors & Brides make Best Deals White Light Montessori School is offering huge discounts. Apply now! Subscribe to BN via Email! Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Recent Comments Lucinda on BN Cuisine: A Yummy Recipe for Healthy Homemade Cookie Dough Ice Cream by Dan Churchill chic wen sabi on Adefunke Ogunnisi: Lagos is Still Home! The Story of a First Time Traveller’s Trip to London Marian on “My imprisonment will not stop others from practising a custom which has been in existence for over 100 years” – Man contracted to sleep with widows and underage girls  Nene on “Freeze you are going out of line and losing focus” – OAP Dotun on the Recent Comparison between Yoruba and Igbo Women keke driver on “Beyonce I was hurt…Jay Z call me bruh! I know you got killers, please don’t send them at my head” – Kanye West goes off on a Rant at his Concert © 2016 Bella Naija. All rights reserved | About Us | The Team | Copyright | Terms And Conditions | Privacy Policy MENU Home News Features Events Music Movies & TV Style Beauty Weddings Career Relationships Living Inspired! Custom Search
Toggle navigation Products All Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution Disclosure and Regulatory Filing IR/PR Newsroom Hosting (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Solutions All Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom Contact Us Sign In to Services Blog About Us About Marketwired Media Partners Marketwired News Community Builders Full site Salles des nouvelles Plus sur nous Produits Solutions Ressources Contactez Nous Se connecter Version complète du site Ian Weintraub, Vice President Marketing, Limelight Media News Room SOURCE: Limelight Media November 17, 2016 12:55 ET Limelight Media Taps Talent Veteran Ian Weintraub as Vice President, Marketing Limelight Opens New York Office; Weintraub to Oversee LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - November 17, 2016) - Limelight Media, a Los Angeles-based entertainment marketing firm specializing in celebrity procurement for advertising and PR campaigns has named Ian Weintraub as Vice President, Marketing and head of its New York office. In his new role, Weintraub will help expand the company's reach and ability to service their clients' needs throughout each individual campaign. He will be instrumental in identifying talent, developing and negotiating program parameters, and managing the brand/talent relationships throughout the life of each client's unique partnership. Weintraub will report directly to Limelight Media Founder Wendy Dutwin. Limelight Media has worked with Shire on many of their recent celebrity campaigns, including securing Jennifer Aniston for their EyeLove campaign, pro-golfer Phil Mickelson for their Enbrel campaign, actress Blythe Danner for their Prolia campaign as well as athlete Monica Seles for their Binge Eating Disorder campaign, Maroon 5 and 'The Voice' co-star Adam Levine and actress Holly Robinson Peete for their ADHD campaigns. "Ian is a strong addition to the Limelight Media executive team," said Dutwin. "His experience in talent representation, branded content and the execution of celebrity partnerships will help expand Limelight into numerous new business opportunities. I am confident our New York office will flourish under Ian's leadership." Weintraub has had an extensive career in talent management and partnership marketing. He began his career at ICM where he worked with A-list talent, such as Dennis Hopper, Sylvester Stallone, and Shirley MacLaine. He also worked at UPP Entertainment Marketing, shifting his focus from talent to brand representation. Over seven years at UPP, Ian championed numerous ground breaking branded entertainment programs. As Director of Branded Integration, he was responsible for Waste Management's integration in the premiere episode of CBS' Undercover Boss and Jockey's multi-year endorsement partnership with celebrity stylist, Rachel Zoe. Weintraub also developed successful onscreen placement and influencer engagement programs for Samsung, TaylorMade-adidas, Motorola, Lexus, and P&G. He also consulted for PepsiCo. "Limelight Media's pedigree of executing best-in-class celebrity partnerships is well known," said Weintraub. "I am thrilled to be part of a team that takes such pride in providing clients with the premium level of service that Limelight has made their top priority for the past 12 years." In addition to the hire of Weintraub, the Women's Business Enterprise Council has recently certified Limelight Media as a Women's Business Enterprise (WBE). This world-class designation, conferred by the Women's Business Enterprise National Council (WBENC), validates that a company is 51% owned, managed, and controlled by a woman or women. "We are proud to count Limelight Media as one of the 13,000 certified WBEs in the U.S.," said Pamela S.Williamson, Ph.D, President/CEO, Women's Business Enterprise Council - West. "We are thrilled to receive this important certification by WBENC and we are honored to be a part of this great organization that promotes and fosters growth for women-owned businesses," said Dutwin. ABOUT LIMELIGHT MEDIA: Limelight Media offers VIP access to top tier talent and film and television properties with their extensive industry connections. Limelight Media helps clients avoid making costly mistakes by ensuring talent is dedicated to have unmatched industry relationships that make selecting and working with celebrities a positive experience for the client. Limelight Media service separates itself from other firms since they are a one-stop shop that also handles tasks such as celebrity travel and legal review internally. Limelight Media also handles in-studio national bookings, SMTs, RMTs, ANRs, and product integration in film and television. Past celebrity negotiations have included Phil Mickelson a program in collaboration with Amgen and Pfizer in an effort between the Arthritis Foundation and the National Psoriasis Foundation; Maroon 5's and "The Voice," co-star Adam Levine for his Shire "Own It," ADHD Campaign; Emmy® and Tony® award-winning actress Blythe Danner for Amgen/Act 2 Reduce Fractures Campaign; TV Personality Tim Gunn with Amgen/Pfizer's Addressing PsoriasisTM campaign, Academy Award Winner Hilary Swank for Pantene's Beautiful Lengths program, and Actress Brooke Shields with Tupperware's Chain of Confidence initiative. At the core of Limelight Media is owner and founder Wendy Dutwin who brings more than 20 years of experience in the entertainment industry. Dutwin's personal connection to Hollywood allows her to have her fingers on the pulse of who's working on what and who wants to be working on what in the entertainment industry. Always ahead of the curve, Dutwin's unparalleled relationship with Hollywood provides her with the knowledge that would normally be unattainable for those not engaged in the industry. Limelight Media was formed in 2004 when Dutwin decided to start an entertainment firm focused on helping companies elevate their programs combined with unparalleled personalized service lacking in the larger firms. Today, Limelight Media has an impressive list of large companies on its roster; however, the boutique firm is selective with its clients to maintain the personalized service that the company was built on. For More information please visit www.limelightmedia.net. About WBENC The Women's Business Enterprise National Council is the nation's largest third-party certifier of businesses owned and operated by women in the United States. WBENC is a resource for the more than 700 US companies and government agencies that rely on WBENC's certification as an integral part of their supplier diversity programs. For more information please visit www.wbenc.org. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2016/11/17/11G122484/Images/1deb61d-b28480d7bfc09a00be39deabf2cee259.jpg Contact Information Amy Prenner (310) 709-1101   View Desktop Version Pour voir la version complète
Serving the community for 40+ years Home About Feature News Crime Politics Education Transportation Health Environment Neighborhoods Broad Channel Elmhurst Flushing Forest Hills Glendale Howard Beach Kew Gardens Lindenwood Maspeth Middle Village Ozone Park Rego Park Richmond Hill Ridgewood Rockaway Rockaways South Ozone Park Woodhaven Opinion Sports Events Point Well Made. Ozone Park Senior Recruited to West Point 17th November 2016 The Forum News 0 Comments Photo Courtesy of  Zurita Family Flanked by fellow Poly Prep classmates on College Signing Day, Travis Zurita (c) sports the West Point cap as parents Mario and Ginza watch over their  son. By Patricia Adams Three United States presidents, 74 Medal of Honor recipients, 18 astronauts five of whom have been to the moon, 70 Rhodes Scholars, 3 Heisman Trophy winners, 3 foreign heads of state, 34 Generals of major U.S. wars, the founder of AOL, and the CEO’s of Proctor & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson. And now, 17-year-old Ozone Park native Travis Zurita, has the chance to study inside the same halls that have produced many who have and who continue to shape the greatness of our country. One conversation with the SS/center fielder from the ozone Howard Little league and there’s really no confusion as to why West Point wants him on their roster. The former honor roll student at MS 202 currently studies at Poly Prep and is now completing the rigourous application process to attend the service academy that has produced so many remarkable graduates. The second child of his Ecuadorian-Puerto Rican parents, Travis looks up to his older brother Gonzalo and watches over his younger sister, Caitlyn, whom he refers to as “My Queen.” He is described by his parents Mario and Ginza as a boy who, despite all he attention brought his way remains forever humble. Much of the attention focused on Travis centers around his talent on the baseball diamond, which is the source of his scholarship opportunity at West Point. And although he hopes to catch the eyes of NY Yankee scouts one day he is prepared to take whatever the future holds. “If I don’t get drafted I will still emerge as a young man prepared to succeed in whatever the future holds.” Travis attributes his accomplishments to hard work, the support of his family and guidance he received from an early age from Ozone Howard coach Joe Bode. “Coach Joe has been there every step of the way for me. No matter what I need, he’s there. He’s been like another father figure to me.” Now as he prepares for a June graduation and a July departure for boot camp, Travis says the most difficult thing he faces is the separation from his family. “It’s going to be a heartbreaker for me, but in the end I know it will all work out for the best.” Although leaving everything he knows and cherishes will be a challenge, the young man with humble roots seems to already have developed a strong sense of family, responsibility, ambition and love of country. Asked what advice he has for his peers to succeed, he offers these words:” If you just keep working hard, you’re guaranteed to have somethng good come to you. Guranteed.” Article Written By The Forum Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Next Article Welcome Welcome to the online home of The Forum. Be sure to like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter @forumnewsqueens. Our full archive is still available at our old website. The Forum Newsgroup 155-19 Lahn Street Howard Beach, NY 11414 Phone: (718) 845-3221 Fax: (718) 738-7645 forumsouth@gmail.com THIS WEEK NOVEMBER 10, 2016 Advertising Connect with us Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (63) October 2016  (71) September 2016  (87) August 2016  (50) July 2016  (59) June 2016  (59) May 2016  (53) April 2016  (75) March 2016  (81) February 2016  (76) January 2016  (43) December 2015  (80) November 2015  (78) October 2015  (79) September 2015  (100) August 2015  (79) July 2015  (117) June 2015  (90) May 2015  (102) April 2015  (125) March 2015  (96) February 2015  (86) January 2015  (81) December 2014  (84) November 2014  (94) October 2014  (49) September 2014  (59) August 2014  (79) July 2014  (89) June 2014  (122) May 2014  (173) April 2014  (109) March 2014  (129) February 2014  (141) January 2014  (43) December 2013  (125) November 2013  (167) October 2013  (122) September 2013  (107) August 2013  (130) July 2013  (85) June 2013  (70) May 2013  (69) April 2013  (42) March 2013  (48) February 2013  (37) January 2013  (63) December 2012  (19) October 2012  (81) September 2012  (81) August 2012  (108) July 2012  (87) June 2012  (91) May 2012  (102) April 2012  (101) March 2012  (102) February 2012  (86) January 2012  (59) December 2011  (66) November 2011  (63) October 2011  (69) September 2011  (77) August 2011  (67) July 2011  (65) June 2011  (81) May 2011  (56) April 2011  (46) March 2011  (38) February 2011  (1) July 2010  (1) April 2009  (1) Apollo WordPress Theme Designed & Developed by Authentic Themes

Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search It's Value, Value, Value at Target This Holiday By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 6 minutes ago Array 0 Divided Political Arena Mirrors the Marketing Landscape By Rance Crain - 6 minutes ago Array 0 Advertisers Appreciate Facebook's Nod to Transparency but Want Even More Data By Garett Sloane - 6 minutes ago Array 0 Chick-fil-A Rehatches Its Website to Better Reach Fans By Jessica Wohl - 6 minutes ago Array 0 Ad Age, Adlatina Salute Women to Watch Mexico at Second Annual Event By Laurel Wentz - 6 minutes ago Array 0 'Game of Thrones' Meets Sparkling Water in SodaStream's Hilarious Parody By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Facebook Reports More Measurement Glitches By Garett Sloane - 21 hours ago 0 Lowdown: See CoverGirl's First Cover Boy in New Ad By Ad Age Staff - 13 hours ago 0 Publicis Groupe Grows MillerCoors Business With Retail Win By E.J. Schultz - 15 hours ago 0 Clinton Went Too Negative, Says Democratic Latino Voter Group By Kate Kaye - 19 hours ago 0 A Ban on PowerPoint? How Diageo Changed Its Culture By E.J. Schultz - 23 hours ago 0 Lyft Ditches Mustache, Launches Biggest Campaign to Date By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 PepsiCo CEO on Trump Win: 'Our Employees Are All Crying' By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Facebook Reports More Measurement Glitches By Garett Sloane - 20 hours ago 0 Wunderman's Mark Read on Data: Beware Too Much of a Good Thing By Kate Kaye - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 Ad Age, Adlatina Salute Women to Watch Mexico at Second Annual Event By Laurel Wentz. Published on November 17, 2016. Most Popular (Bottom row, from L) Xiomara Martin Matos, Unilever; Liliana Inigo Elias, Citibanamex; Rocio Elizondo, Havas Health Mexico; Paola Figueroa, Flock Linked by Isobar; Marta Ruiz-Cuevas, Publicis Media; Sharon Zyman, Turner; Rosenda Martinez-Ramirez, GNP. (Top row, from L) Esperansita Bejnarowicz, FCA Mexico; Lourdes Berho, Mexico Tourism Board; Claudia Contreras, Samsung; Mariana de Pina, Grey; Sylvia Sanchez Alcantara, Marketing LAB; Alejandra Villarreal, Henkel; Olga San Jacinto, Google; Ana Paulina Velazquez, Kia. Credit: CUMP Ad Age's second annual Women to Watch Mexico event honored 15 outstanding women in marketing, advertising and media at a luncheon Nov. 14 at Club 51, on the 51st floor of the Torre Mayor, the third-tallest building in Mexico City. The event was organized by Adlatina, Ad Age's partner in Spanish-speaking Latin America. This year's honorees, who spoke at the luncheon attended by almost 200 people, are leading change in a fast-moving world. Liliana Inigo Elias brought a wealth of experience to Citibanamex when she joined as chief marketing officer four months ago. She started in packaged goods at Procter & Gamble and then Nestle, became the marketing head for a number of Walmart businesses in Mexico, then entered financial services at MasterCard. "The speed of retail is one of the most important things I learned," she told Ad Age. She oversaw the rebranding of Mexican bank Banamex as Citibanamex in October, and is involved in Citi's transformation to digital banking, opening three digital branches in October, with more to come. Paula Figueroa, Flock - Linked by Isobar. Credit: CUMP Paola Figueroa is one of the rare female creative leaders in the digital realm, overseeing 50 creatives -- half of them female -- as creative VP at Flock – Linked by Isobar. She became a digital specialist just two years ago, after developing a longtime interest in social media and joining Flock last year, shortly before the independent digital shop was acquired by Dentsu Aegis Network. "I arrived with humility to say I don't know everything, but understand the integration of ideas," Ms. Figueroa told Ad Age. "Clients started to see us as not just a digital agency but as an integrated one." Other agency honorees include Rocio Elizondo, an entrepreneur who brought Havas Health to Mexico, and Marta Ruiz-Cuevas, chosen to bring together all Publicis Groupe's media brands in Mexico under the new Publicis Media. "We moved 500 people in a month," Ms. Ruiz-Cuevas told Ad Age. Honorees Liliana Inigo Elias, Rocio Elizondo, Paola Figueroa and Marta Ruiz-Cuevas. Credit: CUMP Publicis Media team. Credit: CUMP Publicis' Monica Gadsby and honorees Marta Ruiz-Cuevas and Lourdes Berho. Credit: CUMP A number of this year's honorees have international roles. Lourdes Berho, who became CEO of the Mexico Tourism board this year at the invitation of Mexico's tourism minister, said she is restructuring the country's international campaigns, based on a recent segmentation study in North America that found that 18 million people were interested in traveling to places like Mexico. "We'll identify what drives them to travel and what distribution channels we need to use," she said. A similar segmentation model is coming up for Europe. Honoree Xiomara Martin Matos, from Unilever, with her family. Credit: CUMP Known for mining strategies for both brands and buyers of Unilever's products as consumer marketing insights director, Xiomara Martin Matos is responsible for 15 categories in 15 countries in Latin America. She was one of several honorees to allude to the recent U.S. elections, saying that "a door has opened to hatred and validating sexism." She said three things are clear: "Believe in ourselves; have clear objectives; and unite, not just as women, but as Mexico." Alejandra Villarreal, a Unilever and Danone veteran, joined Henkel a year ago as director of marketing, for laundry products such as detergent brand Persil and homecare in Latin America, which includes markets like Guatemala, where she says many women still wash clothes by hand. She works with Greenpeace and children's groups such as UNICEF and her job at Henkel, which she says takes corporate responsibility seriously, aligns with her core values. "In Latin America, it doesn't matter if you have the resources, you are resourceful," she said. Google's Olga San Jacinto (center) with daughter Sofia (left), and Alejandra Villarreal, of Henkel. Credit: CUMP At Women to Watch events, many honorees come with family members as well as colleagues. Olga San Jacinto brought her 13-year-old daughter Sofia, with whom she made a joint decision to move to Mexico two years ago for Google, after working with Google Maps in New York and earlier being part of Google's initial launch team in Europe. In Mexico, her role is to accelerate revenue growth, including mobile. "That includes helping Mexican companies to sell in other countries digitally without opening physical stores," she told Ad Age. Esperansita Bejnarowicz's mother and sister flew to Mexico City from Toronto for the event. Ms. Bejnarowicz, a Canadian, moved to Mexico from Detroit six years ago to introduce digital initiatives for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Mexico and now oversees all advertising for the company's seven brands. (A house ad in the Women to Watch Mexico program by FCA agency Richards/Lerma salutes Ms. Bejnarowicz, below a snapshot of her with her two small sons, for managing FCA advertising, a family and a career at 200 kilometers an hour.) Honoree Esperansita Bejnarowics (at right) with her sister and mother. Credit: CUMP Ms. Bejnarowicz, better known as Es, made her remarks at the event from her perspective as an amateur boxer: "When a blow lands, there's a way to receive it. If you're ready, you use the energy to hit back harder." Another honoree from the auto industry, Ana Paulina Velazquez, was hired away from Renault last year to help launch the Kia brand, a latecomer to Mexico, and has already been promoted. Honoree Sharon Zyman, Turner. Credit: CUMP As proof that Mexico's honorees are truly women to watch, half of the 14-person inaugural Women to Watch Mexico class from 2015 has already been promoted or changed companies since last year's event in Mexico City. Maria Teresa "Mariate" Arnal, who was leading digital transformation as CEO of JWT Mexico, joined Twitter in September as director general for Spanish-speaking Latin America. Former Saatchi & Saatchi CEO Analu Solano has been general manager of Cheil Mexico for the past three months. Regional Coca-Cola Co. creativity and content exec Marta Fontcuberta has been promoted to a global Coke role in Atlanta, and Magdalena Ferreira Lamas has gone from VP-marketing at Avon to general manager. Laura Tapia, director of marketing capabilities for Latin America, has left P&G to be a consultant. And Carolina Arana, a former swimmer, took very early retirement from Kellogg to run and grow three swimming schools she started with her husband. Up next, starting Dec. 1, agency veteran Lourdes Lamasney is leaving Richards Lerma Mexico to work on the client side for the first time, as global marketing manager at Grupo Bimbo. Women to Watch Mexico caps Ad Age's 2016 Women to Watch program, following the launch of Women to Watch Europe in London, and new classes of honorees at events in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, the U.S., and last week in Turkey. The 10 honorees in Istanbul at Women to Watch Turkey, organized by Ad Age's local partner MediaCat, were from Google, L'Oreal, MullenLowe Istanbul, Unilever, Wanda Digital, local agencies Rafineri and DirectComm and local companies Opet, Betek Group and Yasa Holding. Here is the complete list of this year's 15 Women to Watch Mexico honorees. Congratulations to: Esperansita Bejnarowicz, advertising and digital marketing manager, FCA Mexico (Fiat Chrysler) Lourdes Berho, CEO, Mexico Tourism Board Claudia Contreras, marketing director, Samsung Electronics Mexico Mariana de Pina, business unit director, Grey Mexico Rocío Elizondo, general director, Havas Health México Paola Figueroa, creative VP, Flock - Linked By Isobar Liliana Iñigo Elias, CMO, Citibanamex Xiomara Martin Matos, consumer marketing insights director, Mexico, Caribbean & Middle Americas, Unilever Rosenda Martinez, communications and corporate image director, GNP Marta Ruiz-Cuevas, CEO, Publicis Media Olga San Jacinto, division director, Google Sylvia Sánchez Alcántara, President, Marketing LAB Ana Paulina Velázquez, senior marketing manager, Kia Motors Mexico Alejandra Villarreal, director of marketing, Latin America, Henkel Sharon Zyman, VP, ad sales, Turner In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Automotive Awards CPG Consumer Electronics Creativity Event Marketing Financial Services Global News Insurance Travel Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. Home   More Uber Lost Its Way in China in 2016--but World Domination Is Still the Master Plan Where $200 Million and an Experimental Attitude Got BuzzFeed in 2016 This $200 Million Mattress Maker Is Waking Up the Sleep Industry Inside Dollar Shave Club's Billion-Dollar Payday Sweetgreen's Secret to Success? Transparency (and Plenty of Kale) How Snapchat Made Its Competition Disappear in 2016 This Startup Wants to Drag Bus Travel Out of the Dark Ages--and It Just Might Meet the Company That Wants to Make the Moon a Big Business What Michael Dell, Elon Musk, and Airbnb All Have in Common Search List Advanced Search SEARCH RESULTS: RANK COMPANY GROWTH REVENUE INDUSTRY METRO AREA See All Results What's Next for the $3.65 Billion Company Behind Pokemon Go Inside Dollar Shave Club's Billion-Dollar Payday Meet the Company That Wants to Make the Moon a Big Business This Startup Wants to Drag Bus Travel Out of the Dark Ages--and It Just Might This $200 Million Mattress Maker Is Waking Up the Sleep Industry Sweetgreen's Secret to Success? Transparency (and Plenty of Kale) Uber Lost Its Way in China in 2016--but World Domination Is Still the Master Plan Where $200 Million and an Experimental Attitude Got BuzzFeed in 2016 How Snapchat Made Its Competition Disappear in 2016 Slack Is Our Company of the Year. Here's Why Everybody's Talking About It COMPANY OF THE YEAR Inside Dollar Shave Club's Billion-Dollar Payday Dollar razors are just the beginning for this upstart shaving company. By Guadalupe Gonzalez Guadalupe Gonzalez is a Mexican journalist who is currently pursuing an MA in magazine writing at New York University. She previously worked in media relations for Femsa, a multinational company with businesses in the beverage, beer, and retail industries. Her focus lies on politics, business, media, and innovation. @mariainnyc Editorial intern@mariainnyc WRITE A COMMENT Michael Dubin, founder and CEO of Dollar Shave Club. CREDIT: Jeff Minton Advertisement Editor's Note: Inc. magazine will announce its pick for Company of the Year on Tuesday, November 29. Here, we spotlight Dollar Shave Club, one of the contenders for the title in 2016. If imitation is the highest form of flattery, Michael Dubin must be feeling good right about now. Since he launched Dollar Shave Club in 2011, at least nine other shaving-related subscription services have sprouted up. There's Harry's, started by two of the co-founders of Warby Parker; Tristan Walker's Bevel, which sells grooming products for African Americans; and Wet Shave Club, which boasts an old-school shave with its monthly box. Some other subscription services include Brickell, which specializes in organic and antiaging products; and BirchBox for men, Luxury Barber, Morgans, and Dollar Beard Club, which are focused on helping men grow their beards. And then there's Gillette Shave Club from Procter & Gamble. The consumer products giant launched its shaving subscription service in 2015. "I saw Gillette's move as validation both that we were on the right track and that we were having a major impact," says Dubin, whose Venice, California-based company first gained notoriety in 2012, after its video, "Our Blades Are F***ing Great," went supernova viral in 72 hours. What was even more validating? In July, Unilever agreed to shell out a whopping $1 billion for Dubin's company, which isn't yet profitable but reported sales of $152 million last year. Behind the payday. While snapping up Dollar Shave helps Unilever join the shaving party--and cut into its rival Gillette's market share--analysts suggest that there's more to the story. Specifically, Dollar Shave, with its more than 3.2 million subscribers, presents a treasure trove of data for the London-based consumer products maker. "They have a pretty comprehensive data bank now about the grooming habits of the American male, particularly that key 18-to-29 demographic," says Matthew Barry, an analyst at market research firm Euromonitor. Andy Hoar, analyst at Forrester Research, adds that Dollar Shave's marketing prowess is something Unilever will surely tap. To date, the company's first viral video has logged over 23.6 million views. "The most important thing in today's economy is customer attention, and if you got, it you can sell people a lot of things," says Hoar. Dubin's just happy to forget about fundraising and focus on Dollar Shave Club's next chapter. "We just started to scratch the surface on the things we want to do," he says, noting that the company will continue to operate independently. "Dollar Shave Club didn't get to be what it is because Unilever was telling us what to do or how to do it," says the 37-year-old entrepreneur. "They want to preserve the magic." Preserving the magic. So what, pray tell, is next? The four-year-old company is on its way to becoming a lifestyle brand, says Rick Prostko, managing director at Comcast Ventures and one of Dollar Shave Club's early investors. "You could see that there was a movement building here and a community forming around this brand," he says. "It's much more than just razors." Barry agrees: "Razors aren't profitable for them. You can't make money selling razors for a dollar a month. That's just not a sustainable business model," he says. He argues that the razors act as a lure; they bring in customers who add other items to their order, like bath or skin care products. And because you have a direct line to their feedback, you have a pretty good idea of what they want and look for. Still, Dubin isn't giving many hints at what's to come--other than to refer to some degree of product expansion. In 2016, the company rolled out Big Cloud and Wanderer, two new product lines focusing on skin care and shower products, respectively. Members also get service-style content by way of Bathroom Minutes, a small magazine included in the monthly subscription box. It has also been growing its original content department, including a podcast and the newly launched Mel Magazine, which has a separate website and social media channels. Not even Prostko knows what's on the agenda at the company. But he's not worried. "I'm constantly surprised by Michael's innate ability to put his finger on where the market needs to go," he says. Published on: Nov 17, 2016 Advertisement
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Hair Care Market 2016-2020 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 16, 2016, 20:07 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The global hair care market has shown a substantial growth in the recent year. Hair care products are formulated to help nourish hair and prevent hair damage resulting from pollution, dryness, and other factors. The hair care market comprises thousands of products, each claiming to have unique properties. Such products could be composed of either natural ingredients or synthetic ingredients, which are combined with other cleaning, moisturizing or protective substances. A few products that are widely available in the global hair care market include: shampoos, conditioners, serums, hair styling gels, hair colorants, hair sprays and glazes, scalp nourishing products, hair masks, and hair accessories. The growth in this market is predicted on the basis of various factors like growth drivers, current and incoming trends, current growth pattern, and market challenges. NOVONOUS has studied this market and had analyzed the driving forces behind the success of this industry globally. The report provides in-depth analysis for the hair care market for the next five years including market structure, market trends, market constraints and industry drivers. The factors driving the global hair care market are growth in urbanization, growth in income level, increasing pollution level, growing population, market consolidation with mergers and acquisitions and improvement in living standards of people, etc. Due to huge demand and opportunity in this industry, the number of small players has also increased. Some of the big established players are like L'oreal, Unilever, P&G, Estee Lauder, Etc. This growing demand has enabled the small companies to enter into the global market. Most of the big companies are opting for strategic alliances so as to expand into a new market. This industry is segmented according to geography wise and product type. In geography it is segmented into Asia Pacific, Middle East & Africa, North America, South America and Europe. North America holds the largest market share. In product type the market is segmented into shampoos, conditioners, hair styling, hair colors, hair treatments and hair oils. NOVONOUS has used SWOT, Porter's five forces and PESTLE models for analysis purpose. And on the basis of its findings NOVONOUS has been able to give strategic recommendations to End Users, Investors, Policy Makers and Service Providers. This research report present detail assessment of global hair care market with insights supported by facts and validated market data. Spanning over 157 pages and 105 exhibits, "Global Hair Care Market 2016-2020" report presents an in-depth assessment of the industry from 2016 till 2020. Scope of Global Hair Care Market 2016 – 2020 Report: - This report provides detailed information about Global Hair Care market including future market forecasts. - This report identifies the need for focusing on Hair Care market. - This report provides detailed information on growth Forecast for overall Global Hair Care market up to 2020. - This report provides detailed information on product wise shampoo, conditioners, hair oils, etc. - This report provides detailed information on geography wise (Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa (MEA), North America & South America) growth forecasts for Global Hair Care market up to 2020. - The report identifies the growth drivers and inhibitors for Global Hair Care market. - This study also identifies various policies related to Global Hair Care market. - The report identifies various credit, policy and technical risks associated with Global Hair Care market. - This report has detailed profiles 10 key players in Global Hair Care market covering their business strategy, financial performance, future forecasts and SWOT analysis. - This report covers in details the competitive landscape in Global Hair Care market. - This report provides Porter's Five Forces analysis for Global Hair Care Market. - This report provides SWOT (strengths, weakness, opportunities and threats) analysis for Global Hair Care market. - This report identifies the key challenges faced by new players in Global Hair Care market. - This report provides future trends and opportunities for Global Hair Care market. - This report also provides strategic recommendations for policy makers, end users, manufacturers and investors. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04232967-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-hair-care-market-2016-2020-300364727.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Nov 16, 2016, 20:09 ET Preview: Global Bottled Water Market 2016-2020 Nov 16, 2016, 20:06 ET Preview: Global Earthmoving Equipment Market 2016-2020 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 18, 2016, 05:41 ETCaribbean Telecommunications Report Q4 2016 Nov 17, 2016, 21:00 ETElevators Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Hair Care Market 2016-2020 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 16, 2016, 20:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
HOME MAGAZINE CURRENT ISSUE PELLET MILL MAGAZINE SEARCH ARCHIVES E-NEWSLETTERS BIOMASS WEEK PELLET MILL PRESS EVENTS CONFERENCES WEBINARS PLANTS BIOMASS POWER LIST BIOMASS POWER MAP PELLET PRODUCERS LIST PELLET PRODUCERS MAP BIOGAS PRODUCERS LIST BETA BIOGAS PRODUCERS MAP BETA SUBSCRIBE STORE DIRECTORY FIBER PRICE ANALYSIS FREE Follow us on Pellets Power Thermal Biogas Advanced Biofuels Chemicals Groups celebrate Navy’s first ‘net-zero’ energy base By Constellation | November 16, 2016 Naval Facilities Engineering Command has awarded a $170 million, 23-year energy savings performance contract to Constellation, a subsidiary of Exelon Corp., for an energy conservation and distributed generation project that will enable the Marine Corps Logistics Base in Albany, Georgia, to reduce energy use, increase energy security, and meet energy demands from renewable sources. The project includes the installation of an 8.5-MW biomass-fueled, steam-to-electricity (STE) generator, high-efficiency transformers, lighting and boiler upgrades, as well as system controls for a landfill gas electricity generator and centralized monitoring and operation of electricity generation and distribution for the base. With the added generation and conservation measures MCLB Albany officials estimate it will reduce the total annual electrical consumption by 15 percent (7,200 megawatt-hours) annually. This means the base will achieve ‘net zero’ status as it will be an energy-efficient installation where the annual energy demand will be fully met by renewable energy produced on site. Net Zero refers to the installation generating the same amount of energy as it consumes. “We look forward to continuing our efforts to conserve energy while preserving the mission effectiveness of our installation whose focus of effort is the warfighter,” said MCLB Albany’s Commanding Officer Col. James C. Carroll III. “We are always searching for additional opportunities to become the Marine Corps’ as well as the Department of the Navy’s ‘best in class’ installation.” Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany’s newest energy project is the result of nearly five years of planning and collaboration among the Marine Corps, NAVFAC, Procter & Gamble, Constellation, Georgia Power, the Georgia Public Service Commission and the Albany-Dougherty Payroll Development Authority. The logistics base is comprised of 3,600 acres, nearly 400 facilities and Marine Corps-owned and operated utility systems, to include 61 miles of electrical distribution, 19 miles of natural gas distribution, 87 miles of storm water, waste water and potable water lines. Key to the project’s success is the availability of renewable energy steam supply to power the STE generator plant. Marine Corps Logistics Base Albany will purchase steam from a 50-megawatt biomass plant located at P&G’s neighboring facility. In 2015, P&G contracted with Constellation to build, own and operate the cogeneration plant which will supply 100 percent of the steam for P&G’s paper manufacturing facility and generate electricity for the local utility, Georgia Power. “Constellation is proud to support the U.S. Marine Corps’ energy and environmental goals and MCLB Albany’s efforts toward achieving net-zero energy use,” said Constellation Senior Vice President of Distributed Energy Gary Fromer. “This is a public-private collaborative effort that will improve energy security and sustainability for MCLB Albany and P&G, while providing significant cost savings through energy intensity reductions and increasing the use of renewable energy in this community.” Rick McLeod, vice president for P&G product supply, global family care, added, “P&G originally partnered with Constellation and Georgia Power to help increase the amount of renewable energy used in manufacturing Bounty and Charmin. The onsite bio-mass facility will utilize locally abundant waste wood to produce 100 percent of the steam needed for one of P&G’s largest global facilities. We welcome the opportunity to share additional renewable steam with our neighbor, helping MCLB Albany become the first Marine Corps installation to reach net zero.” In 2009, Secretary of the Navy Ray Mabus issued five aggressive goals aimed at transforming the DON’s energy use, including increasing Alternative Energy Ashore by 2020. The DON will produce at least 50 percent of shore-based energy requirements from alternative sources, with a goal of having 50 percent of Navy and Marine Corps installations net zero.  Previous MCLB Albany energy projects include a 1.9-MW landfill gas-to-energy generator, light-emitting diode (LED) street lighting, solar arrays and a solar hot water heating system. One of the base’s largest projects has been the replacement of the conventional chiller, cooling tower and boiler HVAC system for the Marine Corps Logistics Command headquarters building and installation of the nation’s first underground borehole thermal energy storage systems. DCO Energy LLC, a proven leader in the development of central energy centers, combined-heat-and-power facilities, landfill gas-to-energy and biomass projects will provide engineering, procurement and construction services to Constellation for the MCLB Albany project. Schneider Electric will supply and install system controls. Construction is scheduled for completion in 2018. “Once completed, we expect to be the first Net Zero-energy installation within the Department of the Navy, which will be a significant national achievement and point of pride for our community,” Carroll said.     Related Articles UK trade groups REA, WHA launch biomass heat campaign Northgate Markets, Emerson partner on food waste-to-energy NextCoal International plans bio-coal, bio-oil plant in New York 2016 is a Wrap Business Briefs Study evaluates biomass harvesting methods       Join Our Mailing List ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT   ADVERTISEMENTS Home Subscribe Now Advertising Magazine Blog E-Newsletter Events About Us Contact Us Ethanol Producer Magazine Biodiesel Magazine © Copyright 2016 - BBI International - All rights reserved.
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo CASSIES Shopper Marketing Forum Awards Agency of The Year Media Agency of The Year Digital Agency of The Year PR Agency of The Year Strategy Awards PROMO! Awards AToMiC Awards Shopper Innovation Awards Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Home » Agencies, Industry Moves » Sgsco acquires 5Crowd The package design company diversifies its offering with the Toronto-based crowdsourcing shop. By Josh Kolm 4 days ago Toronto’s 5Crowd has been acquired by international package design and production company Sgsco as it continues to diversify its offering for clients. 5Crowd was founded by Bram Warshafsky and Rachel Zimmer, both former brand managers at Johnson & Johnson, at the beginning of 2014. The company specializes in crowdsourcing marketing and content production, using a proprietary platform to engage a network of freelancers in 150 cities globally for production work. Primarily working in CPG, it has worked with clients including Johnson &  Johnson, AB InBev, P&G and Pfizer. Sgsco clients will have access to the software platform that powers 5Crowd’s work, when it makes sense. Both Warshafsky and Zimmer will continue to lead 5Crowd going forward and the agency will maintain its Toronto footprint, working closely with Traffik and its founder Mark Ferrier. Traffik, also based in Toronto, was acquired by Sgsco last summer. “Businesses continue to seek different service options, and [5Crowd] provides a crowdsourced, almost gig-economy solution,” says Aidan Tracey, CEO of Sgsco. While Sgsco is grounded in packaging and production design, it has been diversifying its offering to clients through the other agencies within the group, such as Traffik for integrated communications, Marks for design adaptation, Webb deVlam for brand design and Kwikee for distribution of creative assets and data to partners like retailers and app developers. “All clients today are under significant pressure to grow top line revenue and bottom line earnings,” Tracey says. “But everyone has different needs on the way there. 5Crowd is a rapid, value-based production platform, and I think the reason we acquired it is because that’s a need that exists with a lot of customers who might not use it for everything, but definitely want that choice.” Tags: 5Crowd, SGS, SGS International, SGSCo Related Articles Lg2, Leo Burnett take top prizes at ADCC awards Up to the Minute: Cannes shrinks its juries SapientNitro, Razorfish merge Taxi Montreal wins Promutel What’s propelling Canada’s top agencies? Popular Recent Featured The 2017 CASSIES shortlist revealed Sgsco acquires 5Crowd Lg2, Leo Burnett take top prizes at ADCC awards Agency of the Year 2016: Watch the videos Ecobee’s extreme debut Careers » Screening Room » Illuminating Audi’s latest advancements SickKids gives it 100% for 100 donors Check it out: CAA calms a temper tantrum Ecobee’s extreme debut Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2016 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Professional Haircare Market to Witness Growth Through 2020, Owing to Rising Demand for Hair Color Services, Reports Technavio By Published: Nov 16, 2016 11:23 a.m. ET Share LONDON, Nov 16, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Technavio analysts forecast the global professional haircare marketto grow at a CAGR of close to 4% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global professional haircare marketfor 2016-2020. The report also lists shampoos and conditioners; hair colorants; straightening and perming products; and hair styling products as the four major segments product segments of the professional haircare market. According to Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead analyst at Technavio for cosmetics and toiletryresearch, “The market for professional haircare products is likely to see considerable growth in developing countries, where the number of hair salons is on the rise as consumers are increasingly looking for specialized products and extended services such as advice from haircare professionals for their haircare issues.” Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=54332 Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio consumer and retail analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global professional haircare market: Use of multiple platforms to engage with consumers Leveraging hair salons Rising demand for hair color services Use of multiple platforms to engage with consumers Marketing and consumer engagement plays a vital role in creating awareness, endorsing, and promoting products. Continuous consumer engagement through both offline and online platforms including mobile marketing and spreading product awareness through mobile applications, audio-video formats, and styling tips help engage consumers. Vendors also use celebrity endorsements to differentiate and promote their brands in this intensely competitive market. They are also trying to market their haircare products in-house through salons or beauty parlors. Big salon chains enter partnerships with professional haircare companies to use the companies' products in their salons and to market them to by offering samples and value packages. Daily deal sites like Groupon also have enhanced the sales of professional haircare products. These sites offer exclusive discounts on salon packs, which encourage consumers to avail the services at discounted prices. In addition, the use of smartphones for online shopping has also grown over the years. Most of the orders placed via smartphones are for apparel, skin care products, fragrances, and haircare. Players such as L'Oréal, Sephora, and ULTA Beauty have launched their own mobile applications. Leveraging hair salons The growing number of hair salons across the globe has increased the opportunity for sales of haircare products through this channel. The US hair salon industry, for example, includes 86,000 salons and barber shops. Consumers consult hair salons to get information on hair type and suitable hair products, and for professional setting of hair. Most international manufacturers of haircare products such as L'Oréal and Schwarzkopf sell their professional haircare products through salons. Haircare product vendors also have their own haircare salons. Some of the popular salons include L'Oréal Paris Professionnel by L'Oréal, Wella Professionals Salon by P&G, and Schwarzkopf Professional Salon by Henkel. Marketers of hair shampoos are now targeting professional salons to reach their end-users. In 2014, nearly 100,000 salons worldwide used P&G's Wella Professionals Koleston Perfect hair shampoo for their hairdressing services. Many beauty salon chains also have their own range of haircare products. Rising demand for hair color services The hair dyes segment dominates the global professional haircare market and continues to drive market revenues. Hair fashion trends and evolving consumer lifestyles drive the demand for coloring products. The need for continuous maintenance of hair color also increases the sales of professional after-care products and services. Hair coloring is no longer just a replacement for anti-aging, it is now a matter of style and wellness. In India, for instance, visits to hair salons have increased among men and women as product and service affordability has gone up over the last few years. Consumers here prefer dark shades such as black and brown to cover the gray hair. Hair bleaches and bright colors are popular in the 15-35-year age category. Nearly 80% of professional salons in the country keep a choice of hair color brands to meet the requirements of the consumers. “The macroeconomic factors that have led to this surge in demand for professional hair colorantsinclude lifestyle changes, urbanization, and increased consumer affluence,” says Brijesh. Browse Related Reports: Global Hair Spray Market 2016-2020 Haircare Market in Africa 2016-2020 Global Hair Serum Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can’t find what you’re looking for? Don’t worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161116005362/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Big Crunch Venezuela's toxic economy has seeped into the filings of 13% of S&P 500 companies this year Mark Fahey | Nicholas Wells Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 11:04 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES The economic implosion of Venezuela and the plunge of its Bolivar currency is showing up in the bottom line of U.S. companies with interests in the South American nation. At least 64 companies on the S&P 500 — about 13 percent of the total — informed investors through regulatory filings this year about write-offs or exposure stemming from the nation's tight grip on imports and exchange rates, according to a CNBC analysis. Venezuela has long relied on profits from the country's state-owned oil company to support local social programs. When oil prices crashed in 2014, President Nicolas Maduro responded to budgetary shortfalls by printing money, instituting price controls and tightening access to U.S. dollars, stoking runaway inflation that is expected to top 1,600 percent in 2017. Without basic goods like food and medicine, the country is facing drawn-out humanitarian and financial crises. U.S. companies have felt the squeeze as the once-lucrative market has collapsed, shutting down or writing off production facilities in the face of raw materials shortages and wild currency swings. show chapters <p>Venezuela&rsquo;s pain spreads</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Eric Chemi reports on how Venezuela&rsquo;s economic turmoil is impacting U.S. companies.</p> Venezuela’s pain spreads    Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 4:50 PM ET | 03:27 At least 10 major U.S. companies have opted to use a rare shift in their accounting rules to "deconsolidate" their Venezuela operations — removing those subsidiaries from their financial statements and effectively writing them off in one big charge. Those companies, which mentioned the country hundreds of times in 2016 filings, include PepsiCo ($1.4 billion), Mondelez ($778 million), Goodyear ($646 million) and Procter & Gamble ($2.1 billion). For some companies, the decision to deconsolidate didn't just ding profits at the end of 2015, when many companies recorded those charges, but has continued to depress expected earnings in 2016. Others have shut down operations in Venezuela entirely: Minneapolis-based General Mills — which mentioned the country 65 times in the filings — finalized the sale in March of its Venezuelan division to Lengfeld Inc., a private investor. In a filing that month, the company forecast a loss on the sale of General Mills de Venezuela of around $35 million. Home products firm Kimberly-Clark pulled out of Venezuela in 2016. As of the end of last year, the company deconsolidated its assets in the country and halted operations at its Caracas plant in July. The government quickly took the plant over and pledged to continue producing goods for locals. Industry experts said that would be impossible, however, because the raw materials are largely unavailable. The factory was later renamed for a local figure who is famous for fighting Spanish colonial rule in the 16th century. Consumer staples companies were especially exposed: Nearly a third of companies in that sector mentioned the country in their 2016 10-Q filings so far, according to a CNBC analysis. Other companies have continued to operate in Venezuela, marking down exchange rate losses and production issues as they come up. Coca Cola, for example, has written down about $132 million since the beginning of 2015 and has warned that future write-downs are also possible if the situation continues to worsen. The company slowed production in a few markets due to sugar shortages. "The most extreme example perhaps is Venezuela, where there was no sugar," President and COO James Quincey said in a July conference call. "We've actually doubled down on really driving Coke with zero sugar in Venezuela with a kind of full red One Brand look." Kellogg said that currency swings cut the company's operating profits by $132 million last year and could cut 10 cents off earnings per share in 2016, with much of that impact coming from Venezuela. Some oil field services companies, like Schlumberger and Halliburton, remain in the country, but have curtailed their operations due to late payments. In July, Halliburton reported that it had taken a $148-million writedown in accepting a promissory note for unpaid invoices from its "primary customer in Venezuela." The filing did not specify that customer by name, but state-owned PDVSA is the only company that operates in Venezuelan oil fields, according to Reuters. In an October note, analysts from Nomura said Halliburton had received its first cash interest payment on that promissory note. Simply mentioning Venezuela in a filing is a sign of exposure to the country, which has had a measurable impact on stock prices. As a group, companies that mentioned the country at least once in their 2016 earnings have underperformed the S&P 500 index by a wide margin. Over the past five years, that index would have underperformed the S&P 500 by 37 percentage points. Mark FaheyData Journalist Nicholas WellsData Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PEP --- S&P 500 --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
GoSearch Replay: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 62° 62° Low 55° High 67° Mon 52° 66° Tue 51° 67° Wed 48° 69° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Popular Heartburn Medications Linked to Higher Stroke Risk Posted 7:50 AM, November 16, 2016, by CNN Wire, Updated at 11:23am, November 16, 2016 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Sometimes, solving one problem only creates another. Millions of Americans take proton pump inhibitors to treat acid reflux and heartburn. Known as PPIs, they are among the most prescribed drugs in the United States and are widely available over the counter. But according to preliminary research presented Tuesday at an American Heart Association conference in New Orleans, these medications may also increase the risk of ischemic stroke. Ischemic strokes are the most common type of stroke, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. They occur when a blood clot cuts off blood flow to the brain. “PPIs have been associated with unhealthy vascular function, including heart attacks, kidney disease and dementia,” said Dr. Thomas Sehested, the study’s lead author and a researcher at the Danish Heart Foundation. “We wanted to see if PPIs also posed a risk for ischemic stroke, especially given their increasing use in the general population.” Most serious warning yet The research was conducted in Denmark among a quarter-million patients who suffered from stomach pain and indigestion, and were taking one of four PPIs: Prilosec, Protonix, Prevacid or Nexium. Overall stroke risk increased 21% among patients who were taking a PPI, according to the study. At the lowest doses, the authors found either no or minimal increased risk of stroke. At the highest doses, they found that stroke risk increased 33% for Prilosec and Prevacid patients, 50% for Nexium patients and 79% for Protonix patients. In an email to CNN, P&G, the company that makes Prilosec, said the drug is an “FDA approved, safe and effective remedy to relieve frequent heartburn symptoms. Prilosec OTC has the longest history of safe and effective consumer use of any [over the counter] PPI.” Takeda, the maker of Prevacid, said it could not comment on the results and conclusions of the study until the full data is published for review. “Patient safety is a top priority … and we continuously monitor the safety of all our medicines and collaborate with regulatory agencies to ensure this information is reflected in the respective prescribing information,” a spokesman said in an email to CNN. AstraZeneca, the maker of Nexium, said, “Patient safety is an important priority … and we believe all of our PPI medicines are generally safe and effective when used in accordance with the label.” A spokeswoman said the company was not consulted during the research, so it could not comment on the data. Pfizer, the maker of Protonix, did not respond to CNN’s request for comment. “At one time, PPIs were thought to be safe, without major side effects,” Sehested said. “This study further questions the cardiovascular safety of these drugs.” For years, doctors have questioned whether too many people are taking heartburn drugs. A pair of 2010 studies found that PPIs were associated with an increased risk of a serious bacterial infection. Stomach acid seems to play a role in killing off both good and bad bacteria in our gut. When someone is taking PPIs, their amount of stomach acid is reduced, and it creates an environment in which bacteria can flourish. “As a culture, we tend to want a pill to deal with our problems, when a lot of people could reduce their heartburn by eating smaller meals, drinking less alcohol or not smoking,” Dr. Michael Katz, who wrote an editorial accompanying the studies, told CNN in 2010. In April, another study published in the Journal of the American Society of Nephrology found that patients who took PPIs had a 96% increased risk of kidney failure and a 28% increased risk of kidney disease, compared with those who were prescribed alternative medications. What are the alternatives? Medical professionals estimate that the majority of people who suffer from acid reflux or heartburn could drastically or completely reduce their discomfort by making a few lifestyle changes: quit smoking, lose weight and cut back on spicy and fatty foods. If your doctor determines that you do need pills for your problem, pharmacist NaaDede Badger-Plange suggests starting with an antacid, such as Tums, Rolaids or Maalox. “Antacids usually would help if you have less than one incident a week,” Badger-Plange said. “So, if you have heartburn very rarely — especially people who have heartburn associated with certain foods — they could take antacids.” Antacids provide quick relief, but only for a short amount of time, said Badger-Plange, and consumers should pay close attention to the ingredients on the label. If you’re pregnant, you should avoid sodium bicarbonate and magnesium trisilicate. Patients with kidney disease should avoid antacids that contain aluminum. For longer-lasting relief, H2 antagonist medications (also called H2 blockers) are also an option, but they can take a few hours to kick in. “One thing to keep in mind is, certain products that are in the H2 receptor antagonist class have drug interactions,” Badger-Plange said. “So, if you have a lot of medications, you probably want to check with your pharmacist at the counter to make sure it’s OK to take those medications.” As always, you should talk to your doctor before starting or stopping any medication — prescribed or over the counter. For years, Katz has been worried that PPIs “reinforce the idea that the solution to behavioral health issues is to take a pill, and that’s just not how we’re going to get healthier,” he said in 2010. “Consumers need to ask their doctors, ‘Why am I taking this? Do I still need this? Do I have an alternative?’ “ 29.951066 -90.071532 Filed in: Health Smart, Nation/World Topics: American Heart Association, Nexium, Prevacid, Prilosec, Protonix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Instagram Popular New Federal Overtime Law Takes Effect Dec. 1, Will Impact Millions of U.S. Workers Arizona Grandmother’s Accidental Invite to Wrong Teen for Thanksgiving Dinner Goes Viral Texas Teacher Impregnated by 13-Year-Old Student She Had Sex With ‘on Almost Daily Basis’ Pleads Guilty: Report Professor Who Correctly Predicted 2016 Election Outcome Forecasts Trump Impeachment Latest News KTLA Weather: Scattered Showers this AM, Liberte Chan’s Sunday Forecast Liberte and Justice for Paws, November 20, 2016 NASA Launches New Satellite to Improve Aging Weather Satellite System With More Precise Data, Near Real-Time Imagery Priebus Defends Trump’s $25M Settlement Saying President-Elect Wants to Lead Country ‘Without Distraction’ Health Smart Nation/World Little Scientific Evidence That Flossing Is Necessary for Dental Health Health Smart Nation/World Industry Group Paid for Research Linking Heart Disease to Fat Instead of Sugar: Study Health Smart Nation/World Study: Mexico’s Soda Tax Will Save 18,900 Lives, Nearly $1 Billion Over 10 Years Health Smart Nation/World STD Rates Hits Record High in U.S. Amid Spike in 3 Sexually Transmitted Diseases: CDC Politics Hillary Clinton’s Campaign Releases Updated Health Information; Candidate ‘Recovering Well’ Health Smart Nation/World Soda Companies Sponsored Health Organizations While Lobbying Against Public Health Bills: Research Paper Nation/World Nearly Everyone on Earth Now Breathes Polluted Air, WHO Says Nation/World Australian ‘Turbo Coffee’ 80 Times Stronger Than Espresso, Could Keep Coffee Lovers Up for 18 Hours Nation/World Babies and Parents Should Sleep in Same Room for First 6 Months to Reduce Risk of SIDS, Report Shows Health Smart Local News Zika Transmissions Prompt Warning About Travel to Popular Destinations in Mexico Local News Volunteer Search Party Combs Menifee Area for Missing at-Risk Man Health Smart Nation/World Number of Women’s Deaths From Cancer Expected to Rise 60% by 2030: Report Local News Truman Capote’s Ashes Sell for $45,000 at L.A. Auction Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2016, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release The Twin Cities, Massachusetts' Berkshire County, and San Antonio Adopt Baby Box University to Reduce Infant Mortality & Aid Maternal Health By Published: Nov 16, 2016 5:00 a.m. ET Share National Philanthropy Month Events Around the U.S. Give Expecting Mothers Who Complete Online Education Program a Free Baby Box LOS ANGELES, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The Baby Box Co., the company behind the global integrated program Baby Box University to improve maternal and infant healthcare outcomes, today announced that approximately one million Baby Boxes are in circulation globally through 2016 community programs to reduce infant mortality and increase maternal and child health. The Baby Box movement continues to accelerate this November with the cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul in Minnesota, Berkshire County in Massachusetts, and San Antonio, Texas all adopting the Baby Box University program to help an additional 30,000+ moms and babies nationwide. The Baby Boxes, which are made from a durable cardboard, can be used as a baby's bed for up to the first eight months of life. Replacing the need for the traditional Moses basket or cot, it is thought the small size of the Baby Box prevents babies from rolling onto their stomachs, which experts believe contributes to SIDS. According to a new study by the American Academy of Pediatrics, which draws on current research and serves as the first update to the Academy policy since 2011, approximately 3,500 infants die annually in the United States from sleep-related deaths, including sudden unexpected infant death (SUID); ill-defined deaths; and accidental suffocation and strangulation. The number of infant deaths initially decreased in the 1990s after a national safe sleep campaign, but has plateaued in recent years. The use of Baby Boxes has been credited with helping Finland achieve one of the world's lowest infant mortality rates. The initiative, which enables every expecting woman in the country to claim a free Baby Box once she receives prenatal care and parenting information from a healthcare professional, is credited with helping to decrease Finland's infant mortality rate from 65 deaths for each 1,000 children born in 1938 to 3 deaths per 1,000 births in 2013.  The success of the Finnish Baby Box intervention inspired the founders of The Baby Box Co. to adapt this tradition with enhanced multi-media parenting curricula through Baby Box University to the benefit of nonprofits, hospitals, government institutions and individual families worldwide. The Baby Box University program's exponential growth has solidified the model as the most impactful safe sleep and parenting education intervention for millennials.  "I'm so proud to empower new parents with the physical and educational resources they need to feel confident," said Jennifer Clary, the CEO of The Baby Box Co., which is supplying these communities with the Baby Boxes and Baby Box University memberships. "Every parent has a right to the necessary tools to care for their infant and every child deserves a safe and supported start in life." The brands included in the Baby Boxes are also committed to the program's education mission, with every product featuring a scientifically proven baby brain-boosting activity parents can do while using the item. "Pampers is proud to be part of the Baby Box programs," said E. Yuri Hermida, vice president, North America Baby Care, P&G.  "As a brand dedicated to the happy, healthy development of babies for more than 50 years, we share Baby Box Co.'s important mission to support expecting parents with health education, and support new babies with a safe sleep environment." Snapshot of Baby Box Launches Across the Nation This Month On November 16th, international nonprofit Babies Need Boxes is holding a community baby shower to kick off the Twin Cities' new Baby Box program, which will be available to every family in Minneapolis and St. Paul, Minnesota, estimated to be 17,000 babies. "We believe it takes an entire community to help families be successful and safe. One of the most inspiring aspects of Babies Need Boxes is the outpouring of support that our program has inspired in mothers and public health professionals," said Danielle Selassie, Executive Director of Babies Need Boxes. "The Twin Cities' universal Baby Box program is the first step in a larger goal of building a strong global community of Baby Box supporters who can come together and help all families, regardless of socio-economic status, achieve their full potential." On November 17 [th] , nonprofit Berkshire Baby Box is hosting a "Baby Box Shower" in Berkshire County, Massachusetts with new parents, expectant moms and special guests to launch the universal countywide program. Senator-Elect Adam Hinds and Massachusetts State Representative Tricia Farley-Bouvier will be speaking at the Berkshire all-county launch.   "Receiving Baby Boxes for safe sleep is the most obvious 'takeaway' from our events, but for pregnant women these gatherings provide education and support by linking new mothers to each other, and to the network of services available in the wider Berkshire community," said Hinda Bodinger, Founder of Berkshire Baby Boxes. University Health System in Texas has a similar goal for San Antonio families. Their staff is launching a San Antonio Baby Box University syllabus, which will shortly thereafter be added to and introduced citywide thanks to B.E.S.T., a groundbreaking safe sleep coalition formed by all the hospital systems in San Antonio working together. "Our pilot program, which distributed Baby Boxes to new parents in need, was an incredible success — generating a lot of interest and excitement and providing each of those babies a safe place to sleep," said George B. Hernàndez Jr., president and CEO of University Health System. "Our region has seen a tragic increase in Sudden Unexpected Infant Deaths, due largely to unsafe sleep practices, and our hope is the expansion of the Baby Box program will start to reverse that trend." Families living in the communities launching Baby Box University programs will be eligible to receive a Baby Box which includes newborn essentials such as Pampers Swaddlers diapers, Pampers baby wipes, Vroom activity cards from the Bezos Family Foundation, Lansinoh breast pads, onesies, and much more. While parents appreciate the Baby Boxes and quality products, it is the educational component and closer communication with local healthcare providers that is at the center of the Baby Box University distribution model. Families will be required to view their community's online curriculum related to prenatal care, breastfeeding, safe sleep practices and newborn care before receiving a free Baby Box. In this way, the Baby Box University program model pays its ultimate homage to the Finnish tradition, which is committed not just to universal product distribution, but to supporting its families with access to healthcare and education. About The Baby Box Co.Entrepreneurs Michelle Vick and Jennifer Clary founded The Baby Box Co. to offer a safe sleep environment to babies everywhere. The Baby Box Co. is an innovative, integrated program to support parents and improve maternal and infant healthcare outcomes globally. The Baby Box Co. partners with hospitals, government agencies and non-profit organizations to provide Baby Boxes, quality products, resources and ongoing education to families on a large scale. Baby Boxes are also available direct to consumer either as a standalone item or filled with new baby essentials. Serving families in 52 countries, The Baby Box Co. has offices in UK, USA, Canada, Australia, and Singapore. For more information or to purchase a Baby Box, please visit www.babyboxco.com and www.babyboxuniversity.com     About Babies Need BoxesBabies Need Boxes is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization that provides the life-saving Finnish Baby Box tradition to families in the United States and abroad. Our mission is to equip families with safe sleep education, a safe sleep environment for their baby, newborn care essentials to promote self-sufficiency and interactive items to foster positive parent/child interactions. For more information please visit. http://www.babiesneedboxes.org. About Berkshire Baby BoxBerkshire Baby Box is a 501(c) 3 non-profit organization that provides the Finnish style "Baby Shower in a Box" to expectant mothers in The Berkshires, Massachusetts. About University Health SystemUniversity Health System is a nationally recognized teaching hospital and network of outpatient healthcare centers, ranked Best Hospital in the San Antonio area by U.S. News & World Report. We provide exceptional care for high-risk mothers-to-be in a 21-county region of South Texas, and offer the highest level of care for newborns with a comprehensive team of neonatal specialists and a Level IV Neonatal Intensive Care Unit.  University Hospital is the premier Level I trauma center and only Level I pediatric trauma center and burn program in South Texas. Learn more at UniversityHealthSystem.com.        Photo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439979  Photo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439980  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160509/365428LOGO  Logo- http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439981LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-twin-cities-massachusetts-berkshire-county-and-san-antonio-adopt-baby-box-university-to-reduce-infant-mortality--aid-maternal-health-300363848.html SOURCE The Baby Box Co. Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Indore Patna Express derails: Death toll crosses 100; Suresh Prabhu to arrive at accident spot Patna-Indore express derailed: Indian Railways issues helpline numbers Indore Patna Express derails near Kanpur: Top updates so far Indore Patna express derails: President Pranab Mukherjee condoles loss of lives in accident Demonetisation: Queues get shorter, but problems remain Home Education Consulting sector gets highest share of IIM-C PGDM summer internship Consulting sector gets highest share of IIM-C PGDM summer internship Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector. By: PTI | Kolkata | Published:November 16, 2016 2:50 pm Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector. Consulting sector had the highest share of 24 per cent at the summer internship programme of the PGDM course at IIM Calcutta. Summer Placements for the class of 2018, which concluded last week at the prestigious institute, witnessed out of over 460 summer internship offers made on campus by Mckinsey & Co., Bain & Co., The Boston Consulting Group, AT Kearney and Accenture Strategy, a statement released by the institute said. Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector, it stated. The sector witnessed a surge in the number of banking sector firms and private recruiters participating in the placement process with Goldman Sachs being the top recruiter in the category. The FMCG and Consumer Product firms from the likes of HUL, P&G, ITC, L’oreal, J&J hired in large numbers. Besides, Food & Beverages companies like PepsiCo., Coca Cola, Mondelez, Nestle hired 19 per cent of the batch in Sales & Marketing roles, the release stated. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened Read: IIM Bangalore: Management consulting, FMCG firms emerge as top recruiters in summer placements And 14 per cent of the batch was hired for leadership roles in conglomerates like Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra & Mahindra and others. Aditya Birla Group stayed on top as the largest & most consistent recruiter in this domain with the highest number of offers, the release said. E-commerce witnessed loss of some recruiters, most of them being start-ups. This loss of roles was mostly made up by the increase in Finance & Leadership roles on the campus. The highest stipend bagged by IIM Calcutta for this summer placement season is Rs 4.5 lakh per month coming from the BFSI sector, it added. For more education news, click here Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Gujarat: Two dead, three injured after cable bridge collapse in Bharuch Last-minute penalty sinks Roma at Atalanta After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Formula 1 Boxing Cricket Horse Racing Row Zed Rugby Union Other Sports Athletics Cycling Darts MMA WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited Home Money Groupon Money Groupon at centre of fake goods scandal as probe reveals sale of dodgy designer gear A BBC Watchdog probe revealed gold jewellery was nothing but costume jewellery  Share  Comments ByRuki Sayid 00:16, 16 NOV 2016 Updated09:58, 16 NOV 2016 Money Groupon at centre of fake goods scandal as probe reveals sale of dodgy designer gear (Photo: Getty)  Share  Comments Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Popular deals website Groupon is at the centre of a fake goods scandal after an investigation revealed sellers flogging dodgy designer gear and jewellery. A probe by the BBC ’s Watchdog programme found a set of gold sapphire earrings said to be worth £300 but knocked down by a staggering 95% were no more than costume jewellery. For experts from hallmark specialists The London Assay Office found they were worthless as the metal contained no gold and the gems were also fake. Chris Walne from The London Assay Office said: “Groupon are breaking UK law by claiming the stones are sapphires and by using terms like ‘white gold filled’. We could not see any gold at all on those earrings. I wouldn’t buy them for £2 let alone £15 or £300.” Shoppers were also stung by desirable Ralph Lauren shirts slashed by 53% which were found to be counterfeit by Trading Standards officers. And an industrial size box of best selling Ariel washing powder on sale for half price at £21.98 was unmasked as a copycat version following tests by parent company Proctor and Gamble. Jewellery was found to be nothing but costume pieces The hit show to be screened on BBC1 tonight at 8pm revealed Groupon customer Carl Churchman of Hove, Sussex became suspicious when the powder failed to create suds in his washing machine or have the familiar Ariel smell. And when his skin started to itch and he developed a rash after washing bed linen with the powder, he sent a sample to Proctor and Gamble to complain. But tests revealed the washing powder was not Ariel. Watchdog presenter Nikki Fox said: “Groupon is a trusted name online but as our research shows you can’t always trust the deals on their site. Some of the prices look unbelievable and as tonight’s Watchdog reveals - they are.” In a statement Groupon told Watchdog it was investigating the gold earrings scam and said it had axed them from its site. It said: “Any customer who is concerned about a deal they have bought should contact us so we can resolve their query.” And the statement added: “As with any major online retailer, we take counterfeiting seriously and work hard to make sure that no-one ends up being disappointed with their purchase. “We work closely with suppliers to perform checks to ensure counterfeit items do not enter the supply chain. "On the extremely rare occasion where we are made aware that a product we’ve sold may be counterfeit, we immediately conduct an investigation and if necessary, recall the product and provide a full refund.” Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Money Newsletter Follow @MirrorMoney Subscribe to our Money newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Groupon BBC money all Most Read Most Recent Shopping & DealsWhen is Black Friday 2016? Deals predictions, stores to watch and online shopping tips ahead of the huge November blow out If you're counting down to the retail bonanza, here's our guide to get you prepared MoneyCollectors are paying hundreds for new £5 note - but which ones are worth the most? As the new banknotes to come into circulation some with certain serial numbers are attracting sky-high prices Autumn StatementWhen is the Autumn Statement 2016? Date, predictions and details expected in Philip Hammond's first budget announcement All the latest Autumn Statement predictions, news and analysis ahead of Philip Hammond's debut as Chancellor - and how the 'spending review' fits in Black FridayAmazon Black Friday 2016 deals: Sunday's top offers include 48% off De'Longhi coffee machines and 50% off Ted Baker shoes The online retail giant is releasing limited discount offers across all departments every day until 25 November MoneyWhere to buy a Hatchimals as the popular toy for Christmas 2016 sells out at major retailers The countdown is on until Christmas and competition to snap up a Hatchimal toy for your little ones may be harder than you think Autumn StatementWhen is the Autumn Statement 2016? Date, predictions and details expected in Philip Hammond's first budget announcement All the latest Autumn Statement predictions, news and analysis ahead of Philip Hammond's debut as Chancellor - and how the 'spending review' fits in MoneyWhere to buy a Hatchimals as the popular toy for Christmas 2016 sells out at major retailers The countdown is on until Christmas and competition to snap up a Hatchimal toy for your little ones may be harder than you think Christmas treesWhen is the best time to put Christmas decorations up and where to buy a Christmas tree? When should I put the Christmas tree up and where is the best place to buy one? We answer your questions Black FridayAmazon Black Friday 2016 deals: Sunday's top offers include 48% off De'Longhi coffee machines and 50% off Ted Baker shoes The online retail giant is releasing limited discount offers across all departments every day until 25 November Shopping & DealsWhen is Black Friday 2016? Deals predictions, stores to watch and online shopping tips ahead of the huge November blow out If you're counting down to the retail bonanza, here's our guide to get you prepared Most Read Most Recent Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect Weird NewsMystery sphere spotted zooming past sun by NASA satellites - sparking conspiracy theories over UFOs Other frames in the series do not feature the sphere, nor does any image from October's captures from the mission UK NewsCancer-stricken girl, 4, who reduced world to tears after father posted heartbreaking picture of her suffering has died The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body Celebrity NewsSusan Boyle may NEVER sing live again - as she reveals two-stone weight loss secrets and looks for love SuBo says her Asperger’s syndrome has become so crippling that she is unable to set dates for another tour World newsISIS leader reveals how he feels about beheading prisoners, the future if Mosul falls and missing his CAT Rachid Kassim, linked to a string of terror attacks in Europe, has given a startling frank account of his life in Islamic State Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea: Diego Costa strike sends Blues top of the table - 5 things we learned Costa scored the only goal of the game as Antonio Conte's side moved to the top of the Premier League Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea LIVE: Costa scores 10th goal of the season as Blues look to go top Antonio Conte's in-form Blues can go clear at the top with a sixth-consecutive league win - but won't have it all their own way against Aitor Karanka's men ATP World Tour FinalsAndy Murray vs Novak Djokovic live updates from ATP World Tour Finals showdown at the O2 Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player ATP World Tour FinalsWhat channel is Andy Murray vs Novak Djokovic on? TV info and more ahead of the season finale Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player ATP World Tour FinalsWhat time is Andy Murray vs Novak Djokovic? TV info and more ahead of the World Tour Finals finale Djokovic and Murray will meet in Sunday's final at the O2 in London and the equation is simple: whoever wins will end the year as the world's top-ranked player Top Stories Paul GascoigneFears for ex-England star after second dinner event cancelled as "very upset" legend hit with "bad news" A promoter claimed Paul Gascoigne had received some 'bad news' and was 'very upset' Greater Manchester PoliceTerrified families barricaded inside pub with children as vicious knife and hammer battle erupts in car park One terrified patron recounted: "It was really scary especially when we had five young children with us and some (of the lads) were trying to get inside" BrexitBlundering Boris Johnson accused of taking the WRONG notes to Brexit meeting with Theresa May The bumbling Tory is said to have prompted "groans of disapproval" in Downing Street West Bromwich Albion FCSaido Berahino sent BACK to France fitness camp by West Brom in bid to recover from 'most difficult year' Berahino travelled to the south of France earlier this season and the club say it is the best way forward for him if he returns for another spell ShopliftingShop assistant 'chokes alleged thief on the ground even AFTER she claims to be three months pregnant' A clothes shop worker pinning an alleged thief to the ground attracts jeers and horrified gasps after the woman claims she is pregnant - and he continues to lie on top of her Premier LeagueMiddlesbrough 0-1 Chelsea: Diego Costa strike sends Blues top of the table - 5 things we learned Costa scored the only goal of the game as Antonio Conte's side moved to the top of the Premier League Weird NewsSome people are born with tiny holes above their ears – and this is why No, this has got nothing to do with piercing, it's a strange, rare birth defect DrugsSix-year-old boy exposed to high levels of METH after his parents unknowingly moved into an old drug den The boy's condition only became apparent when his school performance crashed, and it later emerged that authorities knew the home had been a meth lab MonkeysMonkey 'pulls off girl's headscarf sparking violent clashes between mortar-wielding tribes leaving 16 dead and dozens injured' Tanks, mortars and other heavy weapons were used during the four days of violent clashes in the Libyan city of Sabha ImmigrationDetainees at British immigration centre held in isolation amid fears of a TB outbreak Detainees at Yarl's Wood immigration centre in Bedford are in isolation after one woman was taken the hospital with tuberculosis UK News"My princess has grown her angel wings": Dad who shared heartbreaking picture of his girl battling cancer announces she has passed away The shocking picture showed little Jessica Whelan in visible pain as the cancer coursed through her body. Now dad Andy announces she has 'found peace' Heathrow AirportBreaking: Massive fire close to Heathrow Airport sends thick black smoke billowing into the sky Flights departing and arriving at the airport will not be affected, a spokesman confirmed tonight News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2016 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Keeping medicines safe from microbial contamination Special Listen | Print By Tim Sandle     Nov 17, 2016 in Science Nottingham - The U.K. hosts one major pharmaceutical microbiology event each year, hosted by Pharmig. Here practitioners hear from experts, discuss current trends and learn about new technology. The main theme was keeping medicines safe. The event was held at a hotel in Nottingham (the Belfry) and it was the 24th conference held by the Pharmaceutical Microbiology Interest Group (Pharmig.) Pharmig stand at the conference, putting forward new ideas for pharmaceutical microbiology. Tim Sandle The conference opened with an address by a representative of the U.K.'s pharmaceutical products regulator (the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency — MHRA). The presentation was delivered by Andrew Hopkins. The focus was on the forthcoming revision to the guidance for the manufacture of sterile pharmaceutical products. Such products are generally administered to very ill people, who often have weak or compromised immune systems. MHRA presentation at the November 2016 Pharmig conference, covering sterile products updates. Tim Sandle The second presentation of the first day was on the subject of data integrity. This largely concerns computer systems, such as systems used for recording the results of laboratory assays (and where the results contribute to the overall assessment of whether a drug product is both safe and efficacious). This was delivered by Julie Roberts, a pharmaceutical consultant. In some regions of the world fraudulent practices have taken place where data has been changed, and this has led to an increased focus from regulatory bodies (such as the U.S. Food and Drug Administration). Unintentional compromises to data can also occur through system data losses. The next presentation was delivered by U.S.-based microbiologist Dr. Tony Cundell. Dr. Cundell, who sits on the microbiology working group for the United States Pharmacopoeia, looked at the safeguards around pharmaceutical compounding. In recent years, compounding centers have been hit by various quality issues, including the need for product recalls due to microbial contamination issues. The most infamous of these was the New England Compounding Center, where a fungal contamination incident of a sterile injection product intended to treat arthritis led to the deaths of 64 people and caused life-changing injuries to over 700 more. This incident was extensively covered by Digital Journal. Dr. Cundell explained that while progress had been made, greater vigilance was required. Dr. Cindell presenting at the 2016 Pharmig conference. Tim Sandle The fourth presentation was on advances in laboratory technology in the form of rapid microbiological methods. This was delivered by Dr. Paul Newby of GlaxoSmithKline. Rapid microbiological method technologies aim to provide more sensitive, accurate, precise and reproducible test results when compared with conventional, growth-based methods. Rapid methods normally involve some form of automation, and the methods often capture data electronically. The fifth presentation, by Dr. Kevin Wright (Procter & Gamble), considered how methods can be transferred between different laboratories without any technical hitches. The sixth, and final presentation of the first day, was a case study from Public Health England. Here Dr. Bharat Patel gave the background into a series of deaths of newborn babies in Northern Ireland in 2011-2012. The cause was due to a bacterium called Pseudomonas aeruginosa, and the organism had colonized the water systems of several hospitals in Belfast. The case study included some important lessons to be learned. Delegates examining the exhibition hall at the Pharmig 2016 conference. Tim Sandle Inter-spaced between the presentations were workshops. The subjects included data integrity, where Julie Roberts built upon her presentation; improving cleaning and disinfection practices, hosted by Laura Guardi and Rachel Blount; and an expert corner, run by Andy Martin and Andy Brack. An additional session was held by this writer on the quality of culture media. Culture media is of fundamental importance for most microbiological tests: to obtain pure cultures, to grow and count microbial cells, and to cultivate and select microorganisms. Without high-quality media, the possibility of achieving accurate, reproducible, and repeatable microbiological test results is reduced. The following day of the conference was opened by a second lecture from Dr. Cundell. This concerned the safe testing of non-sterile pharmaceutical products (such as an inhaler or tablet.) Some sound advice for screening for so-called 'objectionable' microorganisms was offered. The second presentation of day two was from Laura Guardi, who works for the global company AstraZeneca. This provided some best practice guidance on the validation of disinfectants. Keeping the environment within which pharmaceutical products are manufactured in control, and with a low level of microorganisms, is critical to product quality and this can be achieved through the use of appropriate disinfectants. To know whether a disinfectant is suitable requires validation. Visitors and exhibitors meet to discuss new innovations at Pharmig 2016. Tim Sandle This was followed by a presentation by Dr. Anna Lovatt on the selection of microbial identification systems and the appropriate strategy for characterizing microbial contamination. Characterizing a microorganism can provide important information as to its origin and potential impact in relation to a product or in relation to the environment in which it was isolated. The penultimate presentation of the conference was delivered by Edel Fitzmaurice, a consultant microbiologist based in Ireland. This looked at the optimal means for designing risk assessment for the safe production of pharmaceutical products. The conference closed with a lecture by Peter Gough (of the company NSF) on the impact of Brexit on the U.K. pharmaceutical industry. Here the outcome remains uncertain. A closing presentation by Edel Fitzmaurice on the application of risk assessment tools and techniques. Tim Sandle The conference succeeded in emphasizing the importance of risk assessment to keep pharmaceutical medicines safe from microbial contamination and the need to embrace the latest techniques and technologies in order to make this happen. More about pharmaceutical microbiology, Medicines, Microbiology, pharmig, tim sandle More news from pharmaceutical micro... Medicines Microbiology pharmig tim sandle Conference Latest News Top News UN warns time 'running out' as fresh fighting hits Aleppo Philippines' Duterte meets 'hero' Putin Merkel: from austerity queen to democratic torch-bearer 15 killed, more than 35 wounded in southern Libyan tribal clashes Review: Barclays Center falls in love to the beat of Brett Eldredge Special Violence puts Yemen ceasefire extension in doubt New Zealand town builds underpass tunnel for penguins France's seven centre-right presidential hopefuls Op-Ed: Why Kovalev deserves immediate rematch against Ward Review: Keith Urban headlines the Barclays Center, puts on awesome show Special Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2016 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Data.gov To Speak At The Chief Data Officer Summit In New York Amidst Uncertainty About The Future Of Open Data In Government Data.gov To Speak At The Chief Data Officer Summit In New York Amidst Uncertainty About The Future Of Open Data In Government Posted on November 17, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer John Jediny, the Chief Data Engineer at Data.gov, is to speak at the Chief Data Officer Summit in New York on December 7 & 8, less than 30 days after Donald Trump’s election New York (PRWEB) November 17, 2016 On May 9, 2013 President Obama signed an executive order that created an open data source for US citizens, in essence bringing data.gov into existence. However, given that this was created from an executive order, will Donald Trump remove it given his promise to “cancel immediately all illegal and overreaching executive orders”? John Jediny, the Chief Data Engineer at Data.gov, is to speak at the Chief Data Officer Summit in New York on December 7 & 8, less than 30 days after Donald Trump’s election. John will be discussing what has been achieved by Data.gov since its inception and also what the future could hold for open data in the US government. The summit comes at a time when the use of data within government has grown over the past 8 years, with President Obama appointing the first Chief Data Officer at the White House, but it is unclear what Donald Trump’s approach will be. In May 2016 Trump said of data “I've always felt it was overrated,” which is likely to have put several data-driven government departments on alert. Since the inception of the Data.gov US citizens have been given the opportunity to do things like compare college costs, search data to promote fair housing policy, find out the safety of hospitals and make decisions on schooling through open data initiatives. It has become one of the biggest successes of the Obama administration and has benefited millions of people across the US, but given what’s been said, could it be one of the first executive orders to be scrapped? In addition to Data.gov, the summit will hear from many of these departments and municipalities including, the CIA and Department of Homeland Security, two agencies who will likely need to be at the centre of Trump’s policies. With these government departments presenting it is likely to paint a clearer picture of what the next four years is going to hold for government departments which have taken a more data-driven approach. As well as government departments, the summit will also host some of the most progressive companies in the world with P&G, Standard Chartered Bank, Johnson & Johnson, Morgan Stanley and Vevo, all taking to the stage across the two days at the Crowne Plaza Times Square Manhattan. For more information or to arrange press passes, please contact acherve(at)theiegroup(dot)com. Innovation Enterprise Ltd, a division of Argyle Executive Forum, is a business-to-business media brand specializing in delivering the most innovative business solutions to executive-level decision makers. Innovation Enterprise produces a range on online and offline content, including, but not limited to, summits, online learning, webinars, and white papers, as well as offering other additional services such as lead generation and bespoke research. Innovation Enterprise focuses on seven key channels – Finance, Supply Chain, Analytics, Big Data, Strategy, Digital, Innovation & Sports – to ensure that organizations are furnished with all the cutting-edge insights necessary to driving growth in the evolving business environment. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13852458.htm Latest News InventHelp Invention Eliminates Blind Spots for Drivers (TOR-9584) InventHelp Inventor Creates An Improved Baiting Device (SUU-339) InventHelp Inventor Creates Improved Smartphone/Tablet Case (SUU-337) InventHelp Inventor Develops Trash-Can Accessory (STU-2119) InventHelp Inventors Develop Accessories for Customizing Musical Instruments (STU-2113) InventHelp Inventor Develops Carpet-Cleaning Tool for Pet Owners and Carpet Cleaning Companies/Manufacturers (STU-2076) Solar Panel Lifter Invented by InventHelp Client (SDB-951) InventHelp Client’s Accessory Prevents Shoulder and Neck Strain While Sitting in Low-Backrest Chairs (SDB-626) InventHelp Inventor Creates Graffiti Prevention Device (SFO-277) InventHelp Inventor Develops Football-Themed Support Pillow (SFO-276) © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12394754 Home 12394946 Livestream 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast School Closings Fight Cancer: No Shave November 12394790 News Local News Election Results KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Jesse Jones Seattle Anti-Freeze 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports Viaduct Shutdown 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12394874 Sports Mariners Sounders FC Seahawks College Sports Huskies Cougars High School Football Seattle Storm Seattle Reign FC 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Profiles More 'Tangled web': Trump's businesses could create conflicts by: BERNARD CONDON, AP Business Writer Updated: Nov 16, 2016 - 11:55 AM Twtter NEW YORK (AP) - Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father's company, insisted the two wouldn't discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: "Trust me." The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a "blind trust" run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Trump's plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump's holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets - or those of business partners - and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries - in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump's holdings "unprecedented" in size and complexity for a president, a "tangled web" of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn't even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump's influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump's lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS' "60 Minutes" on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to "save our country." "I don't care about hotel occupancy," he added. He called matters like that "peanuts." The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is "vetting various structures" with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump's children, along with a "team of highly skilled executives." Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can't control their portfolio and may not even know what's in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner's knowledge. "It's one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily," Gross said. "It's another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract." In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump's children in his business. He called the situation "very unusual." "There's no perfect way to do this," Giuliani said. "You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president." ___ Bernard Condon can be reached at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter 'Tangled web': Trump's businesses could create conflicts Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short The Latest: Trump meets with Hollywood's Ari Emanuel Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended Judge allows suit by ex-TV anchor fired after online remarks News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Seattle Coupons About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Search As oil palm expands, African nations agree to protect forests by Alex Whiting | @AlexWhi | Thomson Reuters Foundation Wednesday, 16 November 2016 16:41 GMT Women prepare to extract red palm oil in Dabou, around 49 km (30 miles) from Abidjan June 12, 2013. Ivory Coast is seeking to double palm oil production to around 600,000 tonnes by 2020. REUTERS/Thierry Gouegnon About our Climate coverage We focus on the human and development impacts of climate change Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says Myanmar refugee doctor wins humanitarian prize for clinic in Thailand 'The old me is gone': Rise in transgender children in UK fuels identity fears Impoverished families flout Guatemala's child marriage ban Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era Aim is to avoid replicating the tropical forest losses across Southeast Asia as a result of palm oil expansion By Alex Whiting ROME, Nov 16 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Central and West African countries have promised to protect their tropical forests from being cut down to make way for palm oil crops, in a declaration signed on Wednesday by governments representing more than 70 percent of Africa's tropical forests. Palm oil, one of the world's most widely used vegetable oils, is a fast-growing business and a major cause of tropical deforestation worldwide. The seven countries that signed the declaration in Marrakesh, where international climate talks are taking place, want to expand into the $50 billion global palm oil market. The countries, however, also are home to about 13 percent of the world's remaining tropical forest, particularly in the Congo Basin region. Those are at risk as the palm oil market expands, toward an estimated $88 billion a year by 2022, according to the World Economic Forum. "It's really exciting and important that these countries which are about to expand into the market have learned from the path that (Malaysia and Indonesia) took," Dominic Waughray, head of public-private partnerships at the World Economic Forum, said in a telephone interview. Indonesia and Malaysia export about 85 percent of the world's palm oil. Malaysia has already cleared much of its forests to grow the crop, and Indonesia is in the process of doing so, Waughray told the Thomson Reuters Foundation. The World Economic Forum hosts the Tropical Forest Alliance 2020, a partnership of governments, companies and non-governmental organisations, which produced the Marrakesh Declaration. About half of global tropical deforestation is driven by beef, soy, palm, and paper and pulp. But palm oil is probably the biggest driver of the four commodities, Waughray said. It is used in a host of everyday goods, from soap to breakfast cereals, as well as for frying and fuel. PRESSURE FROM BUYERS Some of the pressure on governments to protect forests comes from major buyers such as Kellogg's, Unilever, and Procter & Gamble, which aim to strip deforestation from their palm oil supply chains by 2020, Waughray said. Paul Polman, chief executive officer of Unilever - a major palm oil buyer - welcomed the signing of the declaration. "Palm oil, if produced sustainably, can play a key role in poverty alleviation by helping farmers thrive economically while adopting sustainable agricultural and business practices," he said on Wednesday. Under the declaration, governments have also promised to protect the human rights and livelihoods of indigenous people and smallholder farmers, and help them access the booming market. "Deforestation has often been linked to human rights violations," said Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim, co-chair of the International Indigenous People's Forum on Climate Change. "People are losing access to the land they have always lived on and farmed. I hope this declaration will be an example to the rest of the region and encourage other tropical forest African countries to follow in the commitment," she said in a statement. The seven governments are the Central African Republic, Ivory Coast, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Ghana, Liberia, the Republic of Congo and Sierra Leone. The declaration "is not just about environmental sustainability, it's also transparency in that supply chain (including) respecting and managing the rights of indigenous peoples groups," Waughray said. (Reporting by Alex Whiting, Editing by Laurie Goering.; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit http://news.trust.org) Themes Forests $THEME_LOOKUP.get("${o}") Companies Agriculture and environment Climate Politics Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE Climate NEWS World's first forest bond beats expectations Original Dakar's threatened 'green lung' gets reforestation boost India to develop its own palm oil sustainability framework: trade body Original Don't blame cocaine for South American forest loss, study says About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2016 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election Obama, Putin speak for four minutes about Syria and Ukraine Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says Pence not offended by comments to him at 'Hamilton' show Join Us Comments Close As oil palm expands, African nations agree to protect forests We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 3 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Business ‘Tangled web’: Trump’s businesses could create conflicts The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it President-elect Donald Trump, right, kisses his son Eric farewell after dining at the 21 Club, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. (Kathy Willens/Associated Press) By Bernard Condon | AP November 16 NEW YORK — Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father’s company, insisted the two wouldn’t discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: “Trust me.” The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a “blind trust” run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Trump’s plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump’s holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets — or those of business partners — and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries — in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump’s holdings “unprecedented” in size and complexity for a president, a “tangled web” of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn’t even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump’s influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump’s lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS’ ”60 Minutes” on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to “save our country.” “I don’t care about hotel occupancy,” he added. He called matters like that “peanuts.” The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is “vetting various structures” with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump’s children, along with a “team of highly skilled executives.” Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can’t control their portfolio and may not even know what’s in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner’s knowledge. “It’s one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily,” Gross said. “It’s another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract.” In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump’s children in his business. He called the situation “very unusual.” “There’s no perfect way to do this,” Giuliani said. “You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president.” ___ Bernard Condon can be reached at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. business true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 3 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 3 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 For foreign diplomats, Trump hotel is place to be 2 Trump’s pick for attorney general: ‘Good people don’t smoke marijuana’ 3 The North Pole is an insane 36 degrees warmer than normal as winter descends 4 The real secret to Asian American success was not education 5 The real story behind that exaggerated Ford tweet from Donald Trump Market Watch DJIA -0.19% NASDAQ -0.23% Get quote Last Update: 11/20/2016(DJIA&NASDAQ) Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game business Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Tech Drivers A coding revolution in the office cube sends message of change to IT "I think it's going to take over every industry, every segment, every country, every sector." — Salesforce.com executive Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 9:48 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Luke MacGregor | Bloomberg | Getty Images An unlikely job led Damian O'Farrill to catch the coding bug: salsa dance instructor. O'Farrill was teaching salsa lessons in Mexico. He didn't have a tech background, but he knew there had to be a better way to keep track of his students' progress and keep up on billing than with old-fashioned pen and paper. He turned to low-code platforms — products that allow users to build applications with very little coding knowledge. Low-code platforms focus more on dragging and dropping prebuilt components than writing code. Using a low-code platform from Salesforce.com and instructional videos from Salesforce.com's Trailhead website, O'Farrill built his own application to monitor his students' levels and payment schedules. But it didn't stop there. O'Farrill caught the coding bug, inspired by all he could do with low-code platforms. He started trying more tools and learning programming languages online. A few years after O'Farrill built his first application to monitor salsa dance lessons, he began searching for jobs in the United States. He knew it would be particularly difficult finding work as a foreigner who needed sponsorship. "If I didn't have my Salesforce knowledge, I'm pretty sure I would not have been sponsored by any company," he said. Today he is in charge of marketing and sales automation at software design and services company Autodesk. "I was really doing creative work then. I had nothing to do with coding," O'Farrill said. "Now people perceive me as the tech guy." $15B emerging market to battle with traditional IT Low-code platforms are giving rise to a new generation of coders like O'Farrill. They're called citizen developers. These developers don't necessarily have formal computer science education. Nor do they work in IT. But with low-code platforms and online tutorials to help build new applications, citizen developers often solve problems encountered in their day-to-day work. Anyone can build a web or mobile application with minimal coding knowledge using programs from low-code platform vendors like QuickBase, Caspio and Zudy, or from tech giants like Microsoft and Salesforce, which offer PowerApps and Lightning, respectively. By 2020 at least half of all new IT line-of-business applications will be created through such platforms, according to Gartner. A Forrester report has identified more than 40 companies in this space and projects a $15 billion market by 2020. "Citizen development is a revolution," said Adam Seligman, executive vice president and general manager of the App Cloud at Salesforce. "I think it's going to take over every industry, every segment, every country, every sector." More from Tech Drivers: Uber for orchestras A new reason for small business to hate Amazon Why Cher loves emojis The traditional IT department grew in size and scope as computers flooded the office markets in the 1990s. But today, executives are turning to citizen developer platforms instead. While some see this as a risky maneuver meant to circumvent the security and compliance safeguards of a traditional IT department, others say it is an inevitable outcome of the push for businesses to be faster and nimbler in their problem-solving abilities. Why should an employee wait weeks or months for IT to address a work ticket if they can build their own technical solution using low-code software in a few days? Global food services giant Sodexo has staff in operations, finance, human resources and procurement that use QuickBase software to build applications. The initiative has brought down the time it takes to complete project plans for new clients from a week to one hour. "We have been able to empower non-technical individuals to become citizen developers. The outcome is always better because the people that need the outcome are the ones that are building solutions," said Bruce Squibb, senior director of program development corporate services at Sodexo North America. Even tech companies, such as Alphabet, are turning to low-code platforms to speed up the development of simple applications. "The bullet is much larger and the gun is much larger, so if you shoot yourself in the foot, you'll blow your whole foot off, not just the toe." -Mark Driver, Gartner analyst, on the need for IT departments to retain a critical role That doesn't mean IT departments will become obsolete. Gartner analyst Mark Driver said complex projects will still require experts with a background in programming, and technical expertise will be vital to ensuring the security, scalability and efficiency of applications created by non-coders. There is greater potential than ever to lose data, overload systems or bring about other technical nightmares. "The bullet is much larger and the gun is much larger, so if you shoot yourself in the foot, you'll blow your whole foot off, not just the toe," Driver said. The long-term success of citizen developers depends on a partnership with IT, he added. QuickBase, which has been selling low-code software since 2000, now has more than 500,000 business subscribers, including 50 percent of the Fortune 100 and companies like Google and Procter & Gamble. Microsoft made its new PowerApps platform generally available earlier this month after a pilot period. Many experts attribute the recent increase in such low-code platform offerings to the growth of cloud and mobile technologies, which have fueled citizen development. Nearly 2 billion people in the world own smartphones, and 95 percent of businesses use cloud technology. "Citizen development in one form or another has been around since the beginning of the PC," Driver said. "What is new is the breadth and depth of these kinds of applications. Twenty to 30 years ago, work that was done in the business unit had a technical limitation. ... Today we have cloud. You can subscribe to a platform and build applications with worldwide users." A Forrester study commissioned by QuickBase found that businesses on average will reap a 260 percent return on investment for low-code platforms due to the reduction in the time and cost to develop applications and the need for fewer IT hires. "You're empowering people who are closest to their work to help solve their own problems," said QuickBase board member Allison Mnookin. Mnookin transitioned out of the QuickBase CEO role on Nov. 16, which is now being assumed by existing QuickBase board chairman Rick Willett. show chapters <p>Coding academy for kids as young as 5</p> <p>Saturday Kids, a coding academy in Singapore, teaches computer programming to kids starting at age five.</p> Coding academy for kids as young as 5    Tuesday, 6 Sep 2016 | 4:04 AM ET | 02:05 O'Farrill's experience proved to him the career opportunities that low-code technologies could create if he was willing to explore them. "These platforms are giving you a sandbox for you to play in," he said. "They are telling you to use it and do whatever you want with it. ... If you want to, you can make a career out of it." With more than 220,000 open software developer positions across the nation and only about 55,000 computer and information science degrees awarded in a year, there is a talent gap. That means companies are eager to hire people with software development knowledge even if their degree is in another field. "There are so many job openings in tech, but if you only look at computer science grads, you have a crisis of talent," Mnookin said. "The citizen developer trend is one of the key things that can address that." A 2015 QuickBase survey found that more than half of the 148 respondents did not have front end web interface or traditional back-end coding skills. Yet 62 percent of these citizen developers built applications for their companies in less than two weeks. Low-code platforms are also eradicating geographic barriers that once relegated software-developing opportunities to Silicon Valley or New York City. Ryan Cunningham, principal product manager for Microsoft PowerApps, said these tools are giving users in rural America some of the same opportunities as those in urban centers. He pointed to one customer who operates wind farms and who built an application to optimize the process of sending service professionals to maintain wind turbines and gather data off of them. "He did all that without writing code or being in a traditional software hub," Cunningham said. "There's a ton of opportunity here beyond the places and people we traditionally think of as software developers." — By Aneri Pattani, special to CNBC.com (Updated to reflect CEO change at QuickBase announced on Nov. 16.) Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change CRM --- MSFT --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Slate Sign In Sign Up Working at a Top Company Is No Guarantee That You Will Get Paid Family Leave Working at a Top Company Is No Guarantee That You Will Get Paid Family Leave Slate Sign In Sign Up Slate The XX Factor What Women Really Think Nov. 16 2016 9:47 AM Working at a Top Company Is No Guarantee That You Will Get Paid Family Leave By Elissa Strauss   Congratulations, you had a baby! Now get back to work. Thinkstock/CreativaImages The oft-ballyhooed paid leave arms race taking place among technology companies is a sign of progress—and a distraction. The vast majority of Americans still contend with unforgiving, or non-existent, leave policies, including those who work for some of our country’s biggest companies. For a new report, the paid-leave advocacy organization PL+US inquired into the paid leave policies of the 60 largest employers in the United States and found that the majority of them either offer no policy or refused to answer questions about their policies. Of the 27 companies whose policies they could confirm, Amazon, Bank of America, Deloitte, and Ernst & Young have the most expansive policies, and give mothers and fathers, including adoptive parents, 16 or more weeks of fully paid parental leave. Others at the top include Citigroup, General Electric, and Procter & Gamble, all of which offer 16 to 18 weeks for birth mothers, 4 to 12 weeks for birth fathers, and 4 to 16 weeks for adoptive parents. Advertisement Such efforts are often described as “generous”—including by me. But as I read this report and saw how little it takes to be praised in this manner, how this praise is earned for offering less time than the six months of leave recommended by the president of the American Academy of Pediatrics and the amount of time guaranteed by most industrialized countries around the world, and how many companies feel perfectly OK offering much less or nothing at all, it struck me that word “generous” is too fawning, and therefore too feeble, a term for this context. Large corporations that offer paid leave policies aren’t being generous, they are being just. Those that don’t are not. The unjust include FedEx, which offers 5 weeks to birth mothers and nothing to birth fathers or adoptive parents, and J.C. Penney, Macy’s, and Marriott International, all which offer 6 weeks to birth mothers and nothing to birth fathers or adoptive parents. (PL+US obtained this data on an open-source website, and not directly from the companies themselves.) The exclusion of fathers was common among the policies PL+US surveyed. AT&T, CVS, General Motors, Ford, Starbucks, Supervalu, and Verizon all provide no paternity leave at all. PL+US also found anecdotal evidence suggesting that many employers only offer paid leave to salaried employees and leave hourly employees to fend for themselves following the birth or adoption of a child. Walmart is one example of this that they could confirm. More egregious than having a crappy policy is refusing to discuss your policy altogether. Eight companies responded to PL+US’s inquiries by declining to share their policies, including Boeing, FedEx, Honeywell International, HP, Infosys Limited, Marriott International, TJX, and Walgreens. Other companies, like Gap and Costco Wholesale, which has a reputation for being progressive, didn’t respond at all. “The fact that companies won’t disclose this information makes us wonder what they’re hiding. America’s top companies already share information about sustainability and other policies,” said Katie Bethell, Founder & Executive Director of PL+US, in an email. “It’s time for them to show whether they also value families.” In conjunction with the report, PL+US is joining up with other advocacy organizations and launching an open letter to companies that haven’t disclosed their policies, calling for transparency. While I’m eager to hear how these companies defend themselves, nothing will be more telling than their original refusal to speak. That silence is proof that paid leave, a matter of human decency, can’t be left up to individual enterprises. Instead, we need government policies that ensure that everyone—birth mothers, birth fathers, and adoptive parents, along with those looking after spouses, parents, friends, or siblings—get the time off they need to care for others. Recent presidential election results have decreased the likelihood of any such policies getting passed on a federal level in the near future, but there are still plenty of gains to be made on the city and state levels. Elissa Strauss writes about parenthood for Slate. Follow her on Twitter.   Load Comments Powered by Livefyre Slate Sign In Sign Up FOLLOW SLATE Twitter Facebook Instagram SLATE ON IPHONE ANDROID KINDLE Reprints Advertise with us ABOUT US CONTACT US WORK WITH US USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY FAQ FEEDBACK CORRECTIONS Slate Group Panoply Slate is published by The Slate Group, a Graham Holdings Company. All contents © 2016 The Slate Group LLC. All rights reserved. Slate Slate Sign In Sign Up
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All Living All Living Joe Wicks Real Life Dear Deidre Fabulous Virals Sun Mums Travel Money Health Sex Fashion and beauty Food Horoscopes Puzzles Mrs Crunch DODGY CHAIN Groupon accused of ‘conning shoppers by flogging fake gold jewellery’ Deals site at the centre of BBC Watchdog fake goods scandal after selling fake jewellery, designer clothes and washing powder By JENNIFER HALE 16th November 2016, 11:13 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments BARGAIN deals site Groupon is at the centre of a fresh scandal after an investigation revealed they have been selling fake goods to customers. The site have been accused of misleading customers online with offers that are “too good to be true” and offers of fake goods and services which don’t match their descriptions. Getty Images 5 Groupon have been accused of selling fake goods to innocent consumers 5 Groupon have a range of goods but have been accused of selling fake items An investigation by the BBC’s Watchdog programme found that the public were being misled into buying knock-off costume jewellery at bargain prices – despite it being completely worthless. On the show, which will air at 8pm tonight, experts found that a set of gold sapphire earrings said to be worth £300 but knocked down by 95 per cent were fake – containing no gold and fake gemstones. RELATED STORIES DEADLY SCAM WARNING How scammers target YOU with faulty chargers and fake hoverboards which can catch on FIRE DON'T FALL FOR IT Amazon email scam that could trick you into handing over your details to fraudsters this Black Friday CROOKS NOT COOKS From £600 fake passports to £1,500 bogus British Citizen Certificates... meet the Great British Fake Off contestants FAKE FIZZ FURORE Dangerous boom in counterfeit pop 'will threaten UK once Osborne's sugar tax comes into force' HACKING HOAX PayPal email scam tricks YOU into handing over your password - how to protect yourself Chris Walne, from The London Assay Office, told Watchdog: “Groupon are breaking UK law by claiming the stones are sapphires and by using terms like “white gold filled”. “We could not see any gold at all on those earrings. I wouldn’t buy them for £2 let alone £15 or £300, let’s put it that way!” Watchdog presenter Nikki Fox also investigated the checks Groupon have in place for deals that appear on their website. She set up a completely fake makeover company, Hair & Beauty by Nikki Fox, and was told that all Groupon needed to confirm the deal was an address, website and Facebook page. The site accepted he completely fake application and were ready to put the ‘deal’ live. Alamy 5 The BBC programme found that jewellery being sold on the site was fake (stock image) Nikki said: “Groupon is a trusted name online but as our research shows you can’t always trust the deals on their site. Some of the prices look unbelievable and as tonight’s Watchdog reveals – they are. “We were shocked with how little information we were asked to provide before our fake deal was good to go. “Fake goods, disappointing experiences and bogus companies – surely it’s time for Groupon to cut out the dodgy deals.” What to do if you've bought fake goods According to Which? you may be entitled to a refund or an exchange. They say: “When you buy goods or services on your credit or debit card you have extra protection if things go wrong compared with paying by cheque or cash. “You can make a claim against your card provider under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act, if the item you bought cost more than £100 and less than £30,000. “If you bought something costing less than £100, or used your debit card, you can ask your card provider to reverse a transaction using chargeback.” You should also report the item to Trading Standards, Action Fraud and Brand-i. Customers also revealed they had been scammed with fake designer clothes and fake washing powder. Cark Churchman, from Hove, purchased an industrial-sized box of Ariel laundry powder for just £21.98 – an incredible 50 per cent discount. But he grew suspicious when he began to break out in a rash and noticed there were no suds, smell or aroma from the washing. BBC/ Watchdog 5 Watchdog will air their investigation into Groupon at 8pm on BBC One tonight When he complained to manufacturers Proctor and Gamble, they tested it and confirmed it was counterfeit. They said that if a deal looks too good to be true, then it probably is. They added: “The safety of the people who buy our products is our number one priority. Counterfeit products are substandard, possibly harmful or dangerous and a form of consumer fraud. “We work with retailers to ensure that only genuine products are offered for sale and that the supply chains are safe and secure.” Ralph Lauren polo shirts that were advertised as 53 per cent off were also revealed as fakes after an investigation by Trading Standards. And a couple who purchased a professional photo-shoot with 95 per cent off were given a different service to what was advertised on the site. Groupon said they take counterfeiting seriously and are investigating reports of fake goods. Alamy 5 One customer bought washing powder which turned out to be counterfeit They said: “As a large marketplace we sell millions of products from over 1000 suppliers each year in the UK. This scale allows us to give our customers great deals on top named brands. “As with any major online retailer, we take counterfeiting seriously and work hard to make sure that no-one ends up being disappointed with their purchase. “We work closely with suppliers to perform checks to ensure counterfeit items do not enter the supply chain. “On the extremely rare occasion where we are made aware that a product we’ve sold may be counterfeit, we immediately conduct an investigation and if necessary, recall the product and provide a full refund.” They added: “We are aware of the BBC’s investigation into two of our deals featuring gold earrings. “We are conducting an independent investigation into the concerns raised and have removed these items from our site pending those results. “Any customer who is concerned about a deal they have bought should contact us so we can resolve their query.” BBC Watchdog will air at 8pm tonight on BBC One. Have you accidentally purchased fake goods from Groupon? Email me at jennifer.hale@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4427   Topics Money online shopping Shopping Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in Living hot tub time machine Remember Big Brother’s Anthony Hutton who romped with Makosi? Here's what he looks like now Living WTF Frocky horror From VERY daring necklines to flag fails, here are 20 brides who should have said 'I DON'T' to the dress Living Quids in These five 50p coin designs are worth up to £3,000... so how many have YOU got hiding in your purse? Living WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR From excessive sleeping to to much booze... these are the 5 signs that your man is depressed Living 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living All grown up! From All Saints to TLC… You won’t believe what your favourite 90s bands’ kids look like now Living Exclusive 'I don't give a s**t what people say' Cheryl reveals she is happier than ever Living cashing in? There’s now FOUR AK47 £5 notes for sale on eBay...and the guide price is a cool £1MILLION Living 'NAME OVER' One mum has revealed what she wants to name her baby daughter… and her family and Mumsnet are furious about it Living 'Gut-wrenching' Wife writes about the moment she knew her husband was cheating... in an open letter to his mistress Living FACIAL PARALYSIS What is Bell's palsy, the condition that rules Scarlett Moffatt out of Bushtucker Trials? Living festive frenzy The McDonald's Christmas 2016 menu includes a McFlurry you won't want to miss Living filling festive? Save a fiver filling your car at Christmas as Morrisons offer £1-a-litre petrol deals across the country Living Pictured ‘Winner takes all #privateschool’ Rich Kids of UK joke about ‘peasants’ in Primark and boast about £60k Range Rovers Living Video Hitting new heights Woman who is 6ft 9in was called ‘Godzilla’ by bullies… but got her own back by working as a FETISH MODEL Living Most Popular 'I don’t feel sorry for myself' I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt's struggle after suffering facial paralysis condition… TV & Showbiz Exclusive 'i'll hit you roo' Wedding guest threatened to PUNCH drunk Wayne Rooney for 'getting handsy' with his wife during England… Football hot tub time machine Remember Big Brother’s Anthony Hutton who romped with Makosi? Here's what he looks like now Living WTF Frocky horror From VERY daring necklines to flag fails, here are 20 brides who should have said 'I DON'T' to the dress Living Quids in These five 50p coin designs are worth up to £3,000... so how many have YOU got hiding in your purse? Living 'she's a heroin addict?!' Jeremy Kyle viewers shocked by looks of escort who’s been on smack for NINE YEARS Living WHAT TO WATCH OUT FOR From excessive sleeping to to much booze... these are the 5 signs that your man is depressed Living WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz sex beast 'Repulsive' woman, 27, admits having sex with her PITBULL while her boyfriend filmed News 'SNOWMAGEDDON' Bookies slash odds on white Christmas as forecasters predict more snow is set to batter Britain this weekend News Video honey g-enius X Factor’s Honey G gets standing ovation AGAIN… sparking shock from confused viewers TV & Showbiz All grown up! From All Saints to TLC… You won’t believe what your favourite 90s bands’ kids look like now Living SMOKING AND GROPING Smoking Kylie Jenner wears sexy lingerie in VERY saucy ad as she unveils her new mystery shop TV & Showbiz 'BOO F******* HOO!' Prince William blasted on Twitter after complaining about 'struggling' with parenthood News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report S.V. Trading & Agencies reports consolidated net loss of Rs 0.03 crore in the September 2016 quarter Business Standard Shares turn range bound Capital Market  November 16, 2016 Last Updated at 13:10 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJDgOj Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Shares jump on strong global signals Shares extend intraday losses Metal and mining shares in demand Broad market depicts strength Strong market breadth Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,349 shares rose and 1,074 shares declined. A total of 140 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.98%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Meanwhile, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi in a statement to media outside Parliament House today, 16 November 2016, at the start of winter session of parliament said that in order to carry forward the work on the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the government has held discussions with the state governments and the political parties. The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well, the PM said. The winter session of the parliament is slated between 16 November and 16 December 2016. There will be a total of 22 sittings. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher tracking overnight gains in US markets. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 15 November 2016, as energy shares climbed on the back of rising crude oil prices. Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly said yesterday, 15 November 2016, that he was surprised by the outcome of the US presidential election. Fischer cautioned it is too early to fully assess market fallout and said market swings following Britain's vote to leave the European Union provided a cautionary example. Fischer reportedly said that US banking rules may be limiting liquidity for some securities but their impact is not unduly hurting markets. Axis Bank was up 0.93% to Rs 483.60. The bank announced lending rates based on marginal cost of funds to be effective from 18 November 2016. The bank's Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) for overnight loans will be 8.65%, for one month will be 8.70% and for three months will be 8.90%. The MCLR on 6-month loans will be 9% and for one-year loans the rate would be 9.05%, the bank said. MCLR for two-year loans would be at 9.10% and loans with three-year maturity would carry an MCLR of 9.15%, the bank said. The announcement was made during market hours today, 16 November 2016. FMCG shares were mixed. Jyothy Laboratories (up 4.83%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 4.53%), Britannia Industries (up 3.63%), Marico (up 3.32%), Dabur India (up 3.16%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 2.22%) and Nestle India (up 0.60%), edged higher. Hindustan Unilever (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.65%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.57%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.7%), edged lower. Tata Global Beverages rose 5.25% after consolidated net profit surged 60.1% to Rs 139.62 crore on 2.69% fall in total income to Rs 1656.91 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016. Tata Global Beverages said that while the underlying business saw volume growth, this was offset by price reductions and adverse impact of currency translation. Group consolidated net profit growth reflected both improved operating performance and better performance by joint ventures and associate companies, Tata Global Beverages said. The latest quarter saw a continued focus on the global health & wellness trend and innovative product launches, the company said. Ajoy Misra, Managing Director and CEO of Tata Global Beverages, said that the company's product launches leverage the health and wellness trend across geographies. Consumers are seeking enhanced beverage experiences which are also healthy choices and the company is leveraging this insight across product categories. Joint venture companies Tata Starbucks and NourishCo continue to show steady growth and the company is committed to growing them further, Ajoy Misra said. Power generation stocks edged higher. JSW Energy (up 2.88%), CESC (up 2.40%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.01%), Tata Power (up 1.51%), Adani Power (up 1.03%), NHPC (up 0.41%), NTPC (up 0.30%), Torrent Power (up 0.27%), Reliance Power (up 0.24%) and GMR Infrastructure (up 0.09%), edged higher. Jaiprakash Power Ventures was down 0.49%. State-run Coal India was up 0.14%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 2.49%. On the macro front, India's trade deficit in October 2016 widened to $10.16 billion compared with $8.34 billion in the previous month, government data released after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed. Merchandise exports grew 9.6% year-on-year to $23.5 billion in October, while imports expanded 8.11% year-on-year to $33.67 billion. Meanwhile, data released by the government after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed that the all-India general CPI inflation dipped to 4.2% in October 2016 compared with 4.39% in September 2016. The core CPI inflation was nearly flat 4.81% in October 2016 from 4.77% in September 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Shares | Bse | Nifty | Sensex PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Shares turn range bound Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,349 shares rose and 1,074 shares declined. A total of 140 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.98%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Meanwhile, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi in a statement to media outside Parliament House today, 16 November 2016, at the start of winter session of parliament said that in order to carry forward the work on the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the government has held discussions with the state governments and the political parties. The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well, the PM said. The winter session of the parliament is slated between 16 November and 16 December 2016. There will be a total of 22 sittings. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher tracking overnight gains in US markets. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 15 November 2016, as energy shares climbed on the back of rising crude oil prices. Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly said yesterday, 15 November 2016, that he was surprised by the outcome of the US presidential election. Fischer cautioned it is too early to fully assess market fallout and said market swings following Britain's vote to leave the European Union provided a cautionary example. Fischer reportedly said that US banking rules may be limiting liquidity for some securities but their impact is not unduly hurting markets. Axis Bank was up 0.93% to Rs 483.60. The bank announced lending rates based on marginal cost of funds to be effective from 18 November 2016. The bank's Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) for overnight loans will be 8.65%, for one month will be 8.70% and for three months will be 8.90%. The MCLR on 6-month loans will be 9% and for one-year loans the rate would be 9.05%, the bank said. MCLR for two-year loans would be at 9.10% and loans with three-year maturity would carry an MCLR of 9.15%, the bank said. The announcement was made during market hours today, 16 November 2016. FMCG shares were mixed. Jyothy Laboratories (up 4.83%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 4.53%), Britannia Industries (up 3.63%), Marico (up 3.32%), Dabur India (up 3.16%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 2.22%) and Nestle India (up 0.60%), edged higher. Hindustan Unilever (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.65%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.57%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.7%), edged lower. Tata Global Beverages rose 5.25% after consolidated net profit surged 60.1% to Rs 139.62 crore on 2.69% fall in total income to Rs 1656.91 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016. Tata Global Beverages said that while the underlying business saw volume growth, this was offset by price reductions and adverse impact of currency translation. Group consolidated net profit growth reflected both improved operating performance and better performance by joint ventures and associate companies, Tata Global Beverages said. The latest quarter saw a continued focus on the global health & wellness trend and innovative product launches, the company said. Ajoy Misra, Managing Director and CEO of Tata Global Beverages, said that the company's product launches leverage the health and wellness trend across geographies. Consumers are seeking enhanced beverage experiences which are also healthy choices and the company is leveraging this insight across product categories. Joint venture companies Tata Starbucks and NourishCo continue to show steady growth and the company is committed to growing them further, Ajoy Misra said. Power generation stocks edged higher. JSW Energy (up 2.88%), CESC (up 2.40%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.01%), Tata Power (up 1.51%), Adani Power (up 1.03%), NHPC (up 0.41%), NTPC (up 0.30%), Torrent Power (up 0.27%), Reliance Power (up 0.24%) and GMR Infrastructure (up 0.09%), edged higher. Jaiprakash Power Ventures was down 0.49%. State-run Coal India was up 0.14%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 2.49%. On the macro front, India's trade deficit in October 2016 widened to $10.16 billion compared with $8.34 billion in the previous month, government data released after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed. Merchandise exports grew 9.6% year-on-year to $23.5 billion in October, while imports expanded 8.11% year-on-year to $33.67 billion. Meanwhile, data released by the government after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed that the all-India general CPI inflation dipped to 4.2% in October 2016 compared with 4.39% in September 2016. The core CPI inflation was nearly flat 4.81% in October 2016 from 4.77% in September 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Shares turn range bound Key benchmark indices continued hovering in narrow range in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 163.96 points or 0.62% at 26,468.59. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 51.40 points or 0.63% at 8,159.85. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,349 shares rose and 1,074 shares declined. A total of 140 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.98%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Meanwhile, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi in a statement to media outside Parliament House today, 16 November 2016, at the start of winter session of parliament said that in order to carry forward the work on the Goods and Services Tax (GST), the government has held discussions with the state governments and the political parties. The consultation process has been going on ahead of this session as well, the PM said. The winter session of the parliament is slated between 16 November and 16 December 2016. There will be a total of 22 sittings. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher tracking overnight gains in US markets. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 15 November 2016, as energy shares climbed on the back of rising crude oil prices. Federal Reserve Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly said yesterday, 15 November 2016, that he was surprised by the outcome of the US presidential election. Fischer cautioned it is too early to fully assess market fallout and said market swings following Britain's vote to leave the European Union provided a cautionary example. Fischer reportedly said that US banking rules may be limiting liquidity for some securities but their impact is not unduly hurting markets. Axis Bank was up 0.93% to Rs 483.60. The bank announced lending rates based on marginal cost of funds to be effective from 18 November 2016. The bank's Marginal Cost of Funds based Lending Rate (MCLR) for overnight loans will be 8.65%, for one month will be 8.70% and for three months will be 8.90%. The MCLR on 6-month loans will be 9% and for one-year loans the rate would be 9.05%, the bank said. MCLR for two-year loans would be at 9.10% and loans with three-year maturity would carry an MCLR of 9.15%, the bank said. The announcement was made during market hours today, 16 November 2016. FMCG shares were mixed. Jyothy Laboratories (up 4.83%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 4.53%), Britannia Industries (up 3.63%), Marico (up 3.32%), Dabur India (up 3.16%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 2.22%) and Nestle India (up 0.60%), edged higher. Hindustan Unilever (down 0.34%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.65%), Bajaj Corp (down 1.57%) and GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 1.7%), edged lower. Tata Global Beverages rose 5.25% after consolidated net profit surged 60.1% to Rs 139.62 crore on 2.69% fall in total income to Rs 1656.91 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016. Tata Global Beverages said that while the underlying business saw volume growth, this was offset by price reductions and adverse impact of currency translation. Group consolidated net profit growth reflected both improved operating performance and better performance by joint ventures and associate companies, Tata Global Beverages said. The latest quarter saw a continued focus on the global health & wellness trend and innovative product launches, the company said. Ajoy Misra, Managing Director and CEO of Tata Global Beverages, said that the company's product launches leverage the health and wellness trend across geographies. Consumers are seeking enhanced beverage experiences which are also healthy choices and the company is leveraging this insight across product categories. Joint venture companies Tata Starbucks and NourishCo continue to show steady growth and the company is committed to growing them further, Ajoy Misra said. Power generation stocks edged higher. JSW Energy (up 2.88%), CESC (up 2.40%), Reliance Infrastructure (up 2.01%), Tata Power (up 1.51%), Adani Power (up 1.03%), NHPC (up 0.41%), NTPC (up 0.30%), Torrent Power (up 0.27%), Reliance Power (up 0.24%) and GMR Infrastructure (up 0.09%), edged higher. Jaiprakash Power Ventures was down 0.49%. State-run Coal India was up 0.14%. State-run Power Grid Corporation of India was up 2.49%. On the macro front, India's trade deficit in October 2016 widened to $10.16 billion compared with $8.34 billion in the previous month, government data released after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed. Merchandise exports grew 9.6% year-on-year to $23.5 billion in October, while imports expanded 8.11% year-on-year to $33.67 billion. Meanwhile, data released by the government after market hours yesterday, 15 November 2016 showed that the all-India general CPI inflation dipped to 4.2% in October 2016 compared with 4.39% in September 2016. The core CPI inflation was nearly flat 4.81% in October 2016 from 4.77% in September 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise How to Build an Online Community Online Reputation Management October 22, 2016 Online Reputation Management Meg CabreraOctober 22, 2016 SEJ STAFF 670SHARES 684READS 670SHARES 684READS SEJ STAFFMeg Cabrera 670SHARES 684READS In the digital marketing world, more and more brands are now geared towards building a community. A community is a group of people engaging, sharing, and working toward a common goal. They are bound by similar interests, or thoughts. Brands like Disney and Red Bull have embraced this marketing initiative. Erica McGillivray, former senior community manager at Moz, talked about nurturing and growing a community in this recent Marketing Nerds episode. Listen to how she discussed the benefits of building a strong community around your brand, how they rolled out this strategy at Moz: Your browser does not support the audio element. Moz has successfully built its community through live events. At SEJ, we’ve also seen the importance of meeting our community through SEJ Summit, our conference series specifically designed for search marketers held year-round across the United States. The members of a brand’s community may not necessarily be product consumers. They may be a group of individuals who share a common belief, or who are followers of your brand.  These followers may become your biggest brand advocates, who can defend you in bad times, and empower your brand even more during good times. Here are a few tips on how to build your own community. Target Emotions One of the biggest advantages of building a community is allowing people to follow your brand, and they do this voluntarily. They weren’t forced, they deliberately decided to follow you. And once they do, they either love your brand or they’re upset. If they love your brand, then they’re your biggest brand ambassadors who will champion your causes. If they’re upset about your brand, welcome their insights, and hear them vent or rant about your brand. For sure, they’ll make it known in your community and will elicit good engagement between those who love you—and those who hate you. Good engagement will help your community grow. Educate Your Followers One good strategy to further build your community is to not talk about your brand. Instead, educate your followers about their need for your product, without even mentioning your brand. Procter & Gamble has a campaign called “Everyday” which offers insights and tips to the different members of their communities. The My Black is Beautiful community celebrates the collective beauty of black women. It provides fellowship amongst the members, plus it gives tips and provides education to its members. Hear Them Out Take advantage of the dialogue amongst the members of your community. Hear out their feedback, and make sure that you take action from their suggestions. Starbucks has successfully leveraged its community insights to come up with product ideas, experience ideas, merchandise materials, and community ideas in its My Starbucks Idea campaign. In Conclusion Build a dynamic community by welcoming your followers—both the good, and the not so good ones. Allow room for engagement and discussion, so you can learn from them. Educate them so they can also learn from you. Foster growth by helping them connect with others, so they can learn from each other as well.   Image Credits Featured Image: Rawpixel/DepositPhotos.com All screenshots by Meg Cabrera. Taken August 2016.  Related Posts How to Build a Social Online Community: An Interview with Katy Keim How to Build a Thriving Online Community How To Grow A Community, Tips For Community Managers: Interview With Ann Smarty 6 Absolutely Free Ways to Build a Community Around Your Blog Bio Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Latest Posts Meg Cabrera Research and Editorial Assistant at Search Engine Journal Meg is part of SEJ's editorial team based in Manila, Philippines. She is responsible for internet research projects, chasing deadlines, and assisting with the SEJ... Read Full Bio @megcabrera +Meg Cabrera Latest posts by Meg Cabrera (see all) Weekly Wrap-Up: October 28th, 2016 - October 31, 2016 Marketing Automation Best Practices with Peter Leshaw [PODCAST] - October 28, 2016 What’s The Best Time to Post Ads and Content on Social Media? [INFOGRAPHIC] - October 27, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Karthik Your community can clearly see why initial plans or policies – which by very nature can often appear a done deal – have been drawn up the way they have, and comment accordingly. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.4K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 5.1K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.5K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.2K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 3 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 4 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School 5 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 How to Build a Social Online Community: An Interview with Katy Keim 2 How to Build a Thriving Online Community 3 How To Grow A Community, Tips For Community Managers: Interview With Ann Smarty 4 6 Absolutely Free Ways to Build a Community Around Your Blog [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
null
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Money Special reports Investing Property Bills Insurance Pensions Banking Tax A-Z Financial Services Telegraph Investor More Telegraph Money Special reports How to invest for income - after Trump Donald Trump's victory in the US Presidential election could mean a great rotation in markets Credit: Evan Vucci/AP Teresa Hunter 16 November 2016 • 8:11am The election of Donald Trump has resulted in a boost to share prices, especially in America. But it has raised a question mark over the value of income-producing investments, such as bonds. This is because if, as expected, Mr Trump's policies bring about a return to inflation and higher interest rates, these investments could lose value. But what choice does that leave income-seekers? Annuities, where investors swap a lump sum for a lifelong income paid by an insurer, remain unattractive. It would take a strong rise in investment returns for these to improve, experts say. Annuities typically pay a 65-year-old a 4.6pc return - including return of capital - or £4,498 per £100,000, and you need to live 21 years to make sure you get back the full £100,000 worth. Even then, nothing will be left when you die. Alternatively, you could build your own income-generating investment portfolio to provide that same level of cash flow, while retaining control of your funds. This is not a risk-free option, esepcially as the prices of incomepaying assets are high and potentially vulnerable. Tom Stevenson, investment director at Fidelity, points out: "Safe sources of income have disappeared, so you have to take more risks by investing, for example, in high-yield corporate bonds, shares, or property." Some of these assets could correct quite sharply if rates rise. Rob Burgeman, from stockbrokers Brewin Dolphin, suggested you can lower the risk by spreading your investments. Furthermore, if you take only the "natural yield" from your portfolio - the actual income paid out - you can afford to ride out fluctuations in capital value. Laith Khalaf, from Hargreaves Lansdown, the fund shop, said: "A well-constructed income portfolio might earn 3.5 to 4pc a year. This is close to what an annuity will buy at 60. But to bridge the income gap at 65, you need to invest roughly £30,000 more to get the £4,500 income that a £100,000 annuity will provide." 1. Bond funds Bonds are issued by governments and companies and pay a fixed return. Because their payout is fixed, bonds become less valuable when the returns on other assets rise or are expected to rise. In fact, since the announcement of Mr Trump's election victory, there has been a marked sell-off in bonds. But bonds will remain a significant component for many who need income and cannot afford to risk their capital. "Strategic bond funds are a good way into the bond market. These funds allow a fund manager to switch between different types of bonds to find the best balance of returns. Five tips for managing your stocks and shares Isa Play! 02:27 Rob Morgan, an investment analyst at Charles Stanley, said: "Strategic bond funds are better equipped to cope with changing market conditions given their flexibility to invest across the bond spectrum from government bonds to riskier high yield bonds." Funds worth considering include Henderson Strategic Bond, paying an estimated annual yield of 4.4pc; Jupiter Strategic Bond, paying 4.4pc; Rathbone Strategic Bond, paying 3.1pc; or Aviva Investors Strategic Bond Fund, yielding 3.7pc. If you can take a higher level of risk, the Royal London Extra Yield Bond pays 6.6pc by investing in largely UKbased corporate bonds. Invesco Perpetual's high-yield bond fund, which pays 5.7pc, holds corporate bonds from America, European and UK companies. Beware some of these higher yielding funds, as charges come out of your investment - so while your income is maintained, your capital may fall. 2. UK equity income funds Dividends from companies are another source of income. Some funds specialise in shares that combine a healthy dividend with the prospect of capital growth over time. UK equity income funds tend to pay a slightly higher income than global income funds, although investors should check how frequently earnings are distributed. While many pay quarterly, others distribute every six months. Well-regarded funds include Threadneedle Equity Income, yielding 3.7pc; J O Hambro UK Equity Income paying 4.6pc; Rathbone Income paying 3.6pc; Invesco Perpetual Income paying 3.5pc; Woodford Equity Income at 3.4pc; and Troy Trojan Income paying 3.8pc. Investors holding more than one of these funds should look carefully at which shares the funds are holding. For example, most funds hold companies that pay a healthy dividend, such as Unilever, Royal Dutch Shell, AstraZeneca, and GlaxoSmithKline. There is a risk of duplicating some of these holdings. 3. Global income funds Global funds provide some protection against volatility by helping to spread the risk across different countries and companies. Artemis Global Income pays 2.9pc and invests in companies such as BHP Billiton, Apple, General Motors, Western Digital Corp. Newton Global Income pays 2.9pc and invests in Microsoft, Procter & Gamble, Novartis, Diageo and Western Union. 4. Investment trusts Many investment trusts pay an attractive regular dividend. Now could be a good time to buy as some quality trusts are trading at "discounts" to asset value. This means they are trading below the value of the assets held in the funds.  Investment trusts why do they trade on a discount of premium? Mr Khalaf said: “The discount effectively boosts the yield of the underlying portfolio for the investor. “For instance if you get a 10pc discount on a trust, that means you pay £90 for £100 worth of shares. If that portfolio of shares yields 4pc, you’ll get £4 a year in income, but based on your £90 investment that actually equates to a yield of 4.4pc.” Perpetual Income and Growth Investment Trust, yielding 3.4pc, is currently trading on a discount of around 6pc. Edinburgh Investment Trust, paying a yield of 4.4pc, has a 4.4pc discount, and City of London pays a 4pc dividend and is trading at a discount of 2pc. 5. Income Maximiser Funds These funds sacrifice some of the potential capital growth to boost the available income. They use derivative trading to boost income, a strategy known as writing “covered call options”. The way these complicated structures work means that the fund will perform well in a steadily rising market, but if there is a sharp spike, or rally, in prices the fund may not perform as well. Patrick Connolly, a financial planner at Chase de Vere, said: “These are run as a typical equity income fund, except that some of the capital growth upside is sacrificed to boost the income. The fund is likely to underperform when markets are rising but should do comparatively well when they are falling.” Fidelity Enhanced Income, and Schroder Income Maximiser both yielding around 6.9pc are worth looking at. New opportunities, new dangers: How to safeguard your investments in the era of Donald Trump 'Investors can raise a glass to Donald Trump’ These investments should survive anything Donald Trump throws at markets  6. Multi-Asset Funds  If you are nervous about constructing a portfolio for yourself, particularly if more volatility is coming, then multi-asset funds do it for you, by investing in lots of different asset classes. For example, JP Morgan’s Multi-Asset Income, paying 3.7pc, has 56pc invested in bonds, 23pc in international equities, 7pc in property, 6pc in UK equities and the rest in cash and “alternative” assets. Invesco Perpetual’s Distribution fund pays 4.3pc on a basket of 34pc international bonds, 33pc UK equities, 28pc UK corporate bonds and the rest in cash. Edentree Higher Income Fund pays 4.3pc on a portfolio of 46pc UK equities, 24pc international equities, 11pc UK corporate bonds, 6pc investment trusts and 4pc property, and the rest in cash or “alternative” assets. 7. Share portfolio  Confident investors may prefer to build their own share portfolios. However, they should be wary of putting too much into one company, and should know the risks of putting large amounts of their capital in the fortunes of individual companies. Unilever, the company behind brands such as Marmite, is a good long-term share buy, says Brewin Dolphin’s Mr Burgeman Credit: Hannah Mackay/EPA They should also look at the impact of Trump's policies on different sectors, with some companies set to benefit from his plans, while others will be hit.  Brewin Dolphin’s Mr  Burgeman, suggests starting with Unilever, the company behind consumer brands such as Hellman’s, Dove and Lipton, currently yielding 3.1pc; expected to rise to 3.3pc for next year. Prudential is next on his list, because the insurance giant’s Asian operations are forecast to grow. Shares currently yield 3pc; expected to rise to 3.2pc next year. Drinks group Diageo  and leading Swiss pharmaceutical company, Novartis, are his other top tips. 8.   Property  Rental income can be valuable for retirees, many of whom are dipping toes into buy-to-let. However, bricks and mortar are not necessarily trouble-free investments, and increasingly attracting the attention of the taxman. Property funds are an alternative, particularly those investing in the commercial sector, however, they can be illiquid in times of trouble. We saw this most recently in the aftermath of the EU referendum, when large scale redemption requests from investors saw the majority of large UK commercial property funds close temporarily, as they did not have sufficient cash to pay departing investors. Two worth considering are Henderson UK property, with an annual yield of 3.2pc, and M&G Property Portfolio, paying 4.19 annually. Those wanting to bypass the liquidity issues can use a “closed ended” investment trust instead. Shares of trusts trade on the stock market like company shares, meaning they are not closed to trading in times of panic. An investor exodus pushes the share price down and bargain hunters take advantage of the opportunity to buy. UK Commercial Trust and F&C Commercial Property Trust are two options, both offering 4.6pc yield. They are trading at a near 6pc discount and a 4pc discount, respectively. Sign up to our emails   Follow Telegraph Money READ MORE ABOUT: Dividends Equities Shares Inflation Funds Investment trusts Commercial property Bonds Donald Trump Interest rates Show more Money latest 20 Nov 2016, 7:31am How an extra 1pc investment fee will cost you 16 years of retirement income 20 Nov 2016, 7:25am Four ways fund companies rip you off 20 Nov 2016, 7:17am Jim Davidson: 'I’ve never saved anything. I haven’t got any money now. None.' Premium 20 Nov 2016, 7:07am 'Should I take £719k cash now, or get an income of £28k for life?' Premium 20 Nov 2016, 6:22am 'Why did Standard Life stop sending us statements for our £250k savings?' 20 Nov 2016, 6:21am 'Does Scottish Power owe us compensation?' 20 Nov 2016, 6:00am How tall, terraced houses became the talk of the town 20 Nov 2016, 5:30am The story of a humble dairy, from high society to holiday stay 19 Nov 2016, 11:13am Comment: Why now is the worst time to take out a fixed rate savings account Richard Dyson Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:32am Your mortgage is going to cost more very soon - here is why 19 Nov 2016, 7:26am 'I've been investing for 32 years and I've never seen so much fear' Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:11am Buy these bargain stocks before they make a comeback 19 Nov 2016, 7:00am Student debt: what all parents need to know 19 Nov 2016, 6:14am 'Why won't our travel insurance pay out after my husband's heart attack?' 19 Nov 2016, 6:08am 'I was in a car accident that wasn't my fault, so why has my premium risen?' 19 Nov 2016, 6:00am One Blackfriars: an exclusive look inside the Vase, London's newest skyscraper 18 Nov 2016, 5:04pm House prices in George Osborne's neighbourhood fall - a victim of his changes to stamp duty 18 Nov 2016, 3:41pm Leasehold scandal: ground rent that starts at £250, then rockets to ... £69 trillion 18 Nov 2016, 3:40pm Comment: For the first time since I began to invest in any serious way, I have sold a significant chunk of my portfolio  Richard Evans Premium 18 Nov 2016, 2:42pm Comment: 'How I positioned my £1.6bn portfolio for higher inflation' Marcus Brookes Premium 18 Nov 2016, 12:51pm Analysis: how the Government destroyed buy-to-let in 16 months Premium If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Electric toothbrush startup Goby charges into subscription retail Electric toothbrush startup Goby charges into subscription retail Wednesday, 5 October 2016 Now that direct-to-consumer sales have disrupted categories like eyeglasses via Warby Parker and razors, courtesy of Dollar Shave Club, shoppers have another vertical to consider: the electric toothbrush by Goby. The Manhattan-based startup launches today, aiming to take on the two dominant brands in the field, Philips Sonicare and Procter & Gamble-owned Oral-B, which alone dominate about 85 percent of the market, said Ben Goldberg, who cofounded Goby with Claire Burke. The idea behind Goby is… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Other recent news in Business Autumn Statement: UK economy must be 'match fit' for BREXIT 'FANTASTIC BEASTS' easily wins the weekend box office Protecting South AFRICA's macadamia nut crop PHILIP HAMMOND hits back at critics of government for having no Brexit plan Dozens Killed, Injured in India TRAIN DERAILMENT Rooney lashes out at 'disgraceful' treatment post ENGLAND hotel controversy VOLKSWAGEN CEO says sees case for building own battery factory - paper JOHN MCDONNELL just said he'd back a rise in the 40p tax threshold Syrian Foreign Minister Rejects UN Proposal for 'Autonomous Zone' in Rebel-held ALEPPO How will mill jobs return to this Trump county in WASHINGTON state? Twitter Facebook Page People Jared Kushner Donald Trump Angela Merkel Barack Obama Mike Pence Current Topics Holy Door Washington Seek Fourth Bruno Mars Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved MOVIE REVIEW: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them What Next For AirBnB? Tour Guides, That's What Why You Could Soon Be Protected On The Road With a $5 Paper Helmet DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Locality World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# demonetization War on Black Money Donald Trump Narendra Modi Bigg Boss 10 Home Money Ready to spare 2-Minutes on a tag? Shares1 Collin Furtado | Wed, 16 Nov 2016-07:50am , DNA Brands are playing on social issues to make consumers feel good about the products they use Recently, Nestle modified the messaging for three of its top products in India—Maggi, Nescafe and Kit-Kat— in a very unique way. It changed the respective products’ tag-lines on their nearly 100 million packages to support education for the girl child. Maggi’s ‘2-Minutes Noodles was changed to ‘2-Minutes for Education’, Kit-Kat’s ‘Have a Break, have a Kit-Kat’ was made ‘No break from Education’ and Nescafe’s ‘It all starts with a Nescafe’ modestly became ‘It all starts with education’. This caught attention of many.Nestle is not the only one which has adopted this method of branding. Coca-Cola, in the Middle East during Ramadan last year, sold its cans saying “Labels are for cans, not for people”. Earlier, the company released the ‘Share a Coke’ campaign that allowed people use social media to dedicate a coke to their friend with their name on it. Both these campaigns which used the packaging at the center were highly successful. Social cause at heart? K V Sridhar, Founder and CCO of Hypercollective, says that it works for brands if its for a social cause and their intent is good. He said that the brand also has to be committed to an issue and the execution has to be perfect. “This works if the intent is right, as people feel that the topic is so important for the brand for it to change its packaging. But it has to be a lifelong commitment and brands should not take a cause as an opportunity as people will smell it quickly,” he said. Manish Porwal, MD of Alchemist Marketing & Talent Solutions, said that the reason for these firms doing so is twofold i.e. for law and for creating a human face for the brand. “As per law 2% of a company’s net profits have to go into corporate social responsibility (CSR). Brands understand the value that social issues play in peoples lives. The reason to put this on the packaging is that they understand that people want to feel good about what they are consuming. Things such as the environment, carbon footprint, etc. are some of what people keep in mind.” Many companies like Hindustan Unilever and P&G have their own campaigns which support social causes. Porwal adds that earlier, packaging too had ‘promotionals’ such as get a certain percent extra or buy 2 get 1 free. Now brands use it for communicating a social message. Right on intent, execution Sridhar says that the cause has to be in the DNA of the brand or else it can backfire. “When Coca-Cola came out with a white can in support of polar bears people did not take it well as they did not like the colour. Though their intent was good people did not like the way it was executed,” he says. However, brands such as Tata Salt have got it right in the past. The brand has been tackling iron deficiency at the heart of it and came out with I-Shakti brand to make it available for lower income people. “In 1993, Louis Philippe to celebrate left-handed people, had the Upper Crest logo on the left sleeve instead of the right. This was during a time when being left-handed was considered wrong or was frowned upon. These changes in the product was widely appreciated and became a huge success,” he said. Collin Furtado Info Collin Furtado brings with him over 4 years of experience in the financial reporting team. He writes on financial markets, policies, brands, various sectors and advertising.    TOP TOP < Survey reveals 50% diabetics have ‘uncontrolled’ sugar level   Comments   Also Read Money RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks to comply with Sharia law Money Liquidity to stay, rates may fall further: SBI Money 16 PSU banks skip dividend in FY16 on mounting NPAs Money Cement sector may take 15-20% demand hit on demonetization Money Govt plans to double airports in 2-3 years: Jayant Sinha Money India has till mid-January to respond to Cairn Energy arbitration Next Article > Talent search to prepare students for employment < Previous ArticleNext Article > Survey reveals 50% diabetics have ‘uncontrolled’ sugar level Next node Talent search to prepare students for employment Related Forget FDs, real estate investments in demonetised era Angadias back to work, but those crores are missing ATM re-calibration on war footing, relief likely in a week Video Watch: Heartbreaking short film 'Borrowed Time' by Pixar animators finally makes debut Watch: New York flash mob dances in support of Hillary Clinton and her pantsuits! Watch | 'There will be Kashmir but not Pakistan': Indian soldier's poem goes viral View all Tags India Business Report Nestle Maggi Nescafe Kit-Kat Coca-Cola K V Sridhar Hypercollective Manish Porwal corporate social responsibility (CSR) Hindustan Unilever Ramadan Tata Salt SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News ULFA(I) claims responsibility for attack on Army convoy Demonetization: Kerala govt to accept old notes for payment of state taxes Demonetization: Congress wants debate in Parliament under Rule 56 Pakistani plane diverted after aircraft's toilet gets jacked! Make Queen pay for palace renovation, say UK public Sport ISL 2016: Misfiring Chennaiyin settle for a point at home against Atletico de Kolkata India v/s England stats: Captain Alastair Cook hits his slowest half-century in Tests Australia v/s South Africa: Beleaguered hosts wield the axe for third Proteas Test Irfan Pathan led Baroda in sight as Bengal brace themselves for 400th First Class game Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister's wedding Entertainment Confirmed! Sanjay Dutt to make his comeback with Omung Kumar's 'Bhoomi' Here's all that happened when Salman Khan met Rajinikanth at '2.0' first look launch Confirmed! Jacqueline Fernandez and Taapsee Pannu opposite Varun Dhawan in 'Judwaa 2' '2.0' First Look Launch: Rajinikanth wants to do a film with Salman Khan! BREAKING: Salman Khan drops in to wish Rajinikanth and Akshay Kumar for 'Robot 2.0' Money Patanjali group plans to scale up, acquire more land for Nagpur project Putting a friend's black money in your account? You could get seven years in jail! Demonetization: Delhi govt urges RBI, SBI to exempt its staff from standing in queues Centre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks to comply with Sharia law Partner site: Zee News ©2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD Has the election of Donald Trump ruined America’s chance at getting a paid-leave bill for parents? Written by Oliver Staley Obsession The Art of Parenting November 17, 2016 This family got paid leave. Most won’t. (AP Photo/Charles Krupa) Share Written by Oliver Staley Obsession The Art of Parenting November 17, 2016 This was supposed to the moment when the stars finally aligned for a paid family leave bill for American parents. But the odds for it suddenly look a lot longer with the election of Donald Trump. The Democrat-sponsored Family and Medical Insurance Leave (FAMILY) Act—which would require US employers to offer 12 weeks of paid leave to new mothers and fathers, funded by a payroll deduction—has been gaining traction in Congress and was expected to have its best chance yet of passing during a Hillary Clinton administration. Clinton had pitched her own paid-leave proposal, with a different funding mechanism, but it was otherwise fairly similar to the proposed legislation But with Republicans controlling the White House and Congress, the bill faces a tougher road than it did when it was first introduced last year. The results of the US presidential election have the bill’s supporters scrambling for new strategies, which include identifying Republican allies, pressuring businesses to expand their coverage, and trying to work with Trump. Trump introduced his own plan this summer, which calls for six weeks of maternity leave through an expansion of unemployment insurance. While parental leave supporters have serious issues with a plan for mothers only, and have doubts about his plan’s funding, they’re heartened that Trump is at least willing to discuss the issue. “It is the first time that a Republican talked about paid leave in a general election, and put forward a plan, even if it was a flawed plan,” says Vicki Shabo, vice president of the National Partnership for Women & Families, which has lobbied for paid leave. Republicans have traditionally viewed any paid-leave mandate as an unwanted intrusion into the rights of employers to run their business as they wish. But Shabo notes that another Republican presidential candidate this year, Florida senator Marco Rubio, also proposed a parental-leave plan, based on tax credits for employers. Shabo hopes other Republican officials might get behind paid leave when they understand how popular it is with voters. “In polling, this is not a partisan issue,” she said. “These are winning issues and these policies will have a practical impact on people’s lives.” In a Roosevelt Institute poll last year, 83% of respondents, including 67% of Republicans, supported paid leave. Paid-leave advocates intend to turn up the pressure on politicians who oppose the idea. PL+US, a newly established nonprofit devoted to the issue, is considering forming a political action committee targeting members of Congress, said Katie Bethell, the group’s founder and executive director. “Right now, there is no cost for opposing paid family leave,” she said. PL+US is also launching a campaign to highlight companies with generous family leave policies, and to identify the ones that are lagging. In a report released on Nov. 16, the group attempted to document the parental leave provisions of the 60 biggest US employers, while noting that many refused to discuss their policies. (Only about half of the companies publicly disclose their policies or were willing to confirm them, leaving PL+US to rely on other means to gather the data.) “We definitely want companies to be transparent about their policies,” Bethell said. “It matters for employees, prospective employees, and policy makers.” According to PL+US, the companies with the most expansive policies are Deloitte, Ernst & Young, and Bank of America, all of which provide 16 weeks of fully paid leave for mothers, fathers, and adoptive parents. Others, such as Starbucks and General Motors, offer shorter policies of six to eight weeks off. A number of employers, like Hilton and Procter & Gamble, offer birth mothers substantially longer leave than fathers, while a significant number give fathers no paid time off at all. Offering leave to all parents is important because leave policies mothers only can reinforce stereotypes about the role of women as caregivers, and can be used to discriminate against women in hiring and promotion, Shabo said. The PL+US report also noted there are a large number of employers that offer no paid time off for either parent. And the Department of Labor says only 12% of all US worker are eligible for some form of paid leave, which is one reason why advocates had been pinning their hopes to federal legislation. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Sprinklr Acquires Influencer Identification and Marketing Platform Little Bird NEW YORK & PORTLAND, Ore.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Sprinklr, the most complete social media management platform for the enterprise, today announced it has acquired Little Bird, a Portland-based technology company that helps brands analyze connections across the social web to discover top influencers who can galvanize word-of-mouth marketing; build like-minded communities and create relevant content to increase engagement; and identify early-movers to accelerate the discovery of trends. According to eMarketer, seventy-five percent of marketing and communication professionals say that identifying the right influencers is the biggest challenge when building an influencer engagement strategy. Little Bird’s technology addresses this problem in a unique way by leveraging contextual segmentation and social graph analysis to discover the best influencers based on their reputation around specific topics and conversations, not their follower count. Little Bird’s technology will enhance Sprinklr’s audience insights, segmentation, advertising, and analytics capabilities as part of the only unified platform for enterprises to engage customers and manage their experience at scale. As part of Sprinklr’s complete platform, the company’s technology will bring actionable insights to each customer-facing department, allowing marketers to find potential evangelists and reach them with highly relevant content or ads; care teams to surface experts that can, in turn, support a wider community of customers; and research teams to better understand what their most valued customers think about their product. Microsoft, for example, uses Little Bird’s technology to support a core pillar of its product marketing strategy. “Little Bird’s insights are helping our team speak like a living, breathing member of our customer communities,” said Aileen McGraw, Product Marketing Manager, Microsoft.com. “We live in an age of connected and empowered consumers where it no longer matters what companies say about themselves – it’s what their customers say that determines whether a business will fail or thrive,” said Ragy Thomas, Founder & CEO of Sprinklr. “As the market consolidates from best-of-breed to best-of-suite solutions, we’re thrilled to have Little Bird’s talented team bring its technology to the world’s most complete social media management platform for the enterprise, and give our clients a deeper understanding of the trends that matter most so they can cut through the noise and create more personal, consistent, and informed experiences for their customers.” Founded in 2011, Little Bird secured seed funding in 2012 from Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban and other tech industry leaders. A second round of funding from the Oregon Angel Fund followed in early 2014, and a round in 2016 led by Jason Calacanis’ AngelList Syndicate fueled a new phase of growth and innovation. “Our influencer discovery and research technology has delivered significant value to product and content marketers, customer care teams, market intelligence groups, and many others at some of the world’s best known brands,” said Marshall Kirkpatrick, Co-Founder & Chairman of Little Bird. “Sprinklr offers a unified system of engagement that helps each of these functions make use of social media at scale. Now, with deeper influencer-driven insights, those customer-facing teams and the enterprise they support will be that much smarter.” The acquisition, Sprinklr’s eleventh overall, comes on the heels of the company’s latest funding round in July, when it raised $105 million at a $1.8 billion valuation. Sprinklr saw dramatic growth last year – becoming, in Q3 2015, one of the fastest enterprise SaaS companies in history to eclipse $100 million in annual revenue. That growth is the result of a strategic shift in the way brands are using social across the enterprise – from marketing to care, research, sales, commerce, advertising, and beyond – a trend that Sprinklr anticipated from the beginning and was purpose-built to address. For more information, visit the Sprinklr blog. About Sprinklr Sprinklr provides the most complete enterprise social technology in the world, designed to help large companies collaborate across their entire organization to create intuitive, superior customer experiences across every social channel. The company is revolutionizing customer engagement in 150+ countries for more than 1,200 brands, including Nike, McDonald’s, Microsoft, P&G, Samsung, more than 50% of the Fortune 50, and nine out of ten of the world’s most valuable global brands. Called “the most powerful technology in the market,” Sprinklr powers more than four billion social connections to help the enterprise reorient its business around the customer in the age of digital transformation. Headquartered in New York City with more than 1,200 employees globally, Sprinklr works with a powerful group of partners that includes Deloitte Digital, SAP, IBM, and Microsoft. For more information, visit sprinklr.com or chat with us at @sprinklr. Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Sortie officielle de l’application de livre photo « TOLOT » aux États-Unis Le système de production utilisé permet de fixer l’offre à 5,99 USD… Next Next post: Veteran Financial Analyst & Business Valuation Expert Joins Chicago Office of Cendrowski Corporate Advisors Search for: Search Recent Posts Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress


Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 17 November 2016 | MYT 9:44 AM Facebook aims for more transparency with video ad data More transparent: Facebook launched a new blog on its website, where it will share updates and corrections for its data. — Reuters Two months after Facebook Inc admitted it had inflated the average time it told advertisers that users were watching their video ads, the company is promising better data to give ad buyers a clearer picture of how they are spending their money. The world's biggest online social network launched a new blog on its website called Metrics FYI, where it will share updates and corrections for its data. “We want to ensure our clients trust and believe in the metrics that we are providing,” Carolyn Everson, Facebook's vice president of global market solutions told Reuters. Getting advertisers to buy more video ads is key to Facebook’s continued revenue growth, as they fetch higher rates from advertisers than text or photo-based ads. Facebook, along with Alphabet Inc's Google and other large digital companies, has been criticised for a lack of transparency in how it measures the performance of videos. Particularly, the lack of a universally agreed method of calculating how much time people are watching online video has been a sore spot for advertisers. Shares of Facebook were down 2.5% in premarket trading on the New York Stock Exchange. In September, Facebook told advertisers that the average time users spent viewing online ads was artificially inflated, because it was only counting videos that were watched for at least three seconds, its benchmark for a “view.” Facebook left out those who watched for less than three seconds, or who did not watch the video at all, which gave advertisers the impression their videos were performing better than they really were. Since the admission and ensuing criticism from advertisers, Everson said Facebook has been in contact with clients and ad community trade groups, including the Interactive Advertising Bureau and the Association of National Advertisers (ANA). Facebook also said on Wednesday it is in the process of forming what it called a 'Measurement Council,' which will include measurement experts from clients and ad agencies. One of Facebook's prominent advertisers, Swiss food and drink company Nestle SA, is already on board, Everson said, and the council should be up and running by early 2017. The ANA, which represents Procter & Gamble Co, AT&T Inc and other major advertisers, has called on Facebook to get its metrics accredited by the Media Rating Council (MRC), an independent media measurement audit group. While Facebook’s internal metrics are not accredited by that group, it does use MRC-accredited third-party vendors, such as Nielsen and comScore, to help advertisers verify certain data. —  Reuters You May Be Interested Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins SpaceX seeks US approval for Internet-via-satellite network 'Overwatch' releases Sombra update after months of hints Huawei eyes Africa with Nova German minister says Facebook should be treated as a media company Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Akid takes CP115 title with ease in Taiping Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told Obama, Putin speak for four minutes about Syria and Ukraine advertisement Latest News China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 56° Share ‘Tangled web’: Trump’s businesses could create conflicts By Bernard Condon / Associated Press Published: Wednesday, November 16th, 2016 at 1:24pm Updated: Wednesday, November 16th, 2016 at 1:25pm President-elect Donald Trump, right, kisses his son Eric farewell after dining at the 21 Club, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/Kathy Willens) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father’s company, insisted the two wouldn’t discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: “Trust me.” The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a “blind trust” run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Advertisement Continue reading Trump’s plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump’s holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets — or those of business partners — and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries — in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump’s holdings “unprecedented” in size and complexity for a president, a “tangled web” of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn’t even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. Advertisement Continue reading One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump’s influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump’s lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS’ “60 Minutes” on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to “save our country.” “I don’t care about hotel occupancy,” he added. He called matters like that “peanuts.” The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is “vetting various structures” with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump’s children, along with a “team of highly skilled executives.” Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can’t control their portfolio and may not even know what’s in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner’s knowledge. Advertisement Continue reading “It’s one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily,” Gross said. “It’s another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract.” In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump’s children in his business. He called the situation “very unusual.” “There’s no perfect way to do this,” Giuliani said. “You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president.” ___ Bernard Condon can be reached at http://twitter.com/BernardFCondon. Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe More News Suggested Stories: After Trump endorsement, NASCAR leader faces the fallout – Mar 9, 2016 Republicans warn Trump's critique of Clinton's 'look' fuels accusations of sexism – Sep 9, 2016 A Trump presidency would be an ethical thicket – Sep 21, 2016 Donald Trump's conflicts of interest are without precedent in American presidential history – Nov 9, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Morning Insider Editor's Note Polls Greg David Blogs Greg David on New York In the Markets The Insider Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts Galleries Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content Accenture Digital Transportation Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards Hutchinson Metro Center Advertorials White Papers Wealth Management TV New York Stories 5boros Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Media & Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation Politics NEWS › Politics November 16, 2016 1:00 p.m. Updated 11/16/2016 Unprecedented conflicts of interest face President-elect Trump Trump's plans to hand control of the Trump Organization, which owns or operates golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries, to three of his adult children—not a trustee By Associated Press Comments Email Print × Photo: Associated Press Trump on the green of Trump National Golf Club in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif, one of many golf courses the President-elect owns throughout the world. Asked on TV earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son, Donald Jr., said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father's company, insisted the two wouldn't discuss the business if Dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: "Trust me." The American people may have little choice. The tradition stretching back to Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a "blind trust" run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice, too. Trump's plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children, and not a trustee, cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump's holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets—or those of business partners—and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries—in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump's holdings "unprecedented" in size and complexity for a president, a "tangled web" of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn't even have to try. Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS' 60 Minutes on Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to "save our country." "I don't care about hotel occupancy," he added. He called matters like that "peanuts." The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is "vetting various structures" with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump's children, along with a "team of highly skilled executives." Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can't control their portfolio and may not even know what's in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner's knowledge. "It's one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily," Gross said. "It's another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract." In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN's State of the Union on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump's children in his business. He called the situation "very unusual." "There's no perfect way to do this," Giuliani said. "You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president." The Trump OrganizationDonald TrumpPoliticsReal EstateGreenLawRepublican Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › Comments Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists Privately Held Companies Technology Employers Commercial Property Managers Foundations Law Firms Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Get Crain's Morning Insider Sign up for the Morning Insider email and receive political news and musings every morning at 6 a.m. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Ryan—and Trump's?—tax plan could ... How to date a New Yorker Staten Island Shake Shack | Trump settles... How the new president can fulfill his pledge ... Exclusive real estate around Trump Tower... Most Popular Upper West Side apartment complex to drop... De Blasio meets with Trump, tells him New... How Donald Trump's presidency could affect... Trump transition stalls as Kushner said to... Port Authority West Side bus terminal plans... Related News De Blasio voices concerns about immigrants and police tactics during meeting with Trump De Blasio meets with Trump, tells him New Yorkers are afraid Trump eyes Moskowitz for education secretary Ted Cruz said to be considered by Trump for Attorney General Ditching media, Trump sneaks out to dinner Amid 2020 chatter, Cuomo stays firm on seeking third term Steven A. Cohen's general counsel drops out of Trump transition team Trump exploring 'infrastructure bank' to fix bridges and roads—a Clinton policy he once derided NYC could destroy immigrant ID card data if Trump goes after it News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics All Industries Health Pulse Resources Archives White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Polls Podcasts Videos Photos Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Digital NY Real Estate Daily Video Small Business Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Blogs In the Markets The RED Wrap Greg David on NY The Insider Events Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions iPad app Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame Most-Connected New Yorkers Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2016 Crain Communications Inc.
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / More than 75 Percent of Marketers Say They Will Leverage Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA) Solutions by 2019, According to Mobile Marketing Association More than 75 Percent of Marketers Say They Will Leverage Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA) Solutions by 2019, According to Mobile Marketing Association Posted on November 16, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer MMA’s MTA Request for Information (RFI) Guidance Package and Interactive Scoring Tool Released to Members New York (PRWEB) November 16, 2016 A new survey released today from the Mobile Marketing Association shows that 75 percent of marketers say they will adopt a multi-touch attribution (MTA) solution by 2019, however the available solutions are not in-line with their performance needs. The survey, which serves as a baseline of marketers’ intentions, familiarity and experiences with MTA solutions, showed that marketers believe that MTA is potentially a powerful attribution and planning tool. Marketers believe that, although MTA is now more focused on conversions and sales, in the future it will also help them with upper funnel metrics, with almost 80 percent of marketers reporting that MTA will be the solution providing clarity for both budgeting and agile marketing efforts. However, despite the promise today’s solutions might offer, marketers are still not confident in today’s vendor offerings. Marketers’ responses indicate there are several areas the vendor community should attempt to address: Complex offerings need more transparency: Only one out of four marketers who currently use MTA solutions say they are familiar enough with MTA approaches and methodologies. Costs and ROI must be in balance: Marketers need to be convinced that net impact will be positive. While more than half of marketers using MTA solutions believe it drives incremental results, only 40 percent of marketers report that they are convinced that the cost of MTA covers the benefits. For the marketers who have yet to test MTA solutions, the complexity of the offerings combined with their lack of resources of are the main adoption challenges. “Brands admit that they need to deepen their teams’ knowledge on attribution solutions, but the black-box approach is leading to hesitation and a lack of trust,” explains Greg Stuart, CEO of the MMA. “The promise of what MTA could deliver to marketers is the reason why we are empowering brands with the tools they need to find the right partner for the right program that meets their brands’ needs. We want to help MTA solution providers build this really important market.” MMA’s MTA Interactive RFI Tool Released The MMA also released their Request for Information (RFI) interactive tool to MMA members, providing marketers a scoring system brands can use to understand and rank vendor offerings based on their own business objectives. This comprehensive, deep-dive analysis into the providers, dynamics and implications for marketers around MTA is being led by the MMA Global Board of Directors, working with Joel Rubinson, President of Rubinson Partners, Inc. and former Chief Research Officer of the Advertising Research Federation. Due to the technical complexity of MTA, the MMA also aligned with the Marketing Science Institute as an academic partner to support future technical development. The Institute is a nonprofit organization committed to bridging the gap between academic marketing theory and business practice. "The MMA’s MTA decision guide will help marketers distill the complexity of the RFI process in finding the right vendor for their business needs as well as providing a framework for faster and more confident decision making,” said Lou Paskalis, Senior Vice President, Enterprise Media Planning, Investment and Measurement Executive, Bank of America. " With this comprehensive tool, a selection process that took my team nearly half a year, would likely have taken us one month.” In addition to the RFI tool, the MMA has scheduled webinars covering the pros and cons of different MTA modeling approaches, the importance of unified IDs, and differences between MTA and marketing mix modeling. The MMA will also create working groups to support ongoing developments under the overall governance of the brand-led MATT steering committee. The MMA Marketing Attribution Think Tank (MATT) was founded earlier this fall to help rethink the world of marketing measurement and attribution, giving marketers better tools and confidence in connecting marketing to business outcomes. The first MATT initiative of is focused on Multi-Touch Attribution (MTA), as many marketers believe it to be the Holy Grail for fixing marketing measurement. For more information on MMA’s MATT effort visit http://www.mmaglobal.com/matt. About the MMA The MMA is the world’s leading global non-profit trade mobile marketing association comprised of more than 800 member companies, from nearly fifty countries around the world. Our members hail from every faction of the mobile marketing ecosystem, including brand marketers, agencies, mobile technology platforms, media companies, operators and others. The MMA’s mission is to accelerate the transformation and innovation of marketing through mobile, driving business growth with closer and stronger consumer engagement. Anchoring the MMA’s mission are four core pillars; to cultivate inspiration by driving innovation for the Chief Marketing Officer; to build the mobile marketing capabilities for marketing organizations through fostering know-how and confidence; to champion the effectiveness and impact of mobile through research providing tangible ROI measurement; and to advocate for mobile marketers. Additionally, MMA industry-wide committees work collaboratively to develop and advocate global best practices and lead standards development. Members include: 1-800-Flowers.com, Allstate, American Express, Bank Of America, Campbell’s, Chase, Chobani, Choice Hotels, Citi, Colgate-Palmolive, DataXu, Dunkin’ Brands, E*TRADE, Electronic Arts, ESPN, Facebook, Ford, Foursquare, Google, Havas, Hilton, iHeartMedia, InMobi, Johnson & Johnson, Krux, Marriott, MasterCard, McDonald’s, Mondelez, Nestle, OpenMarket, Pandora, Pfizer, Pinterest, PlaceIQ, Procter & Gamble, R/GA, RadiumOne, Razorfish, Samsung, SAP, Sears, Spotify, Starcom, The Coca-Cola Company, The Rubicon Project, The Weather Company, T-Mobile, TUNE, Ubimo, Unilever, Verve, VEVO, Vibes, Visa, Walmart, Wendy’s, xAd , Zurich and many more. The MMA’s global headquarters are located in New York with regional operations Asia Pacific (APAC), Europe/Middle East/Africa (EMEA) and Latin America (LATAM). For more information about the MMA please visit http://www.mmaglobal.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13855943.htm Latest News InventHelp Invention Eliminates Blind Spots for Drivers (TOR-9584) InventHelp Inventor Creates An Improved Baiting Device (SUU-339) InventHelp Inventor Creates Improved Smartphone/Tablet Case (SUU-337) InventHelp Inventor Develops Trash-Can Accessory (STU-2119) InventHelp Inventors Develop Accessories for Customizing Musical Instruments (STU-2113) InventHelp Inventor Develops Carpet-Cleaning Tool for Pet Owners and Carpet Cleaning Companies/Manufacturers (STU-2076) Solar Panel Lifter Invented by InventHelp Client (SDB-951) InventHelp Client’s Accessory Prevents Shoulder and Neck Strain While Sitting in Low-Backrest Chairs (SDB-626) InventHelp Inventor Creates Graffiti Prevention Device (SFO-277) InventHelp Inventor Develops Football-Themed Support Pillow (SFO-276) © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
