Monday, November 21, 2016 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT BizHive  Success snowballs for KTC in East Malaysia November 20, 2016, Sunday Sharon Kong bizhive@theborneopost.com It all began with a small sundry shop It can be said that most, if not all, entrepreneurial stories have humble beginnings. For Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Bhd (KTC), one of the first tier provider of market access and coverage in distribution of consumer packaged goods (CPG) in East Malaysia, it all began in 1938 when Datuk Lau Yeong Ching first started a small sundry shop in Sabah. In an exclusive interview with BizHive Weekly, group executive director Dexter Lau revealed that his aforementioned late grandfather was an ambitious and disciplined man who practiced and preached strong principles of integrity and ethics; as the well-respected man he was and in business. “Kim Teck Cheong’s business philosophy of achieving business success and continuity through integrity and ethical business practices that KTC was built upon since its establishment, is engraved in our company name – Kim (prosperity), Teck (moral principles) and Cheong (expansion),” Dexter told in an exclusive interview. According to Dexter, it was in 1946 when the KTC family-run business moved on to expand and open up a departmental store in Kota Kinabalu. Dexter highlighted that in 1967, KTC’s current group managing director and son of the late Yeong Ching – Datuk Lau Kok Sing joined the business and has been instrumental to the business direction and growth of the group. “In 1975, the company incorporated KTC Sdn Bhd and diversified its business into the provision of market access and coverage of CPG  of third party brands – initially with personal care products in Kota Kinabalu, Sabah only,” he said. “From 1978 onwards, the company expanded quite rapidly into the distribution industry with an increasing portfolio of prominent third party brands and extended market access across East Malaysia.” Dexter himself joined the family business in 2003 upon graduation from university. He explained that he saw the need in the organisation to have better stipulated management processes and compliances, so as to better manage the company’s direction, efficiency and proper control of the company as it grows. “The business had been around for over 70 years and I understood that branding was an imperative element that contributed to the success of the company,” he said. “Hence, we saw a need to also rebrand the company and transform it into a dynamic and progressive organisation that attracts and utilises a high calibre work force and business infrastructure.” “It also meant in order to maintain our competitiveness and operation strength we had to keep up with today’s advancing technology and management structures – for example information technology (IT) systems and the cloud platform.”   Strong distribution game On how KTC ventured into the distribution business, Dexter highlighted that his father, Kok Sing, made this strategic move – when he observed market opportunities and growth potential during the 1970’s amidst a slowing economy. At that time, Kok Sing had realised that he had to devise a new business strategy in order to overcome the economic challenges and sustain the company’s long-term growth. “Armed with a new game plan, he converted the then prominent retail outlet and departmental store to a fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) distribution and trading business that included logistic management,” Dexter said. “Datuk Lau’s bold move paid off and business expanded beyond Kota Kinabalu to the towns of Tawau, Sandakan and Labuan.” Kok Sing also managed to secure several major distributorships, that paved the way for KTC to become the success that it is today. KTC mainly distributes products that are staples in every household such as personal care products, household products, babycare products, food and beverage (F&B) products and over the counter (OTC) drugs and health supplements. “Hence, these are inelastic products that are less susceptible to gradual increases in prices and are consumed regardless of the economic environment,” Dexter said. “The economy has affected consumer spending over the last year and has indirectly reflected a slight slow down to our sales as a group; but with that said our business model with strong independent relations directly with brands owners enables us to mitigate and stabilize these scenarios across the panel and maintain profitability.” KTC is currently distributing over 200 third party brands from approximately 40 brand owners. Some of the more prominent brands that the group distributes include Coca Cola, Horlicks, L’Oreal, Kimberley Clarke, Procter and Gamble (P&G), Pantene, Shiseido, Tefal and many more. Today, KTC has 7,087 distribution points covering 84 districts in East Malaysia and 21 distribution centers and warehousing facilities.   KTC venturing into manufacturing Recently, KTC took it upon itself to venture into its own brands and bakery products as the group saw it as a good business opportunity that will enable it to provide the products that it does not already have. According to Dexter, the products under KTC’s brand complements the group’s product portfolio whilst at the same time it is focused on items that are not so brand sensitive within the targeted consumer market. KTC’s manufacturing is purely focused in bakery products under the group’s own house brand Creamos. The entire process from dough pressing, moulding, slicing, filling and automated packaging are carried out at the group’s own facility in Kota Kinabalu. K TC’s current manufacturing facility sits on 1.87 acres of land with a total built up area of approximately 20,596 sq ft. The group’s bakery products include bread rolls (with flavoured cream fillers), sandwich loaf, chiffon cupcakes, soya milk and cream crackers. KTC’s bakery products are distributed and sold in Sabah and Labuan, which are made available at various retail outlets, hypermarkets, supermarkets, sundry shops, convenience stores, petrol kiosk, Chinese medical halls and school canteens. “We do not have any concrete plans to expand or add new manufacturing facilities at this time,” Dexter affirmed. In addition to Creamos, KTC also has Orie, which is the group’s own brand of CPG. The group basically sources for finished products from external manufacturers locally and overseas and then pack these under its own brand Orie. KTC currently carries 39 products under its Orie brand which consists of beverages, chilled, frozen and dry foods. In its Annual Report for 2016, it was revealed by KTC that the strategy in establishing its own brand of CPG is to optimise the group’s existing network and to complement its existing range of products that it is not distributing for third party brands owners. KTC’s CPG brands are currently distributed in Sabah, Sarawak and Labuan.   Expansion mode on KTC is recognised and acknowledged for its high level of efficiency and productivity testified by the group’s long standing working relationships with industry giants such as P&G (over 20 years), Wipro Unza (over 20 years) amongst others. Dexter noted that this led KTC to become a preferred and ambitious choice of career within the industry, as well as an ideal business partner to suppliers and customers nationwide. “Being one of the top first tier distributors in Sabah, our competitive edge lies in our capability in providing coverage for wide range of products and recognisable brands, our wide distribution network, established track record, economies of scale and the collective experience of our directors and management personnel,” he enthused. KTC has to date, expanded beyond Sabah to its neighbouring state, Sarawak and is taking a global step of outreaching to Brunei Darussalam. According to Dexter, expanding into Sarawak was a part of KTC’s long term business plans to further extend the group’s presence and strengthen its distribution network. “After doing the necessary homework and were confident that we were able to replicate our success in Sarawak, KTC acquired KH Enterprise Sdn Bhd (now known as KTC Sarawak) in Sibu, Sarawak in September 2013. “Today, we have three distribution centres in Sarawak itself to support our business operations,” he said. KTC’s expansion plans that the group had set out for during its listing have been progressively realised, Dexter affirmed. He emphasised that for now, KTC needs to focus on its business executions and continue in delivering quality and efficiency with the group’s operations and client servicing. “The management is also working on evaluating and rationalising our product portfolio to ensure that we are maximising our resources and profit generation,” Dexter said. Given the group’s recent ventures into Sarawak and Brunei and acquisition, KTC is now focusing on the operations there first and ensuring its success. “Additionally, we see that there are still plenty of low hanging fruits within East Malaysia and Brunei that we can capitalise on,” he added. Since its listing in November 2015 to date, KTC has increased capacity in five key areas in the region. In Sarawak alone, the group has increased Sibu capacity from 8,000 square feet (sq ft) to 35,000 sq ft, opened up a 10,000 sq ft facilitiy in Bintulu, increased capacity in Miri from 10,000 sq ft to 43,000 sq ft and increased the square footage in Kuching from 7,000 to 40,000. Over in Sabah, KTC expanded capacity in Kota Kinabalu from 105,000 sq ft to 150,000 sq ft. Dexter pointed out that throughout the calendar year of 2016, KTC has successfully completed the acquisition of Popular Trading (Borneo) Corporation Bhd (Popular Trading) while the proposed acquisitions of Trans Paint Sdn Bhd (Trans Paint) and Grandtop Marketing Sdn Bhd (Grandtop Marketing) is expected to be completed by the year end. Kok Sing remarked in the group’s annual report 2016 that the completed acquisition of 100 per cent quity interest in Popular Trading May 2016 was a synergistic buy for KTC as the former complemented and further cemented the group’s existing distribution business in East Malaysia thereby allowing KTC to further expand into Sarawak. “Popular Trading brings 48 years of solid industry track record in the line of distribution and wholesale trading,” he opined. He added that the seamless merger of both the companies’ business infrastructure and resources provided immediate enlargement to KTC’s business scale and market share in Sarawak. As for Trans Paint, KTC had entered into a share sale and purchase agreement in September 2016 in relation to the acquisition of 100 per cent equity interest in Trans Paint which is the sole registered and beneficial owner of a warehousing facility located in Kuching. Once the acquisition is completed, KTC will use the warehousing facilities to support the group’s expanding operations in tandem with its business growth in Sarawak. “This additional warehousing facilities and office would have a built-up area of approximately 39,000 sq ft and 6,000 sq ft respectively,” Kok Sing said. On another note, Kok Sing revealed that the group had entered into an agreement which enabled it to hold 60 per cent equity interest in Grandtop Marketing, an existing distributor of CPG covering a range of F&B products, personal care and household products in Brunei to address opportunities in this market. Upon completion, Grandtop Marketing will be KTC’s first business venture outside of East Malaysia. “The acquisition will provide KTC with immediate penetration into the Brunei market with over 600 sales and distribution points, supported by ready business infrastructure and warehousing facilities,” he said. “Grandtop Marketing not only extends the KTC’s business footprint outside of East Malaysia but it also adds multiple brands to our brand portfolio of Milo, Kit Kat, Maggi, Nestle, Crunch, Silky Girl, Revlon, Ngan Yin Cap Tangan and many more.” Moving ahead, KTC is optimistic that the group can maintain a favourable and positive performance with its newly appointed distribution contracts from SCGM Bhd (SCGM), Anakku Sdn Bhd (Anakku), Marigold and Procter & Gamble (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd (P&G). “The extended distribution contract to Sarawak and Brunei with P&G has placed KTC as the largest partner in the region,” Dexter said, adding that KTC has been working with P&G for over 30 years and has been distributing its products in Sabah and Labuan. Performance over the past year Despite there being no comparative figures from previous financial years given that this is KTC’s first consolidated results being announced in compliance with the ACE Market Listing Requirements of Bursa Malaysia, the group managed to record a revenue of RM341.13 million and a profit after tax of RM1.93 million for the financial year ended (FYE) June 30, 2016. According to Kok Sing’s statement in the annual report, KTC’s main revenue stream is derived from the distribution of third party brands, which represented RM326.43 million or 95.69 per cent of the group’s total revenue. “This is followed by the distribution of our own brands, which accounted for RM8.16 million or 2.39 per cent of the group’s total revenue,” he said. “A small portion of the group’s business is attributed by the manufacturing of bakery products, which accounted for RM6.54 million or 1.92 per cent of the group’s total revenue.” Over the 12-month period, Sabah contributed a large proportion of KTC’s revenue with RM299.02 million, representing 87.66 per cent of the group’s total revenue while Sarawak accounted 7.48 per cent and the remaining 4.86 per cent was from Labuan. On the other hand, KTC’s reduced profit in FYE June 30, 2016 was attributable to the listing expenses incurred in relation to the group’s Listing and increased expenditure on business infrastructure and warehousing facilities. “However, our group is now in a better position for profit growth for the financial year ending June 30, 2017 with these infrastructure in place,” Kok Sing stated.   Key highlights since listing on Bursa January • KTC entered into a MOU on January 11, 2016, to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Popular Trading. • KTC entered into a MOU on January 21, 2016, with SCGM who was desirous to appoint the group as the sole distributor of SCGM’s ‘Benxon’-brand food packaging and plastic cups to food and beverage retailers and manufacturers in the East Malaysia and Brunei markets. • KTC entered into a conditional sale of shares agreement on January 29, 2016, to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Popular Trading.   February • Subsequent to the KTC-SCGM MOU signing on January 21, KTC’s board of directors announced on February 22, 2016 that subsidiaries Kim Teck Cheong Distribution Sdn Bhd (KTC Distribution) and Kim Teck Cheong (Sarawak) Sdn Bhd (KTC Sarawak) had on February 20, 2016 entered into the distribution agreements with Lee Soon Seng Plastic Industries Sdn Bhd (LSSPI), a wholly owned subsidiary of SCGM, respectively to undertake the distribution and sale of finished goods products manufactured and sold by LSSPI in Sabah and Sarawak respectively on the terms and conditions as stipulated in the agreements. • On February 29, 2016, KTC entered into a MOU with Yung Kong Company Bhd (Yung Kong) with the intention to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Trans Paint which is the sole registered and beneficial owner of a property such warehousing facilitiy located in Kuching.   March • KTC entered into two conditional agreements on March 16, 2016: a) conditional share purchase agreement with Phang Lee Yen, Lim Sok Lan and Woo Chung Heng to acquire a total of 80,000 ordinary shares of B$1.00 each in Grandtop Marketing for a consideration of B$80,000 (equivalent to approximately RM238,464). b) conditional share subscription agreement with Grandtop Marketing to subscribe for 520,000 new ordinary shares of B$1.00 each for a consideration of B$520,000 (equivalent to approximately RM1,550,016). The proposed acquisition and proposed subscription will enable KTC to collectively hold 60 per cent equity interest in Grandtop Marketing. • Further to the announcement made on March 16, 2016, the board of directors announced on March 18, 2016 that the total purchase consideration of B$600,000 (equivalent to approximately RM1,788,480) for proposed acquisition and proposed subscription will be fully satisfied in cash by the company. The purchase consideration of B$80,000 (equivalent to approximately RM238,464) for the proposed acquisition will be paid in one lump sum within three months from the date upon the fulfilment of the conditions precedent of the share purchase agreement.   May • Reference was made to the company’s announcement dated January 29, 2016 on May 30, 2016 that unless otherwise defined, the definitions set out in the announcement shall apply herein. KTC’s board of directors announced on May 30, 2016 that all the conditions precedent of the agreement had been fulfilled and the acquisition completed. Accordingly, Popular Trading became a wholly-owned subsidiary company of KTC.   June • KTC Sarawak, an 80 per cent equity owned subsidiary of KTC, entered into a distributorship agreement on June 7, 2016, with Anakku. Anakku agreed to appoint KTC Sarawak as its non-exclusive distributor for the sale and distribution of all hardline accessories which include baby feeding, grooming and teething accessories and toys; fast moving consumer (FMCG) products such as wet wipes, toiletries and napkins; and softline products such as apparels and other wear accessories. The group noted that products bearing the trademarks of Anakku, Disney, Doraemon, Minicare, Family Essential and other brand names distributed by Anakku included in the aforementioned items, will be advised to KTC Sarawak from time to time. • KTC’s wholly-owned subsidiary KTC Distribution and KTC Sarawak had on June 13, 2016 entered into separate distributorship agreements with Cotra Enterprises Sdn Bhd respectively wherein the supplier granted to the distributors the right during the continuance of the agreements to purchase for resale of MARIGOLD UHT Asian Drink, MARIGOLD UHT Fruit Drink, MARIGOLD UHT 100% Fruit Juice, MARIGOLD UHT Milk and MARIGOLD Canned Milk in Kudat, Kota Kinabalu, Beaufort and Miri based on the terms and conditions as stipulated in the agreements.   July • Board of directors announced on July 4, 2016 that KTC’s wholly-owned subsidiary, AMDA Marketing (Sabah) Sdn Bhd changed its name to Kim Teck Cheong (Borneo) Sdn Bhd (KTC Borneo) with effect from June 27, 2016 as stipulated in the Certificate of Incorporation on Change of Name of Company issued by the Companies Commission of Malaysia, which was received by the group on June 29, 2016.   August • KTC Borneo had on August 1, 2016 received the appointment letter from P&G who agreed to appoint KTC Borneo as its distributor in Sarawak with effect from October 1, 2016.   September • KTC had on September 7, 2016 entered into a share sale and purchase agreement with Yung Kong to acquire 100 per cent equity interest in Trans Paint which is the sole registered and beneficial owner of a property i.e. warehousing facility located in Kuching, Sarawak for a purchase consideration of RM2,535,482 to be funded via the initial public offering proceeds.   October • KTC Borneo and P&G had previously entered into a distribution agreement on September 17, 2015 wherein KTC Borneo was appointed as a distributor of P&G for its products in Sabah with effect from July 1, 2015 until June 30, 2017. It was announced on October 4, 2016 that on September 30, 2016, KTC Borneo and P&G entered into a supplemental distribution agreement to expand the distribution territories to include Sarawak and Brunei.     What do you think of this story? Great (100%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← Telco firms warned against disclosing client information RM500,000 diperuntuk sedia bas sebagai mahkamah bergerak di Sarawak → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Two DOTA fans score 6A's in UPSR Thousands to converge on Kuching Waterfront for Sarawak Regatta Idris Buang: Adenan not backpedalling Dr Mahathir making his way to Bersih 5 Hundreds congregate at Kuching Amphitheatre for Bersih rally Weekly News Highlights Seeds: The Borneo Post SEEDS by BPOnline New Zealand: large areas were devastated by earthquake By Anda Robescu The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that struck at midnight on Nov 15, followed by a replica of 6.3 degrees magnitude on Monday afternoon, has caused total devastation in some areas. In these... Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Saturday, 19 November 2016 KTC sees good year ahead by toh kar inn Company feels confident after winning Procter & Gamble, Anakku distribution rights CONSUMER packaged goods distributor Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Bhd (KTC) is looking to a stronger year ahead, having been awarded several distribution rights and being on track to grow its network. Recently, KTC was appointed distributor for Procter & Gamble (P&G) and Anakku products in East Malaysia. While the distribution of Anakku baby products in East Malaysia contribute about RM1mil to RM1.5mil to KTC’s monthly revenue, P&G products generate a monthly revenue of RM11mil in East Malaysia, plus BND800,000 (RM2.47mil) from sales in Brunei through Ben Foods (B) Sdn Bhd. To name a few, brands like Gilette, Ambi Pur, Febreze, Downy, Head & Shoulders, Oral B and Pantene are under the umbrella of P&G, an American multinational consumer goods manufacturer. It is learnt that the group was looking to secure the distribution of a major confectionery and beverage brand to secure distribution rights which would give it the mass market presence. KTC executive director Dexter Lau (pic) tells StarBizWeek that the group will acquire four additional warehouses to support its distribution business, on top of the soon-to-be completed acquisition of a distribution arm for the Brunei market. The completion of Grandtop Marketing Sdn Bhd’s acquisition will see an estimated earnings contribution of BND1.4mil (RM4.32mil) per month to KTC’s earnings. “We are in the midst of finalising some paperwork for the proposed acquisition of Grandtop Marketing, so we are on track to completing the acquisition by December 2016. “The 60% stake acquisition of Grandtop Marketing will provide us with a wider network of 600 sales and distribution points in the Brunei market. “In addition to extending KTC’s footprint out of East Malaysia, the procurement of Grandtop Marketing will also add multiple brands to our brand portfolio, as it already has distribution rights for brands like Nestle, Maggi, Milo, Silky Girl and Revlon,” says Lau. Lau added that KTC is considering to expand the Anakku brand to Brunei and maybe even the Asean region, though there are no firm plans to date. KTC is involved in three business streams, namely, distribution of third party brands, manufacturing of bakery products and distribution of its own brands, Orie and Creamos. Lessons to learn It was a learning curve for KTC after it reported net losses in the third quarter ended March 31, 2016 (Q3FY16), amounting to RM1.67mil. According to a Bursa filing, the loss was mainly attributed to weak consumer sentiment coupled with erosion of margin on sales of new beverage products, as well as inventory write-offs of expired beverage products. However, the group was quick to turn to black, as it registered net profit of RM1.06mil in the immediate quarter. “We have since cleaned up our balance sheet and having learnt from this bitter experience, we will continue to be vigilant and better manage the risk factors. “Our revenue and gross profit margin is still there, so we just need a couple more quarters to recover from this provision. “We expect to grow our revenue by some 30% to RM450mil in FY17,” says Lau. For FY16, KTC registered revenue and net profit of RM341.13mil and RM1.85mil, respectively. A year since being listed on the ACE market, KTC has completed most of the business plans as set out in its prospectus. To date, the group has spent an estimated RM8mil from the RM21.3mil raised from its initial public offering (IPO). This means that only 37% of the funds have been utilised. Lau elaborates that RM9mil from the remaining fund is allocated for the purchase of properties like warehouses, which the group is actively scouting for. Bulk of the expenditure was on the expansion of KTC’s facilities and acquisitions of distribution chains to support the growing business. For example, three months prior to distributing P&G products, KTC had to heavily invest in the necessary facilities and adequate manpower to cater to the influx of P&G products. “During this period, we incurred a lot of cost as we had to house twice the usual volume of stocks prior to commencing the distribution of P&G products. “We had to prepare sufficient racks to ensure efficient warehousing of P&G products, as well as purchase additional vehicles, forklifts and machineries to support the logistics part of our operations. “New employees were hired three months prior, to be trained and regularised for daily operations that were to come,” says Lau. In Sabah, the group’s manufacturing facility now measures 20,596 sq ft as compared to the previous 5,600 sq ft facility and a new warehousing facility in the midst of construction will be operational by the end of 2017. As for Sarawak, KTC has acquired a warehousing facility and a distribution company. KTC’s plan to establish a manufacturing facility in Sarawak will be put on hold for the time being, as with its plans for its own brand bakery products to enter into new markets. This is because the group aims to focus on stabilising the distribution business of P&G and Anakku products before embarking on expansion of its bakery product line. “We want to ensure that our operations are in place and running efficiently, before we establish a bakery manufacturing facility in Sarawak. P&G is our largest partner currently, contributing at least one third of our monthly revenue,” explains Lau. Collectively, the warehousing capacity for Sarawak has increased from 25,360 sq ft to 120,863 sq ft, mainly to support the distribution of P&G products. In total, KTC has 15 distribution centres in Sabah, four in Sarawak and two in Labuan, with warehousing capacities of 226,142 sq ft, 120,863 sq ft and 19,526 sq ft, respectively. Sales of KTC’s bakery products, which are marketed under the Creamos brand, have been sluggish. The sluggish sales were prominent in areas such as Lahad Datu, Sandakan and Tawau in Sabah, where businesses have slowed down due to the recent kidnappings. “We are struggling to meet sales, but we are not overly upset about the situation. “We have the financial capability to weather through the sluggishness, which we believe will eventually turn around. “Hence, we will continue building on our fundamentals,” says Lau. Although KTC’s bakery manufacturing division only contributes about 5% of the group’s revenue, the group believes that there is still growth opportunities in the division. Lau says that the low income group relies on Creamos products due to its affordable prices. Coupled with the nature of the manufacturing division being complementary to KTC’s distribution operations, KTC is not slowing down or discounting on this segment. In fact, KTC will continue to grow its own brands by adding new products to the Orie brand line up. The group will introduce peanuts and chocolates in the near term, with aims to market more snacks that are priced below RM1 in the future. Tags / Keywords: Property , Construction , Investing , Property , Kim Teck Cheong Consolidated Bhd , consumer , distribution , P G , Anakku , ACE market , manufacturing Related Stories BlackRock, Fidelity, Pimco issue inflation warnings P&G profit beats on cost cuts, demand for home care goods Noble Group agrees to US$1.05bil sale of US energy unit ‘Market weight’ retained on consumer sector QSR Brands plans US$400mil IPO, says IFR You May Be Interested SC announces new appointments Soft luxury condominium market prevails The gig economy only a stopgap measure to our woes Tan & Tan: Brand is as important as location Stocks falter; euro hits dollar low for year Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Swiss & affordable Perak cruise to second win in Under-14 hockey meet Property Related advertisement Latest News A ‘Yan’ to be the best Inevitable, essential failure Reflections on Budget 2017 Briefs Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa Most Viewed in Business Governor: Bank Negara won’t tolerate ringgit transactions in NDF market PNB unit trust funds hit 210.63 billion units as of October Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Extra Online Foto Vídeo Extra Digital Promoções Acervo Classificados O Globo Princípios Editoriais Assine Extra Online Capa Notícias Ir para capa de Notícias Animais Brasil Carros e Motos Celular e Tecnologia Economia Educação Eu-Patrão Minha casa, minhas dúvidas Mundo Profissões de Sucesso Rio Saúde e Ciência Assuntos Quentes Imposto de Renda Operação Lava-Jato Blogs Contra a Corrente Extra, Extra Sem mimimi Viral Fechar Últimas Vice-presidente eleito dos EUA diz não ter ficado ofendido com comentários em musical da Broadway Merkel quer concorrer a 4º mandato como chanceler da Alemanha, dizem fontes Pence disse que não se ofendeu com comentários de ator da Broadway Preocupação de países ricos com estrangeiros ameaça ajuda a refugiados, diz comissário da ONU Equipe do Bope é deslocada para fazer incursão na Cidade de Deus Polícia Ir para capa de Polícia Assuntos Quentes Bope Tráfico de drogas UPP Blogs Comissário de Polícia Papo Federal Fechar Últimas #Éboato que a Linha Amarela tenha sido bloqueada por traficantes neste domingo Pezão decreta luto oficial pela morte de policiais na Cidade de Deus Ministro da Justiça coloca Força nacional à disposição do Rio após queda de helicóptero Estações do BRT que ficam próximas à Cidade de Deus são alvo de vândalos Vídeos registram série de tentativas de abate do helicóptero da PM na Cidade de Deus Emprego Ir para capa de Emprego Capacitação Concursos Servidor Público Blogs Empreendedorismo Fechar Últimas Conheça os direitos dos trabalhadores temporários e veja dicas para ser efetivado Pezão espera ter ajuda de Temer para fechar as contas de 2016, mas governo federal pedirá contrapartidas PM do Rio defende manifestações: 'mais do que um direito, uma necessidade' Apesar da pressão, trabalho extra na Alerj só de terça a quinta Pezão espera ter ajuda de Temer para fechar as contas de 2016, mas governo federal pedirá contrapartidas Famosos Ir para capa de Famosos Ensaios Sensuais Retratos da Bola Twitter dos Famosos Assuntos Quentes Deborah Secco Gretchen Luana Piovani Blogs Astros dos Astros Valesca Popozuda Fechar Últimas No Dia da Consciência Negra, relembre famosos que foram vítima de racismo Com cachos coloridos, Kizi Vaz lembra que fazia escova após ser chamada de ‘vassourinha’: ‘Ouvia quieta’ Gretchen dona de casa, Caio Castro abre intimidade, Galisteu na cama: famosos criam canais para se expor na web De volta para casa, Pedro Scooby cuida dos filhos enquanto Luana Piovani vai a casamento em Belo Horizonte Gretchen dona de casa, Caio Castro abre intimidade, Galisteu na cama: famosos criam canais para se expor na web Mulher Ir para capa de Mulher Beleza Corpo Decoração Moda Blogs Um Dedo de Prosa Fechar Últimas Érika Januza, de 'Sol Nascente', diz que já foi rejeitada por família de namorado por ser negra Após perder 13kg, ex-BBB Cacau diz que tem dificuldade para manter rotina de treinos e dieta Especial Publicitário De carona com elas Infográfico: uso correto do cinto de segurança para gestantes Após perder 13kg, ex-BBB Cacau diz que tem dificuldade para manter rotina de treinos e dieta TV e Lazer Ir para capa de TV e Lazer BBB Música Prêmio Extra de TV Resumo de Novelas Viagem e turismo Assuntos Quentes Velho Chico Blogs Roda de Samba Telinha Fechar Últimas Drake concorre a seu primeiro American Music Award, mas está fora de prêmio principal Ana Beatriz Nogueira, de ‘Rock story’:‘O medo de passar do tom é diário’ Érika Januza, de 'Sol Nascente', diz que já foi rejeitada por família de namorado por ser negra Após perder 13kg, ex-BBB Cacau diz que tem dificuldade para manter rotina de treinos e dieta 'A lei do amor': Tiago diz a Pedro que matou Isabela Esporte Ir para capa de Esporte Botafogo Flamengo Fluminense Rio 2016 Vasco Assuntos Quentes Jogos Estudantis Blogs Extracampo Gilmar Ferreira MMA Fechar Últimas Reedie é reeleito para segundo mandato como presidente da Agência Mundial Antidoping Zidane elogia Cristiano Ronaldo após superar recorde de Di Stefano em clássicos Com 'cheirinho' por um fio, Flamengo recebe o Coritiba e já tem avaliação de elenco quase pronta Enquanto planeja 2017, Flu precisa vencer a Ponte para se manter vivo no Brasileiro Cristiano Ronaldo passa Di Stéfano e se torna o maior goleador do clássico de Madri Buscar no Extra Notícias Economia Eu-Patrão PRÊMIO EXTRA DE TV Conheça os indicados de 2016 e vote Como a P&G usou o hábito dos consumidores a seu favor Fechar comentários Enviar para o Facebook Twitter Google+ Comentar Enviar por e-mail Imprimir Google+ Twitter Facebook Comentar Enviar por e-mail Imprimir Publicado em 18/11/16 12:12 Atualizado em 18/11/16 12:13 Tweetar Como a P&G usou o hábito dos consumidores a seu favor P&G usou o hábito dos consumidores a seu favor Foto: Divulgação Joao Francisco, Mentor Endeavor Tamanho do texto A A A Anos atrás, a P&G batalha para lançar um produto no mercado, mas tudo mudou quando a empresa entendeu o que seus consumidores realmente queriam O Poder do Hábito deve ser levado em conta pelo seu marketing? E mais, será que isso traria benefícios a sua empresa ou a você como líder? Sei que você deve estar curioso para saber a resposta a esta pergunta, mas antes vou te contar uma história: Anos atrás, um dos químicos da Procter & Gamble, ao chegar em casa foi indagado pela sua esposa: - Você parou de fumar? - Não! Por quê? - Suas roupas não estão com cheiro de cigarro. Para ele que vinha desenvolvendo um novo produto químico, foi como se um alerta disparasse. Ao voltar para sua empresa no dia seguinte, passou a testar à exaustão a tal solução que parecia eliminar os maus odores. A cada teste o produto se mostrava mais poderoso. Era impressionante! O mau cheiro desaparecia magicamente! A P&G então, acreditando no potencial do produto, passou a investir milhares de dólares na produção de um spray, com o nome de Febreze e com uma campanha de marketing agressiva, que visava distribuir milhares de amostras no mercado, mas passaram-se meses e as vendas não decolavam. Os estoques mantinham-se repletos do produto e a empresa tentava desesperadamente descobrir como posicionar o produto e escalar as vendas. Para compreenderem o que acontecia, começaram a visitar as donas de casas. Muitas delas relatavam que haviam usado o produto por um tempo, mas acabaram abandonando-o no fundo do armário. Era evidente que, se não conquistasse o hábito de uso, não haveria também a rotina da compra. A P&G então contratou peritos em psicologia do consumidor para tentar superar a possível objeção e reverter o prejuízo que tendia a aumentar cada vez mais. Voltaram a visitar residências que apresentavam interesse pelos produtos inibidores de maus odores, como casas de fumantes e pessoas que conviviam com animais, como cães e gatos. A conclusão que chegaram é que as pessoas habituadas a conviver em ambientes com maus odores eram incapazes de detectar a maioria desses odores. Os fumantes, por exemplo, invariavelmente, perdem a sensibilidade ao cheiro, que, ao contrário, é facilmente percebido por outras pessoas. Portanto, o gatilho, que iria deflagrar o interesse pelo produto era insatisfatório, não fazia despertar o interesse. Desse modo, a estratégia de marketing posicionando o Febreze como um produto que prometia proporcionar benefícios diferenciados, mascarando odores desagradáveis com perfumes, não se mostrava muito assertiva. Além de que essa proposta já era utilizada por concorrentes bem estabelecidos. Não se evoluiria, portanto, para uma rotina de uso do Febreze. O que você faria nesta situação? Bem, segundo os pesquisadores contratados pela P&G. não havia mais nada a fazer dentro da empresa e a resposta deveria estar com o próprio consumidor. Assim, para compreender a experiência do consumidor, a equipe do Febreze passou a dedicar inúmeras horas dentro das lojas e casas dos consumidores “ouvindo” o que eles tinham a dizer. Dentre tantas visitas, resolveram acompanhar de perto uma dona de casa que dizia adorar o Febreze. Ela usava o produto todos os dia, mas, para surpresa dos pesquisadores, a casa não parecia um lugar com problemas de odores. Não havia moradores fumantes, nem possuíam bichos de estimação. A pergunta imediata dos pesquisadores foi: Por que você usa o Febreze? E ela respondeu de forma simples: - Bem, meus meninos estão entrando na puberdade e o quarto deles mantém um constante cheiro de vestiário. Eu uso Febreze de um jeito diferente, faço assim: limpo normalmente os cômodos e quando termino dou um toque final com produto. Nesse momento um dos pesquisadores detecta um padrão quase imperceptível. Pediram então para acompanhá-la em um dia de limpeza. E o que constataram? No quarto ela fez a cama, ajustou os travesseiros, esticou os lençóis e ao final borrifou Febreze na colcha lisa. Na sala, passou o aspirador, recolheu os sapatos dos filhos, endireitou a mesa de centro e novamente aplicou o spray no carpet limpo. E justificou: “Borrifar é uma pequena comemoração quando eu termino de limpar o cômodo”. Agora, estava claro para os pesquisadores: Havia um gatilho que era a necessidade de higienizar o ambiente. A rotina era a ação diária de limpeza. E a recompensa que faltava era o aroma final de casa limpa. Até então, o marketing da P&G havia se equivocado ao posicionar o produto como um eliminador de odores. O que os consumidores desejavam era uma fragrância final como uma sensação agradável, exaltando o trabalho pronto. Isso iria, definitivamente, caracterizar o fechamento do loop dos hábitos. Depois dessa constatação a P&G decidiu transformar o produto em um perfumador de ambientes, com um design marcante e rótulos que mostravam janelas abertas e ar puro entrando pela casa. Com essa sutil mudança na campanha publicitária as vendas começaram a disparar e a P&G que esteve a beira de descontinuar o produto, alcançou sucesso e sustentabilidade nas vendas ao alavancar as receitas em mais de 1Bi U$ por ano. Finalizando, você pode concluir que as inovações tecnológicas são necessárias, mas não suficientes para criarem inovações lucrativas que os consumidores desejem comprar. A resposta para que se faça algo diferenciado e que possua benefícios e atributos únicos estará sempre no consumidor. Imprimir Email Comentar Facebook Twitter Google+ Próximo A coragem de optar pela jornada incerta por paixão Últimas de Eu-Patrão Empreendedores revelam válvulas de escape para reduzir o estresse A coragem de optar pela jornada incerta por paixão Como a P&G usou o hábito dos consumidores a seu favor O difícil é começar: como empreendedores “gringos” estão mudando mercados no Brasil Ler mais de Eu-Patrão Comentário Comentários Encerrados Os comentários são de responsabilidade exclusiva de seus autores e não representam a opinião deste site. Se achar algo que viole os termos de uso, denuncie. Leia as perguntas mais frequentes para saber o que é impróprio ou ilegal. As mais lidas 1 Empreendedores revelam válvulas de escape para reduzir o estresse 2 Como a P&G usou o hábito dos consumidores a seu favor 3 De onde vem os empregos que os candidatos tanto falam que vão gerar? Primeira página Casos de Polícia Moradores retiram corpos de mata dentro da Cidade de Deus Casos de Polícia Temer lamenta mortes de policiais militares Casos de Polícia Estações do BRT na Cidade de Deus são alvo de vândalos Casos de Polícia Sobrevivente de ataque em 2009 fala dos colegas mortos Casos de Polícia Rio teve mais um policial militar morto no sábado Notícias Animais Brasil Carros e Motos Celular e Tecnologia Contra a Corrente Economia Educação Eu-Patrão Extra, Extra Gerson Monteiro Minha casa, minhas dúvidas Mundo Por Dentro da Foto Pai Paulo de Oxalá Rio Saúde e Ciência Sem mimimi Shmuel Lemle Casos de Polícia Comissário de Polícia Papo Federal Emprego Capacitação Concursos Servidor Público Famosos Astros dos Astros Ensaios Sensuais Fotos Retratos da Bola Mulher Beleza Corpo Decoração Moda Um Dedo de Prosa TV e Lazer Malhação Música Resumo de Novelas Roda de Samba Telinha Vai Dar Certo Velho Chico Viagem e Turismo Esporte Botafogo Extracampo Flamengo Fluminense Gilmar Ferreira Lutas MMA Rio 2016 Vasco Previsão do Tempo Rio de Janeiro mín 15° máx 27° Sol com muitas nuvens durante o dia e períodos de céu nublado. Noite com muitas nuvens. Outras cidades Receba o Extra Extra RSS App de Notícias Versão para Celular Fale com Extra Política de Privacidade Termos de Uso WhatsApp - Termos de uso Ajuda Anuncie no Site Assine o Extra Digital Trabalhe Conosco Mapa do Site © 2006 - 2016 Todos os direitos reservados a Infoglobo Comunicação e Participações S.A. Este material não pode ser publicado, transmitido por broadcast, reescrito ou redistribuição sem prévia autorização. EXTRA DIGITAL R$ 2,00/mês por 6 meses Conheça as vantagens: O assinante digital lê o Extra no computador ou tablet a qualquer hora com comodidade e agilidade. Acessa um arquivo com todas as edições dos últimos 30 dias. Tem nas mãos a qualidade do jornalismo do Extra. Objetividade, clareza e prestação de serviços. Depois R$ 10,00/mês Assine
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Ginger Deer and The Property Brothers: How Lowe's Will Double Down on Digital This Holiday By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 1 hour ago Array 0 P&G Just Unloaded 100 Brands. Now What? By Jack Neff - 1 hour ago Array 0 Diageo VR Experience Puts You in the Middle of a Drunk-Driving Crash By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago Array 0 The Media Chart: Trump Rolls, but NFL Shows Signs of Revival 4 hours ago Array 0 Facebook Shutters Atlas Ad Serving as Ad Tech Landscape Changes By Garett Sloane - 6 hours ago Array 0 Diageo VR Experience Puts You in the Middle of a Drunk-Driving Crash By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago 0 Ginger Deer and The Property Brothers: How Lowe's Will Double Down on Digital This Holiday By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 1 hour ago 0 Facebook Shutters Atlas Ad Serving as Ad Tech Landscape Changes By Garett Sloane - 6 hours ago 0 What Are the Metrics for Measuring Chatbots? By David Berkowitz - 8 hours ago 0 Kristen Bell and Idina Menzel Relive Their Childhoods in Amex Spot for Small Business Saturday By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 A Ban on PowerPoint? How Diageo Changed Its Culture By E.J. Schultz - 2 days ago 0 Publicis Merges Digital Shops SapientNitro and Razorfish, Creating SapientRazorfish By Lindsay Stein - Yesterday 0 Omnicom Launches Dedicated McDonald's Agency We Are Unlimited By Lindsay Stein and Jessica Wohl - Yesterday 0 Facebook Reports More Measurement Glitches By Garett Sloane - 2 days ago 0 Clinton Went Too Negative, Says Democratic Latino Voter Group By Kate Kaye - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 P&G Just Unloaded 100 Brands. Now What? Marketer Will Even Out Spending, Up Broad-Reach TV and Embrace 'Open Sourced' Creative By Jack Neff. Published on November 18, 2016. Most Popular Procter & Gamble Co.'s belt-tightening on agency and production costs isn't over, but the focus appears to be more on production now. And its increased spending on media looks to benefit the biggest social-media platforms and "broadly appealing" TV shows, based on the company's analyst day Friday in Cincinnati. Credit: Courtesy Procter and Gamble P&G didn't unveil many new initiatives, but provided some color on how it plans to rekindle growth just 49 days after completing the bulk of its massive divestiture of more than 100 brands. While P&G has been increasing media and sampling spending, that doesn't affect all line items equally. The focus is on "reach and continuity," said Chief Brand Officer Marc Pritchard, with brands such as Tide, Pampers and Febreze increasing reach 10% to 20% in the U.S. while still focusing on their most important consumer segments. That effort has included "shifting to more broadly appealing television shows and also higher-reach digital platforms," he said. On the TV side in particular, the move seems to reflect what some brand managers privately have said for years in the face of optimizer-driven buys that moved funds into thinly watched cable shows – that they saw better results from broader-reach primetime shows. Related Stories Mystery Solved: P&G Responsible for Competitors' Woes P&G's Pritchard: Time to Cut the Crap -- and the Pressure on Agencies P&G Hires New Global Media Director From Mondelez in Push to Hire More Outside Talent Big Hike in Ad Spending Helps P&G Beat Expectations, but Agency Cuts Continue Tongal Hires Former Saatchi P&G Client Lead To Woo Big Clients On "continuity," P&G is moving away from media schedules that vary month to month in order to "balance spending more evenly across months and quarters to enable top-of-mind awareness year round," Mr. Pritchard said. Even Vicks has spread its advertising out more, he said, because "40% of colds actually happen outside of the winter." Marketing costs are P&G's "third largest spend pool behind people and product," he said, noting that the company has focused on productivity by reducing spending on agency fees and production by $620 million, or around 30% from three years ago to around $1.4 billion, in part by cutting the number of agencies it works with in half to around 3,000. Those cuts haven't fallen entirely evenly. Juan Fernando Posada, president of the Latin America Selling & Market Operation, said P&G has cut these so-called "non-working media" costs by $100 million in the region – accounting for around 16% of P&G's overall reduction, even though it represents only around 8% of company sales. Those cuts haven't hurt Latin America sales, which grew 8% organically last fiscal year, he said, well ahead of the company average. More broadly, Mr. Pritchard said, "We reassigned several brands to higher-quality partners, and we cut the workload to produce far fewer but much better advertising and marketing campaigns. "Companywide there's still plenty of opportunity, as we're still spending around $500 million in advertising production around the world," he said, though agencies aren't entirely off the hook. Future efforts to improve marketing productivity will include using "digital technology for production, pooling production and also using open sourcing in creativity in our work to create advertising both within and outside existing agency networks," Mr. Pritchard said. He pointed to P&G's high-end SK-II beauty brand, which has "open sourced its advertising at about 50% the cost of traditional ads." A spokeswoman noted that agency-of-record Leo Burnett came up with SK-II's broad "Change Destiny" campaign, but that briefs for individual projects within the campaign have been given broadly to other agencies in and outside Publicis Groupe. Independent Forsman & Bodenfors, later bought by MDC Partners, created the widely honored "Marriage Market" ad in China as part of that campaign. As Chief Financial Officer Jon Moeller described it, P&G's divestitures have gotten it out of businesses that rely on "self expression in fashion, flavor or fragrance and flavor" toward "daily use" categories driven more by technology and performance. And several P&G executives outlined ways they're doing that. President Global Fabric Care Shailesh Jejurikar noted that he still sees plenty of room to expand fabric enhancers such as Downy, still used by under 30% of households globally and 29% in the U.S. He hopes to build use of laundry detergent in part by encouraging people to do more frequent, smaller loads, which can save water and energy – while increasing use of detergent, particularly unit-dose Tide Pods. Chairman-CEO David Taylor noted that by launching a car air freshener that works in warm and cold weather alike, Febreze has energized a sleepy category the past four years, roughly doubling it to $500 million and capturing a roughly 45% market share. Olay, which has been struggling for years, continues to face sales challenges amid a 20% reduction in underperforming items, acknowledged Alex Keith, president-global skin and personal care. But its Regenerist Microsculpting Cream is the leading brand in its segment and saw 7% growth last year. And the Olay Eyes line launched this summer has captured a 9% market share and prompted double-digit segment growth while getting most of its users from outside the Olay brand, she said. Besides showcasing rising stars, such as Ms. Keith, Mr. Jejurikar and President Global Feminine Care Fama Francisco, Mr. Taylor also noted that the company is following through on his February pledge to recruit more talent from outside. As part of that, he announced the company's first hire of a line general manager from outside – former RB (Reckitt Benckiser) executive Paul Gama, who's coming to P&G as VP-personal health care. In this article: Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Creativity Media Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 45 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest P&G sees Trump fallout, hedge fund interest Executives want to focus on growing Procter & Gamble's slimmed-down business, but world events and market forces are putting new pressure on the company. Post to Facebook P&G sees Trump fallout, hedge fund interest Executives want to focus on growing Procter & Gamble's slimmed-down business, but world events and market forces are putting new pressure on the company.   Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2g6putu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. P&G sees Trump fallout, hedge fund interest Alexander Coolidge , acoolidge@enquirer.com 4:42 p.m. EST November 18, 2016 Buy Photo Procter & Gamble's headquarters in downtown Cincinnati. (Photo: The Enquirer/Cara Owsley)Buy Photo Just as Procter & Gamble is looking to focus on growing its slimmed-down business, world events and market forces are putting new pressure on the maker of Tide detergent and Pampers diapers. Similar to Great Britain's unexpected "Brexit" vote to leave the European Union, worldwide currency and financial markets have reacted sharply to Donald Trump's upset presidential victory in the past two weeks. Several major foreign currencies have lost value since Nov. 7, threatening to worsen P&G's problems with exchange rates that had been stabilizing. On Friday, P&G executives stuck with their previous prediction that foreign exchange would dent total sales by only 1 percent in the fiscal year ending June 30, 2017. The Cincinnati-based consumer products giant blamed unfavorable exchange rates for shaving 6 percent off company sales in each of the last two fiscal years, costing it $4 billion in lost revenue each year. "It's going to be tight in this quarter given the enormous changes in the last two weeks," said Jon Moeller, P&G's chief financial officer. Dozens of Wall Street professionals were visiting the company's Cincinnati headquarters for its annual meeting with analysts. In the days since Trump's election, the Mexican peso has lost 9 percent of its value versus the U.S. dollar. The Brazilian real and Japanese yen have lost 5 percent of their value relative to the dollar. Also, the euro has lost 4 percent, and the Russian ruble and Chinese yuan have lost nearly 2 percent. Weaker currencies versus a stronger dollar dampen P&G's sales and profits as its products become more expensive to overseas consumers and the profits that are booked lose their value when translated back into U.S. dollars. With only 41 percent of its sales from the United States, P&G is particularly vulnerable to currency woes. P&G is among two dozen major U.S. corporations listed on the S&P 500 doing less than half of its business in North America, according to Bloomberg. During the presentation, P&G executives said they were focused on the company's turnaround and did not discuss outside events. Chief executive David Taylor said the company was trying to balance growing overall sales while maintaining a healthy profit level. In the past, P&G has lost market share when it focused too much on profitability and lost money when it sought sales at any cost. "We've seen the movie when we've gone through extremes before and we don't want a sequel," Taylor said. Meanwhile, P&G officials declined to discuss a run-up in stock ownership by hedge funds, which hit almost 9 percent during the July-September quarter, according to Bloomberg. The hedge fund ownership percentage is now at a six-year high, according to Bloomberg data. It hovered around 2 percent for the last three years. Raymond James analyst Joe Altobello said investors are still sizing up the effects on P&G with Trump heading to the White House. "It's hard to say. If we do see faster economic growth it’s a modest positive for P&G," Altobello said. "That's tempered somewhat by currency and interest rate headwinds." P&G and other multinationals and consumer product companies have also taken short-term hits from Trump's campaign promises. Trump's vows to get tough on trade deals with Mexico and China have fanned worries of touching off trade wars, prompting a stock sell-off in multinationals. Trump's free-spending proposals to build a wall along Mexico and overhaul America's infrastructure have pushed up treasury yields, which is expected to increase interest rates and further strengthen the U.S. dollar as more foreign investors buy U.S. treasuries. P&G and other consumer staple stocks have declined as other sectors became much more appealing in the wake of Trump's win. Bank stocks have soared in anticipation of relaxing regulations. Investors have also moved money into the stocks of cyclical stocks such as industrials and materials companies that are expected to benefit from increased infrastructure spending. In the last month, P&G shares have declined 4 percent, while Clorox has dropped 6 percent, Church & Dwight and Kimberly-Clark have dropped 7 percent, Colgate-Palmolive has dropped 8 percent and Estee Lauder has dropped 11 percent. "P&G's stock price is now viewed differently as investors want to own stocks more that have more of a growth slant to them," said Edward Jones analyst Jack Russo. 45 CONNECTTWEET 2 LINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2g6putu TOP VIDEOS Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 Which stores are opening, closing Thanksgiving Day 0:34 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 Alternate juror in Ray Tensing trial has been dismissed 1:24 Born in Cincinnati, celebrated around the world: An anthem that unites us 3:39 Inside Prep Sports 360: Colerain Football prepares for playoffs 5:05 JP Macura looks ahead to the season 2:24
News Sports Living Obits Item Banner Cars Jobs E-Edition Subscriber Services log in Site Archive US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down Friday Nov 18, 2016 at 4:17 PM Nov 18, 2016 at 4:17 PM The Associated Press NEW YORK — Major U.S. stock indexes are slightly lower Friday as investors take a pause following a steady climb since last week's presidential election. Drugmakers and other health care companies are taking the largest losses. Small-company stocks are at record highs and still rising. Bond yields are rising further and the dollar also continues to climb. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average slid 18 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,886 as of 3:23 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,183. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high, but turned lower and gave up 8 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,325. Despite those losses, stocks are substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. SMALL CAPS GO BIG: Small-company stocks continued to gain and the Russell 2000 index bucked the overall downward trend in the market. That index has risen for 11 days in a row, a streak that dates to before the election. It's up 13 percent over that time and is trading at all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.85, or 7.3 percent, to $100.05 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 80 cents, or 16.1 percent, to $5.80. THE QUOTE: "Some of the proposals that Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. QUEASY FEELING: Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $6.53, or 3.3 percent, to $193.45 and biotech giant Amgen fell $1.80, or 1.2 percent, to $145.57. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 97 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.61. HOME GOODS GO BAD: Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up 87 cents, or 1.1 percent, to $82.20 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 65 cents to $83.33. RETAIL: Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch fell $2.44, or 14.4 percent, to $14.49 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.03, or 16.4 percent, to $25.68. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $6.25, or 13.8 percent, to $39.05. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.50, or 3.8 percent, to $68.03 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. DOLLAR SEEING GREEN: The dollar continued to climb. It's around annual highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. BONDS: Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies made the biggest gains on the market. Chevron rose $1.31, or 1.2 percent, to $109.43 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.25, or 2.9 percent, to $44.86. OUT IN FORCE: Customer management software maker Salesforce.com jumped after a solid quarterly report and strong guidance. Its stock picked up $2.44, or 3.2 percent, to $77.63. A MARVEL: Chip maker Marvell Technology disclosed much stronger sales than analysts expected and gave a surprising forecast for the current quarter. Its stock gained $1.36, or 10.2 percent, to $14.72. METALS: Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. OVERSEAS: France's CAC 40 fell 0.5 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 percent. The German DAX lost 0.2 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 percent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Register/Subscribe Subscriber Services T&G E-Edition Worcester Living E-Edition NIE Business Matters Coupon Values FAQ Photo reprints (non-commercial use) Commercial photo licenses Advertising Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing - Digital Marketplace Media Kit Place an Ad Jobs Real Estate Pets Legal Notices News Contact Us Letters to the Editor Submit a Press Release Events Copyright/Terms of Use Marketing About Us Visions Contact Us The Item The Banner Reprints & Licensing Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. telegram.com ~ 100 Front St., Floor 5, Worcester MA 01608 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Worcester Police & Fire Courts Government Education New England Nation & World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Region North South/West East/Valley Columnists Local Photos Local Video Sports Hometeam Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Columnists Auto Racing Opinion Editorials Columnists As I See It Letters Cartoons Blogs Living Things to do Movie showtimes Entertainment Food Lifestyle Columnists Calendar Business Local Business Business Matters Business People Markets Columnists Obituaries Submit Obituary Obituary FAQ More Photos Videos TV Listings Movies Then & Now Worcester Worcester Living Hometeam Traffic Lottery The Item The Banner Services Merchants Dining Contests Branded Content Celebrations Classifieds Propel A Legendary Evening Event Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber Services Register/Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WBRC FOX6 News LIVE & REPLAY Delays and Closings Live Video & Events Call for Action Seen on TV Absolutely Alabama Traffic Tracker WBRC Road Warrior Gas Prices Contests Mickey's Weather Kids Editorials Recipes Finding Forever Families News Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Delays and Closings WBRC Weather App Sign Up for Weather Alerts Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Holidays Pets Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV WBRC FOX6 News LIVE & REPLAY Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2015 EEOC Public File Report WBRC Spot Specs Sheet Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on 2016-11-18T21:50:08Z2016-11-18T21:50:08Z (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan). FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmar... By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. "Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France's CAC 40 fell 0.5 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 percent. The German DAX lost 0.2 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 percent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended Posted: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:01 PM EST2016-11-20 17:01:25 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:01 PM EST2016-11-20 17:01:25 GMT President-elect Donald Trump, in the midst of choosing his Cabinet, took time out Sunday for a second day to criticize the cast of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" and demand an apology for a message an actor...More >> President-elect Donald Trump, in the midst of choosing his Cabinet, took time out Sunday for a second day to criticize the cast of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" and demand an apology for a message an actor delivered from...More >> 2 teens charged with death of Chicago congressman's grandson 2 teens charged with death of Chicago congressman's grandson Posted: Sunday, November 20 2016 10:51 AM EST2016-11-20 15:51:18 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 10:51 AM EST2016-11-20 15:51:19 GMT Police earlier said the shooting stemmed from a dispute over basketball shoes. More >> Two teenagers were charged with first-degree murder Sunday in the fatal shooting of an Illinois congressman's grandson following an argument over a pair of basketball shoes.More >> Rhodes scholars for Class of 2017 announced Rhodes scholars for Class of 2017 announced The Rhodes Trust has named the 32 American men and women chosen as Rhodes Scholars who will pursue post-graduate studies at Oxford University.More >> The Rhodes Trust has named the 32 American men and women chosen as Rhodes Scholars who will pursue post-graduate studies at Oxford University.More >> The Latest: Obama reporters separated from motorcade The Latest: Obama reporters separated from motorcade Posted: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:00 AM EST2016-11-20 05:00:57 GMT Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 12:00 AM EST2016-11-20 05:00:59 GMT The Latest on President Barack Obama's final official foreign trip (all times local):More >> The Latest on President Barack Obama's final official foreign trip (all times local):More >> 2 juveniles held in fatal shooting of congressman's grandson 2 juveniles held in fatal shooting of congressman's grandson Posted: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:00 PM EST2016-11-20 04:00:50 GMT Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 11:00 PM EST2016-11-20 04:00:50 GMT The grandson of Illinois U.S. Rep. Danny Davis was fatally shot during in a home invasion in Chicago, the Democratic congressman and police said.More >> Two juveniles are in custody and could be charged in the fatal shooting of an Illinois congressman's grandson following a dispute over a pair of basketball shoes, a Chicago police spokeswoman said on Saturday.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press November 18, 2016 - 2:33pm NEW YORK — Major U.S. stock indexes are slightly lower Friday as investors take a pause following a steady climb since last week's presidential election. Drugmakers and other health care companies are taking the largest losses. Small-company stocks are at record highs and still rising. Bond yields are rising further and the dollar also continues to climb. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average slid 18 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 18,886 as of 3:23 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,183. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high, but turned lower and gave up 8 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,325. Despite those losses, stocks are substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. SMALL CAPS GO BIG: Small-company stocks continued to gain and the Russell 2000 index bucked the overall downward trend in the market. That index has risen for 11 days in a row, a streak that dates to before the election. It's up 13 per cent over that time and is trading at all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.85, or 7.3 per cent, to $100.05 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 80 cents, or 16.1 per cent, to $5.80. THE QUOTE: "Some of the proposals that Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. QUEASY FEELING: Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $6.53, or 3.3 per cent, to $193.45 and biotech giant Amgen fell $1.80, or 1.2 per cent, to $145.57. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 97 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $74.61. HOME GOODS GO BAD: Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up 87 cents, or 1.1 per cent, to $82.20 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 65 cents to $83.33. RETAIL: Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch fell $2.44, or 14.4 per cent, to $14.49 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.03, or 16.4 per cent, to $25.68. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $6.25, or 13.8 per cent, to $39.05. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.50, or 3.8 per cent, to $68.03 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. DOLLAR SEEING GREEN: The dollar continued to climb. It's around annual highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. BONDS: Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies made the biggest gains on the market. Chevron rose $1.31, or 1.2 per cent, to $109.43 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.25, or 2.9 per cent, to $44.86. OUT IN FORCE: Customer management software maker Salesforce.com jumped after a solid quarterly report and strong guidance. Its stock picked up $2.44, or 3.2 per cent, to $77.63. A MARVEL: Chipmaker Marvell Technology disclosed much stronger sales than analysts expected and gave a surprising forecast for the current quarter. Its stock gained $1.36, or 10.2 per cent, to $14.72. METALS: Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 per cent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. OVERSEAS: France's CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Marley Jay, The Associated Press ©2016 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm MainStreet 1:00pm 4:00pm Saskatoon Afternoon 4:00pm 6:00pm The Green Zone 6:00pm 7:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Nov 18 Road Work for Friday Nov 17 Road Work For Thursday Nov 16 Road Work For Wednesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy Adopt a Family
null
null
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships Paywall Login Login to Comment Register November 20th, 2016 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down Business Related Apps of the Week Poll Have you started Christmas shopping yet? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on November 18, 2016. 00000 NEW YORK – U.S. stocks are slipping Friday as investors take a pause following some huge moves since last week’s presidential election. Drugmakers and other health care companies are taking the largest losses. Retailers Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch are dropping after they gave weak quarterly reports, while discount retailer Ross Stores is climbing. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average slid 37 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867 as of 12:25 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high, but turned lower and gave up 13 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321. The losses weren’t large, but they represented the biggest decline for stocks since Nov. 3. At that time, the market was enduring a nine-day slide. QUEASY FEELING: Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $3.92, or 2 per cent, to $196.07 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.30, or 1.6 per cent, to $145.06. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed $1.29, or 1.7 per cent, to $74.29 and Merck lost 73 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $61.97. HOME GOODS GO BAD: Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.04, or 1.3 per cent, to $82.03 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 98 cents, or 1.2 per cent, to $83.01. Those companies tend to pay hefty dividends, and those are less appealing to investors in times of higher inflation. FUN IN THE SUN: Investors approved the combination of electric car maker Tesla Motors and solar power company SolarCity. The deal, first proposed by Tesla CEO Elon Musk in June, has gotten a chilly reception on Wall Street. Analysts wondered why Tesla would want to take on SolarCity while it’s building a big battery factory in Nevada and also preparing to launch its first mass-market car, the Model 3, due out at the end of 2017. Shares of both companies dropped in the ensuing months. Tesla slumped $1.55 to $187.11 and SolarCity rose 19 cents to $20.59. RETAIL: Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch fell $2.42, or 14.3 per cent, to $14.51 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $4.93, or 16.1 per cent, to $25.78. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $5.40, or 11.9 per cent, to $39.90. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.89, or 4.4 per cent, to $68.42 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. DOLLAR SEEING GREEN: Already at its highest mark since early 2003, the dollar continued to climb. It’s around annual highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.51 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0592 from $1.0626. BONDS: Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.33 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. OUT IN FORCE: Customer management software maker Salesforce.com jumped after a solid quarterly report and strong guidance. Its stock picked up $2.49, or 3.3 per cent, to $77.68. A MARVEL: Chipmaker Marvell Technology disclosed much stronger sales than analysts expected and gave a surprising forecast for the current quarter. Its stock gained $1.19, or 8.9 per cent, to $14.55. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude gave up 30 cents at $45.12 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, slid 25 cents to $46.24 a barrel in London. OVERSEAS: France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2016 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Stocks close lower but post gains for the week CNBC 1 day ago Evelyn Cheng and Fred Imbert Click to expand Replay Video New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Embattled bank Wells Fargo announced this week that new account openings fell by 44 percent in the month October and new credit card applications have fallen by over 50 percent. New figures released show that foot traffic to branches is also down, with "branch banker interactions" down 22 percent from 2015. The figures come in the wake of a sales practice scandal that triggered multiple lawsuits, an enormous $185 million fine and the resignation of the company's longtime CEO John Stumpf. Wochit Business Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric Amazon's latest commercial targets anti-Muslim rhetoric by highlighting commonalities between a priest and an imam. CNN Money 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 The house that inspired the 1979 horror film “The Amityville Horror” has reportedly been sold after a listing of $850,00. The 5,000 square-foot home, which was built in 1927, boasts five bedrooms, three-and-a-half bathrooms, a boathouse and a slip and supposedly, plenty of demons. According to real estate site Redfin, the seller bought the property back in 2010 for $950,000, way below the asking price $1.15 million. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Closing Bell Exchange: Trump's impact on the market CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Wochit Business0:51 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money1:03 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 Wochit News0:45 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 5 tips to help you save this holiday season Entrepreneur2:46 Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 UP NEXT Stocks closed lower Friday, led by health care, as investors digested Federal Reserve officials' remarks on monetary policy and falling oil prices. Quotes in the article Foot Locker Inc FL ▲ 71.78 +0.43 +0.60% Abercrombie & Fitch Co ANF ▼ 14.60 -2.33 -13.76% The Dow shed 35 points, with UnitedHealth Group contributing the most losses. The Nasdaq fell 0.23 percent after hitting an intraday record of 5,346.8 earlier in the session. The S&P 500 slipped 0.24 percent, with health care falling around 1 percent to lead decliners.  U.S. crude oil futures fell 0.59 percent to settle at $45.69 a barrel after Baker Hughes said U.S. oil rigs increased by 19 to 471.  Entering Friday's session, the Dow, S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite were all within half a percent of their previous all-time highs. The Dow had reached a record intraday high of 18,934.05 on Monday — on the back of a sharp post-election rally — while the S&P last set a record high of 2,193.81 on Aug. 15. All three indexes posted weekly gains, with the Nasdaq outperforming, up more than 1.7 percent. The small-cap Russell 2000 registered its longest win streak since a 12-session advance that lasted from May 20 to June 5, 2003.  Several Fed officials spoke Friday, including Kansas City Fed President Esther George. In a speech, she said the U.S. economy would benefit from the Federal Reserve raising rates sooner rather than later. Earlier, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said he is leaning towards supporting a rate hike next month and argued on Friday that the real question now is the Fed's rate path in 2017. Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Markets, told CNBC in an email that Bullard also said "inflation needs to be above their target to speed hikes. Basically, what he is saying is that the future path of rate hike may not be that steep." Dallas Fed Bank President Robert Kaplan on Friday reiterated that he thinks it is nearly time for the U.S. central bank to raise interest rates. "I think, and I've been saying, we're at the point where we're ready to remove some accommodation in the near future," Kaplan said in a television interview with Fox Business Network. "I still feel that way heading into December." Bullard's and Kaplan's remarks followed Fed Chair Janet Yellen's testimony in Congress on Thursday, which all but assured the central bank would raise interest rates next month. According to the CME Group's FedWatch tool, market expectations for a rate hike in December were above 90 percent Friday morning. "Nothing in Janet Yellen's testimony to Congress on Thursday suggests anything different. Hence, monetary policy for the short term remains extremely transparent to source a stiff tailwind at the back of stocks. The looming specter of the central bank tightening next month should not disturb a Santa Claus rally that has already commenced," said Jeremy Klein, chief market strategist at FBN Securities, said in a note. Yellen's hawkish remarks sent the dollar index to its highest level in nearly 14 years, while U.S. Treasury yields held near recent highs. The U.S. dollar index traded higher on Friday, above 101. The euro was near $1.06 and the yen at 110.7 yen versus the greenback. The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury yield was up near 2.34 percent, and the 2-year yield was around 1.05 percent.  Overseas, the Chinese yuan hit a fresh eight-year low. The Nikkei 225 closed about 0.6 percent higher, while the Shanghai composite closed about half a percent lower. The Hang Seng climbed more than a third of a percent. In Europe, the German DAX traded slightly lower while the Stoxx Europe 600 fell 0.36 percent. Decliners were a step ahead of advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 510 million and a composite volume of 2.345 billion in afternoon ET. The CBOE Volatility index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded slightly lower, near 13.2. Gold futures for December delivery fell $8.20 to settle at $1,208.70 per ounce. Go to MSN Home More in Markets Dollar's strong rally adds a new set of economic risks The Wall Street Journal. Can Trump make coal great again? Some companies think so Reuters OPEC moves closer to oil output deal as Iran gets new offer Reuters Will Santa Claus save the market's Trump rally? MarketWatch Yellen sends a message to Trump: Hands off Dodd-Frank Fiscal Times Trump's defense spending could spur private-sector job creation CNBC Up Next Obama blocks new oil, gas drilling in Arctic Ocean Associated Press AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Dr. A. Truman Schwartz Honored by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Higher Education     SAINT PAUL, MN, November 18, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ — A. Truman Schwartz, Ph.D., has been included in Marquis Who’s Who. As in all Marquis Who’s Who biographical volumes, individuals profiled are selected on the basis of current reference value. Factors such as position, noteworthy accomplishments, visibility, and prominence in a field are all taken into account during the selection process. Passionate about education and expert in the areas of science and chemistry, Dr. Schwartz has been teaching at the higher education level for the last five decades. He joined the faculty of Macalester College in St. Paul, Minn. in 1966 after working in the field of research chemistry for Procter & Gamble. Over the course of the next several decades, Dr. Schwartz advanced from assistant professor to DeWitt Wallace professor. He was selected dean of faculty and spent two terms as the chair of the chemistry department from 1980 to 1988 and from 1994 to 1995. Following his retirement in 2004, Dr. Schwartz offered his expertise as a member of the Dean’s Council of the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of South Dakota. Over the course of his career, Dr. Schwartz assumed additional opportunities in science and education that contributed to his expertise in these fields. He was a visiting researcher at the University of Lund in Sweden and the University of Massachusetts, and visiting professor at the University of Wisconsin, the University of South Dakota and the University of York. He was also the deputy director of teacher preparation and enhancement for the National Science Foundation and authored or co-authored works, including “Chemistry: Imagination and Implication,” “Chemistry in Context: Applying Chemistry to Society,” “And Gladly Teach: A Resource Book for Chemists Considering Academic Careers,” and “Motion Toward Perfection: The Achievement of Joseph Priestly.” In recognition of professional excellence, Dr. Schwartz was the recipient of the George C. Pimentel Award in Chemical Education and a Catalyst Award in Chemical Education by the Chemical Manufacturers Association and was named College Science Teacher of the Year by the Minnesota Science Teachers Association. Dr. Schwartz was selected for inclusion in Who’s Who in America, Who’s Who in American Education, Who’s Who in Science and Engineering, Who’s Who in the Midwest, and Who’s Who in the World. To prepare for his career, Dr. Schwartz earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of South Dakota. Thereafter, he attended Oxford University in England as a Rhodes Scholar and achieved a second bachelor’s degree and a Master of Arts. In 1963, he earned a Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology followed by an honorary doctorate of science from the University of South Dakota in 1990. Dr. Schwartz is a fellow of both the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Chemical Society. For the American Chemical Society, he served as chair of the division of chemical education in 1989, the chair of the Minnesota section in 1993, and member of various other committees within the organization. About Marquis Who’s Who : Since 1899, when A. N. Marquis printed the First Edition of Who’s Who in America , Marquis Who’s Who has chronicled the lives of the most accomplished individuals and innovators from every significant field of endeavor, including politics, business, medicine, law, education, art, religion and entertainment. Today, Who’s Who in America remains an essential biographical source for thousands of researchers, journalists, librarians and executive search firms around the world. Marquis now publishes many Who’s Who titles, including Who’s Who in America , Who’s Who in the World , Who’s Who in American Law , Who’s Who in Medicine and Healthcare , Who’s Who in Science and Engineering , and Who’s Who in Asia . Marquis publications may be visited at the official Marquis Who’s Who website at www.marquiswhoswho.com. Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: AAM Ranked No. 1 HOA Management Firm in Arizona Next Next post: Teresas Auto Transport Specializes in Shipping Heavy Equipment, Machinery and Large Transfer Trucks Throughout Southern California Including Los Angeles, Bakersfield and San Diego Search for: Search Recent Posts LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News Releases 2013 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for November 18, 2016 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Dr. A. Truman Schwartz Honored by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Higher Education An expert in the areas of science and chemistry, Dr. Schwartz has been teaching at the higher education level for the last five decades     SAINT PAUL, MN, November 18, 2016 /24-7PressRelease/ -- A. Truman Schwartz, Ph.D., has been included in Marquis Who's Who. As in all Marquis Who's Who biographical volumes, individuals profiled are selected on the basis of current reference value. Factors such as position, noteworthy accomplishments, visibility, and prominence in a field are all taken into account during the selection process. Passionate about education and expert in the areas of science and chemistry, Dr. Schwartz has been teaching at the higher education level for the last five decades. He joined the faculty of Macalester College in St. Paul, Minn. in 1966 after working in the field of research chemistry for Procter & Gamble. Over the course of the next several decades, Dr. Schwartz advanced from assistant professor to DeWitt Wallace professor. He was selected dean of faculty and spent two terms as the chair of the chemistry department from 1980 to 1988 and from 1994 to 1995. Following his retirement in 2004, Dr. Schwartz offered his expertise as a member of the Dean's Council of the College of Arts and Sciences at the University of South Dakota. Over the course of his career, Dr. Schwartz assumed additional opportunities in science and education that contributed to his expertise in these fields. He was a visiting researcher at the University of Lund in Sweden and the University of Massachusetts, and visiting professor at the University of Wisconsin, the University of South Dakota and the University of York. He was also the deputy director of teacher preparation and enhancement for the National Science Foundation and authored or co-authored works, including "Chemistry: Imagination and Implication," "Chemistry in Context: Applying Chemistry to Society," "And Gladly Teach: A Resource Book for Chemists Considering Academic Careers," and "Motion Toward Perfection: The Achievement of Joseph Priestly." In recognition of professional excellence, Dr. Schwartz was the recipient of the George C. Pimentel Award in Chemical Education and a Catalyst Award in Chemical Education by the Chemical Manufacturers Association and was named College Science Teacher of the Year by the Minnesota Science Teachers Association. Dr. Schwartz was selected for inclusion in Who's Who in America, Who's Who in American Education, Who's Who in Science and Engineering, Who's Who in the Midwest, and Who's Who in the World. To prepare for his career, Dr. Schwartz earned a Bachelor of Arts from the University of South Dakota. Thereafter, he attended Oxford University in England as a Rhodes Scholar and achieved a second bachelor's degree and a Master of Arts. In 1963, he earned a Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology followed by an honorary doctorate of science from the University of South Dakota in 1990. Dr. Schwartz is a fellow of both the American Association for the Advancement of Science and the American Chemical Society. For the American Chemical Society, he served as chair of the division of chemical education in 1989, the chair of the Minnesota section in 1993, and member of various other committees within the organization. About Marquis Who's Who : Since 1899, when A. N. Marquis printed the First Edition of Who's Who in America , Marquis Who's Who has chronicled the lives of the most accomplished individuals and innovators from every significant field of endeavor, including politics, business, medicine, law, education, art, religion and entertainment. Today, Who's Who in America remains an essential biographical source for thousands of researchers, journalists, librarians and executive search firms around the world. Marquis now publishes many Who's Who titles, including Who's Who in America , Who's Who in the World , Who's Who in American Law , Who's Who in Medicine and Healthcare , Who's Who in Science and Engineering , and Who's Who in Asia . Marquis publications may be visited at the official Marquis Who's Who website at www.marquiswhoswho.com. # # # Read more Press Releases from Fred Marks: Elizabeth Skoglund Honored by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Family Therapy and Writing Dr. Thomas Wadden Recognized by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Psychology Arline LaMear Recognized by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in School Library Media Services Allyn Washington Honored for Excellence in Mathematics Education Dr. William Speir Honored by Marquis Who's Who for Excellence in Medicine Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Fred Marks Marquis Who's Who Ventures LLC New Providence, NJ USA Voice: 844-394-6946 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2016 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ט חשון תשע"ז   |   Sunday, November 20, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline Saturday, November 19, 2016 at 5:27 pm | י"ח חשון תשע"ז (AP Photo/Jin Lee, File) NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq’s biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc. and drug firms including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P energy sector was the second-best performer with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the U.S. election, boosted by the prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Gap fell 16.6 percent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 percent. Both retailers warned of a challenging end-of-year quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and four new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. Filed under: Markets, Wall Street Print Email Gmail Related Asian Stocks Mixed After Wall Street Decline Asian Markets Lower After Wall Street Decline Energy, Mining Stocks Lead A Decline on Wall Street  Wall Street Falls as Energy Lags; Stocks Post Gains on Week Wall Street Pulls Off a Rare Four-Day Winning Streak Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Why the New Car Model Year Is Ahead of Time Dupont Freezes Payments to Pension Plan for 13,000 Employees U.K. Treasury Chief: Brexit Uncertainty Could Drag on Economy U.S. Stocks Slip as Health Care and Technology Take Losses Volkswagen to Shed 30,000 Jobs, Cutting Costs After Scandal OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 41°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,321.51 -12.46 (-0.23%) S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9443 GBP 0.8098 ILS 3.8851 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business BT boss: Openreach impasse is depriving economy of £6bn investment  Gavin Patterson, chief executive of BT Credit: Bloomberg Finance James Quinn 20 November 2016 • 10:52am Gavin Patterson rarely breaks into a sweat. As he turns away from the standing-height desk in his wood-panelled and glass-lined office on the ninth floor of BT’s sprawling headquarters on the edge of the City, he looks, as ever, relaxed. The two-part desk is covered in papers and documents, with pictures of his wife and family at one end. But it is on a powder-blue, three-piece leather sofa, angled in front of a giant television screen, in a corner of his inner sanctum, where he feels most at home.  Tieless, as usual, with just two shirt buttons undone rather than his once trademark three, Patterson could be forgiven for not being so laid back. In the past 12 months, the BT Group chief executive has come under fire from all corners of the business firmament for the telecoms giant’s ownership of its Openreach network business.  Did you know? | BT in numbers In January, a group of 121 MPs put their name to a report entitled “Broadbad”, which alleged some 5.7m Britons could not access the internet. The report was so damning that it sparked this newspaper to launch its “Better Broadband” campaign to lobby for better coverage in rural areas, a campaign which was backed by hundreds of local councils. At the same time, BT’s rivals have made a concerted effort to highlight what they perceive to be Openreach’s weaknesses, criticising service times and delivery of broadband in difficult-to-reach locations. All this has happened as Ofcom, the communications regulator, has been undertaking its decennial review into the communications realm, front and centre of which was the ownership of Openreach and whether or not it should remain part of BT.  Better Broadband At the end of what he admits has been a “turbulent and dynamic” year, Patterson still doesn’t know what the final outcome will be. BT has suggested ring-fencing the business, creating a separate board with an independent chairman, and a series of new processes around budgets and how they are set and allocated. The idea is to put Openreach at arm’s length, and to ensure that it services rivals, such as Sky and TalkTalk, just as much as it does BT.  Ofcom’s Sharon White, Patterson’s nemesis in the negotiations, has to date stopped short of calling for full separation, but she wants BT to go further, by forcing Openreach’s boss to report to BT’s board, not to Patterson, and to transfer tens of thousands of employees, along with assets and pension risk, to the new entity.  If the two sides cannot reach a deal, White could take BT to Brussels, and leave it to European regulators to force a new structure on the company.  Gavin Patterson, chief executive officer of BT Group Credit: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg  For Patterson, a drawn-out legal spat would not be a good outcome. “I think it would be very disappointing for everybody… I’m determined to do everything I can to avoid that.  “However, there are red lines that we can’t go beyond.” Although he doesn’t detail them, he is pointing to the issue of reporting lines and the transfer of staff and assets.  “The case in Europe is a difficult one to make, we think, and it is a point of escalation. I really hope it doesn’t come to that, because it will mean we get caught up in legal battles and that will divert everyone’s attention from getting on with improving service, investing in the future, and improving speeds.” Negotiations are understood to have been ongoing as recently as last week, and there are some in the process who hope it might be resolved in time for the Autumn Statement on Wednesday.  At a time when the economy needs everything behind it, to ensure that we’re able to ride out the uncertainty that exists in the Brexit world, we’re sitting here ready to invest £6bn over the next three years and it’s better that we get on and do that.Gavin Patterson But if that is the case, Patterson is either a very good bluffer, or he truly doesn’t know. “It’s not really within my control. I’d be very cautious in suggesting I set the process.” He may not be in charge of the timetable, but his argument as to why an agreement should be made sooner rather than later is well constructed, and designed to pull on the heartstrings of a Government whose overriding desire is to make the most of the Brexit vote.  “At a time when the economy needs everything behind it, to ensure that we’re able to ride out the uncertainty that exists in the Brexit world, we’re sitting here ready to invest £6bn over the next three years and it’s better that we get on and do that. “There aren’t many companies that are prepared to bet on the UK to that extent,” says Patterson, keenly aware of the power of his pitch.  BT Broardband “The uncertainty is not good for BT. It’s not really good for the country as a whole. And the investment… investors really do need this certainty to be able to make some of these investments and we need to keep that in mind.” Central to the negotiations is BT’s pension fund and its £9.9bn deficit, which Patterson admits is a “big issue”. “Low bond yields mean that the pension deficit is going up naturally, but in a way that’s still manageable.” Of more concern, he says, is the threat to the pension fund if Openreach is fully hived off. The fund is protected by a Crown Guarantee, stemming from BT’s 1983 privatisation, which protects pensioners in the event of the company going bust.  Patterson insists it is an arrangement that needs to be maintained. “That again is something the Government can work through and help us with, but we do need to recognise that it is an issue.” Couldn’t the Crown Guarantee simply be replicated for a separate Openreach? “The Government can do that by primary legislation… but in terms of structuring something that had the ultimate guarantee behind, that would be extraordinarily expensive.” Even if he is successful, doesn’t he feel that, given the drubbing Openreach has taken, that it will be time for a rebrand? He says not. “If I look at brand tracking, Openreach is a stronger brand than many of the other brands in the market. “It’s trusted to go into people’s homes – which is a big deal – and some of the criticism that has been thrown at it ultimately is not recognised by a lot of the people who use its services.” But he does admit the whole process has been a wake-up call when it comes to how Openreach tackles its public image: “It needs to be more transparent, it needs to communicate more with the outside world and needs to have more of its own identity.” As a marketing man – Patterson’s first big job was European head of marketing at Procter & Gamble, before joining Telewest in 2000 and then BT in 2004 to run its consumer division – Patterson is only too aware of the importance of positioning.  And that goes for BT – where he has overseen a major push into convergence with the successful launch of BT Sport and the £12.5bn acquisition of EE – as much as it does for the business community as a whole. As the head of the UK’s 16th biggest company by market capitalisation, he is a figurehead for the whole industry, and is keen to ensure that business is better understood by the community it serves.  “Clearly there is a disconnect between how business sees itself and the role it’s playing in society with how society reflects that back. You can see that to some extent… it’s got to be one of the take-outs from the Brexit vote here. And the election in the US would seem to indicate the same sort of thing – we all need to reflect on that.” Patterson feels that business as a whole needs to “reset” the relationship with the population, and that it is up to Government and business to do that together.  Clearly there is a disconnect between how business sees itself and the role it’s playing in society with how society reflects that back. You can see that to some extent… it’s got to be one of the take-outs from the Brexit vote hereGavin Patterson “In terms of navigating through these next few years, it is very clear that we need to work together because the economy’s going to have to pivot to some extent away from Europe. “We need to work in partnership to ensure we still attract investment, we still create high-value jobs here in the UK and we don’t become isolated.” While he feels there is a need for a discussion on how business is perceived – a favourite topic of Theresa May – he is less complimentary about the Prime Minister’s proposals to put customers on boards. “It would be very difficult to have customers on boards because, ultimately, I would struggle to see that isn’t a conflict of interest, fundamentally.  “A business that isn’t serving its customers over the long term won’t be in business – it’s only a matter of time.” Closer to home, BT’s shares have had a mini rollercoaster ride over the past 10 days, hitting a three-year low at one stage before rebounding, after comments from its 12pc shareholder Deutsche Telekom (DT) on whether it is committed to its investment, which came about through the EE deal.  BT Group Patterson brushes off the concern. “They came back all the way, thanks,” he says about the share price fall, the only time during our conversation that he gets close to being rattled. While he won’t comment on what the German firm’s intentions are – it can begin selling its BT shares from summer 2017 – he doesn’t do anything to dampen industry speculation that the two national telecoms giants will one day unite.  “Brexit has made life complex but doesn’t change the ultimate thesis. For example, they own 67pc of T-Mobile in the US, and that’s not part of the single market. I know they find the [Ofcom] Digital Communications Review troubling if we can’t find a negotiated voluntary arrangement.  “On a day-to-day basis, relationship between the two firms is very good. We spend a good amount of time with each other, trying to learn from each other’s businesses.” But hasn’t the election of Donald Trump to the US presidency put paid to big deals involving US assets, given his comments on the pending mega-merger between AT&T and Time Warner?  Patterson shrugs, and says it’s too early to tell. “We just don’t know how much of his campaign rhetoric will really turn into policy.” What he is certain of, however, is that the year drawing to a close has not played out as he expected.  “It’s a year where you sort of look back on it and think, ‘I didn’t predict all these things’. “I think we’ve managed to steer the business through it, but looking into 2017 and beyond, getting some stability back into the markets, being able to make the sort of investments we want to make – I think that’s where we’d like to get to.  “The underlying business is very good but, ultimately, to move to this next stage we want to invest, and that’s about making some decisions now on what the UK’s digitial future needs to look like.” For the moment, though, Patterson must wait to find out when and what that decision is – but as he does so, he’s unlikely to lose his trademark cool.  Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: BT Brexit BT Sport Better broadband Show more Business latest 20 Nov 2016, 5:44pm Dividend worries hit troubled Mitie 20 Nov 2016, 5:42pm OPEC oil cut nears as battered Saudis bow to indomitable US shale  Premium 20 Nov 2016, 5:30pm Uranium: the unloved metal whose price is poised to go radioactive  01:21 20 Nov 2016, 5:18pm When is Black Friday 2016 and what are the best deals? 20 Nov 2016, 3:26pm British Wool: a thriving industry, thanks to running the last marketing board in the country 20 Nov 2016, 1:47pm TSB joins bidders for £16bn Bradford & Bingley loans 20 Nov 2016, 1:02pm China will not shut the door on globalisation, president Xi Jinping vows 00:28 20 Nov 2016, 11:05am Britain has an 'eye-wateringly large debt' and economy faces 'sharp challenge', Philip Hammond warns 20 Nov 2016, 6:00am Autumn Statement: what to expect from Chancellor Philip Hammond Premium 20 Nov 2016, 6:00am Paper cuts: inside regional papers' battle to survive 20 Nov 2016, 12:01am CBI calls for partnership with government after bruising EU campaign 19 Nov 2016, 8:10pm Tesco Towers: supermarket enters the fray with a radical new solution to the housing crisis 19 Nov 2016, 8:05pm Autumn Statement: fiscal watchdog to downgrade growth as Hammond announces infrastructure drive 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Football clubs 'vulnerable' after relying on TV rights 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Comment: The City gears up for the blockbuster $2 trillion listing of Saudi Aramco Ben Marlow Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Trump casts a shadow over BAT's $47bn bid for Reynolds 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Industry bodies slam new business rates appeals system which could cost small firms £700m 19 Nov 2016, 7:45pm Powa payments under scrutiny 19 Nov 2016, 7:36pm Shell case may launch wave of lawsuits 19 Nov 2016, 7:30pm Fears over 'dotcom' status of Rolls-Royce as crisis looms 19 Nov 2016, 7:15pm Vectura's inhalers to win out from changes to respiratory guidance If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Nov 20, 2016 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Wall Street slips as investors cash in BREATHER:While all three major indices on Wall Street closed higher for a second week, the rally lost steam as investors awaited more information to support their bets Reuters, NEW YORK Traders James Dresch, left, and Gregory Rowe work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. Photo: AP US stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Republican candidate Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election on Nov. 8. While the three major indices closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric, because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average on Friday fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93, while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.90. The NASDAQ Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5,346.8. For the week, the Dow is up 0.1 percent from last week’s 18,847.66; the S&P is 0.8 higher from last week’s 2,164.45; and the NASDAQ is up 1.6 percent from last week’s 5,237.10. The NASDAQ’s biggest drags came from technology companies, such as Alphabet Inc, and drug firms, including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower on Friday. Losses in shares of Allergan PLC and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift, but was still 1.8 percent higher than on Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the index’s stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second-best performer, with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting they might be expecting a demand boost. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard on Friday said he was leaning toward supporting an increase next month and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path next year. Kansas City Fed President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on NASDAQ, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the NASDAQ Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. This story has been viewed 1298 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-14 to 2016-11-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Sunday November 20 2016 3:50 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower November 19, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. “Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones,” said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That’s not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn’t fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It’s near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn’t been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that’s affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it’s less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 percent. The German DAX lost 0.2 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 percent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. ———— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, companies, cents, company, stocks, continued, Other stories from today: Dakota Access oil pipeline developer: No rerouting Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   If you are traveling for Thanksgiving, when is the best time to go? This weekend to beat the rush Monday Hopefully it won't be too bad Wednesday Thursday morning My family is coming to me                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County garage sales  
null
Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline By Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Buy VA Tech Wabag; target of Rs 781: SPA Financial - Mahagams to save Rs 2,000 cr on ash transportation, provide News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Nov 19, 2016, 11.43 AM | Source: Reuters Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. Post Your Comments Share Cancel US stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. "I see the market kind of churning here because it's had a very decent move," said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. "Trump's policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted." The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq's biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc and drug firms including Amgen. Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday's drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second best performer with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector .SPSY ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen's Thursday statement that the rate hike could come "relatively soon." Gap fell 16.6 percent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 percent. Both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands US exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street Dow Jones S&P500 Nasdaq US Market Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Watch: Funancial Quest's Kolkata Finals Check out: How demonetisation impacts various sectors Get Rich: Investment lessons for young & new investors Indian ADR ends lower; Infosys, HDFC Bank, Tata Motors fall India Cements Q2 net jumps 62% at Rs 62.41 crore Farmer bodies' pre-Budget consultation with FinMin kicks off Demonetisation a bold and gutsy move: USIBC ATMs with no cash continue to trouble customers Farmer bodies want govt to allow old notes for agri input buy See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
null
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  21 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   AAMRATECH 26.60   0.90 3.50%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 21.30   1.90 9.79%   ACI   -1.90   ACIFORMULA 161.00   5.00 3.21%   ACMELAB 101.50   -1.60 -1.55%   ACTIVEFINE 39.00   -0.10 -0.26%   AFCAGRO 45.80   0.40 0.88%   AFTABAUTO 55.60   -1.20 -2.11%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 95.30   0.40 0.42%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.70 7.61%   AMANFEED 69.70   -7.40 -9.60%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   -0.10 -0.02%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.60   0.40 0.20%   ANWARGALV 71.80   -0.70 -0.97%   APEXFOODS 143.20   4.00 2.87%   APEXFOOT 352.50   -7.10 -1.97%   APEXSPINN 120.40   1.10 0.92%   APEXTANRY 127.50   3.00 2.41%   ARAMIT 351.00   2.90 0.83%   ARAMITCEM 31.60   1.40 4.64%   ARGONDENIM 27.40   -0.80 -2.84%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.20 1.22%   ASIAPACINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 115.50   3.20 2.85%   AZIZPIPES 62.00   -2.80 -4.32%   BANGAS 134.00   12.10 9.93%   BANKASIA 18.30   0.60 3.39%   BARKAPOWER 27.80   -1.80 -6.08%   BATASHOE 1185.00   8.40 0.71%   BATBC   24.50   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.10 0.49%   BBS   -0.60   BDAUTOCA 64.70   2.60 4.19%   BDCOM   -1.60   BDFINANCE 10.40   0.20 1.96%   BDLAMPS 173.40   3.40 2.00%   BDTHAI 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   BDWELDING 8.90   -0.10 -1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   BENGALWTL 40.50   1.10 2.79%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -19.30 -0.81%   BEXIMCO 23.40   1.10 4.93%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.10   0.10 0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   15.50   BSCCL   1.90   BSRMLTD 141.40   -0.50 -0.35%   BSRMSTEEL 93.30   -1.20 -1.27%   BXPHARMA 82.00   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   CENTRALPHL 13.60   -0.30 -2.16%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 14.80   0.20 1.37%   CNATEX 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   CONTININS 16.80   0.10 0.60%   CVOPRL 193.70   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DBH   0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 98.90   -0.90 -0.90%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.20 2.38%   DESCO   -0.50   DESHBANDHU 8.50   0.10 1.19%   DHAKABANK 16.70   0.40 2.45%   DHAKAINS 21.60   1.10 5.37%   DOREENPWR 108.80   -5.20 -4.56%   DSHGARME 294.50   -57.60 -16.36%   DSSL   1.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.20   -0.80 -0.74%   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.60 -2.48%   EASTLAND 20.20   -0.40 -1.94%   EASTRNLUB 920.40   13.40 1.48%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 142.60   0.20 0.14%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 36.90   3.30 9.82%   ENVOYTEX 36.50   0.10 0.27%   ETL   0.50   EXIM1STMF 6.70   0.10 1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   FAMILYTEX 7.90   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 21.30   1.70 8.67%   FAREASTFIN 10.10   0.30 3.06%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.00 0.00%   FASFIN 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.20   0.10 0.99%   FEKDIL 22.70   0.40 1.79%   FINEFOODS 19.40   0.10 0.52%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.40 3.31%   FORTUNE 47.30   1.10 2.38%   FUWANGCER 13.80   -0.40 -2.82%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.20 1.60%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 779.80   -0.10 -0.01%   GENNEXT 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.90   GLAXOSMITH 1568.10   1.20 0.08%   GLOBALINS 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GOLDENSON 16.10   0.70 4.55%   GP   3.70   GQBALLPEN 71.30   1.80 2.59%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.40   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.50   0.20 0.99%   HAKKANIPUL 47.80   4.30 9.89%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   1.40 0.26%   HFL   0.60   HRTEX   -0.40   HWAWELLTEX 34.50   -1.00 -2.82%   IBBLPBOND 973.50   2.50 0.26%   IBNSINA 213.30   1.40 0.66%   ICB   -0.40   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.10 1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.10 2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.10   0.10 1.67%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 79.30   4.30 5.73%   IFIC   0.30   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.90   0.20 1.87%   INTECH 12.00   0.40 3.45%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 30.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   ISLAMIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   ITC   1.70   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   JAMUNAOIL 191.50   -1.40 -0.73%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.20 -1.59%   JMISMDL 154.10   -1.70 -1.09%   JUTESPINN 55.90   1.60 2.95%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   -0.30 -2.10%   KAY&QUE 26.60   -1.00 -3.62%   KDSALTD 68.90   3.40 5.19%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 459.00   26.80 6.20%   KPCL   1.00   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 75.00   0.70 0.94%   LANKABAFIN 27.60   0.60 2.22%   LEGACYFOOT 19.20   0.60 3.23%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   0.00 0.00%   LINDEBD 1345.00   8.50 0.64%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   MARICO 1215.00   -2.90 -0.24%   MATINSPINN 37.70   0.50 1.34%   MBL1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MEGHNACEM 93.50   1.00 1.08%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.30   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.10 0.70%   MERCINS 13.90   -0.10 -0.71%   MHSML   -0.40   MICEMENT 72.60   -1.70 -2.29%   MIDASFIN 23.50   0.40 1.73%   MIRACLEIND 41.30   3.60 9.55%   MITHUNKNIT 71.60   4.80 7.19%   MJLBD   0.20   MODERNDYE 187.00   2.40 1.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   1.60 4.40%   MONNOSTAF 587.90   1.30 0.22%   MPETROLEUM 180.90   -0.90 -0.50%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 177.80   4.10 2.36%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -0.60 -1.07%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   NFML   0.60   NHFIL   -2.80   NITOLINS 21.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 238.10   19.10 8.72%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 72.50   -12.60 -14.81%   NTC   45.00   NTLTUBES 132.80   6.30 4.98%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 308.00   1.70 0.56%   ONEBANKLTD 15.40   0.40 2.67%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -0.50 -0.84%   ORIONPHARM 40.60   0.40 1.00%   PADMALIFE 23.20   0.30 1.31%   PADMAOIL 187.80   1.50 0.81%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 25.60   1.50 6.22%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 249.90   4.20 1.71%   PHENIXINS 22.20   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   1.20 4.90%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.30   -0.30 -1.01%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.50   0.00 0.00%   POWERGRID 55.60   0.20 0.36%   PRAGATIINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 86.10   -1.70 -1.94%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.80   0.30 1.94%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   PRIMEINSUR 17.40   0.40 2.35%   PRIMELIFE 57.70   -0.10 -0.17%   PRIMETEX 22.80   0.50 2.24%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 14.40   -0.10 -0.69%   PTL   0.40   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 15.60   -0.60 -3.70%   QSMDRYCELL 100.00   0.00 0.00%   RAHIMAFOOD 93.30   8.40 9.89%   RAHIMTEXT 237.50   2.90 1.24%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   -0.80 -1.29%   RANFOUNDRY 103.80   1.20 1.17%   RDFOOD 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   REGENTTEX 12.80   -0.10 -0.78%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.00   -0.20 -0.43%   RENATA 1092.10   0.70 0.06%   RENWICKJA 591.10   1.90 0.32%   REPUBLIC 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   -1.00 -2.09%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   -0.40 -1.49%   RUPALIINS 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -1.10 -3.01%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   SAIFPOWER 48.10   -0.40 -0.82%   SAIHAMCOT 13.70   -1.10 -7.43%   SAIHAMTEX 13.80   -0.10 -0.72%   SALAMCRST 29.90   2.20 7.94%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 63.80   1.00 1.59%   SANDHANINS 29.70   -0.60 -1.98%   SAPORTL 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAVAREFR 48.00   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.90   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.60   -2.10 -3.40%   SHURWID 8.40   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.30 1.49%   SINGERBD 186.00   3.70 2.03%   SINOBANGLA 24.20   0.80 3.42%   SONALIANSH 199.80   6.50 3.36%   SONARBAINS 16.30   1.10 7.24%   SONARGAON 8.60   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.40   SQUARETEXT 65.90   0.60 0.92%   SQURPHARMA 246.10   -0.50 -0.20%   STANCERAM 53.40   1.40 2.69%   STANDARINS 17.70   0.20 1.14%   STANDBANKL 10.50   0.20 1.94%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -12.50 -0.78%   SUMITPOWER 34.50   0.00 0.00%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.00 0.00%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   0.20 2.44%   TITASGAS 46.10   -1.30 -2.74%   TOSRIFA 17.10   -0.40 -2.29%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.30   -0.20 -0.85%   TUNGHAI 10.90   0.20 1.87%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.10 2.22%   UNITEDFIN 21.40   0.90 4.39%   UNITEDINS 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   UPGDCL 142.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 91.00   -0.80 -0.87%   UTTARABANK 24.00   0.20 0.84%   UTTARAFIN 57.40   -0.90 -1.54%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 159.60   -2.20 -1.36%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   0.10 0.40%   YPL   -0.80   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.50   0.20 1.31%   ZEALBANGLA 16.50   0.50 3.13%   Latest News 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail Merkel to run for fourth term Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Dhaka will bid to hold PATA Travel Mart Industry owners meet BEZA chief Govt chalks out various projects for Ctg port development Tapping potential of outsourcing IT TIME - 12:05 am National Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Economy Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct World Merkel to run for fourth term Stock Key index crosses 4,700-mark PM assures 100pc safe water supply, sanitation TOP NEWS Gold prices fall, silver rise Bangladesh to import only cleaner gasoil from 2017 India crash deaths nearly 100 World leaders take aim at Trump's trade views 'Explain NHRC chair’s appointment' Russian ruble recovering again Bhutan allays BBIN concerns PEC, Ebtedayee examinations begin China pledges more on global trade 2 injured in 'gunfight' with police 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' November 20, 2016, 11:30 pm Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Sunday greeting members of the armed forces on the occasion of the Armed Forces Day-2016 to be observed on November 21 (Monday). In a message on the eve of the day, she said, the Awami League Read more Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail November 20, 2016, 11:09 pm Hours after the Supreme Court upheld a High Court order granting a six-month bail to him, Awami League MP Abdur Rahman Bodi was released from jail on Sunday night in a case filed for concealing information about his wealth. He walked Read more Economy Armenia sees record increase in exports Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said his country had doubled its exports, including those to countries of the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU), in an interview with Sputnik Armenia On Thursday, reports Xinhua. Sargsyan said it was unfortunate that Armenia's accession to the EEU coincided with the imposing of sanctions against Russia, the main economic driving force the economic bloc. This created hassles for the Armenian economy due to the fact of it being "tied in a thousand ways to the economy of Russia." President Sargsyan, however, insisted his country had made the right choice joining EEU. "We have become a member of a China's economic expansion benefits MENA region: Expert November 19, 2016, 9:09 pm IMF hails Norway's reforms November 19, 2016, 9:04 pm IMF approves $162m loan to Sri Lanka November 19, 2016, 6:39 pm Inclusive approaches needed to achieve SDGs by 2030 November 19, 2016, 7:41 pm France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc November 18, 2016, 8:58 pm Finance Income Tax Week begins Nov 24 The first-ever Income Tax Week will begin in the country on November 24. National Board of Revenue (NBR) will organise the income tax week for the first time to provide taxpayers with all tax related services including filing up of Overvalued taka stirs worries Chinese banks active in UAE to spur regional growth India bonds defy global rout Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Editorial Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Op-Ed Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Stock AB Bank tops DSE transaction chart for 2nd day AB Bank dominated the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) transaction chart on Sunday for the two consecutive session while Grameenphone (GP) Bourses see moderate rise for 4th consecutive session Bank tax hampers mobilisation of deposits RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks SEBI mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs Stocks begin week in green Revised CSE30 Index comes into effect today 15 win in DSE brokers polls European shares close lower National Sufia Kamal's death anniv observed The 17th death anniversary of legendary poet, political activist and torchbearer of women’s emancipation Sufia Kamal was observed across the country on Sunday. Different social and cultural organisations chalked out various programmes to observe the day. Sufia Kamal was also instrumental in naming the first women’s dormitory of Dhaka University as Rokeya Hall, after Begum Rokeya, who was her own inspiration. During Bangladesh’s Neo-JMB leader Sarwar's wife gives birth to son in prison PM expresses shock at deaths in Indian train crash HC wants to know initiatives to rescue ‘abducted’ doctor District council election on December 28 Govt for cut in transport fares Ivy collects nomination form Neo-JMB chief’s wife gives birth to baby boy Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday Trade and Market Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid on Sunday said that promoting renewable energy as business is “difficult” in Bangladesh due to resource constraints and land shortage. Despite that, he said, the government had set a target of obtaining 10 per cent of power from renewable sources by 2020. “You cannot compare us with Denmark or other developed countries. Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Industry owners meet BEZA chief Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul Poland still has scope to use rates to impact economy: Minister Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 US House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Greece approves permit for Eldorado's Skouries gold mine World Death toll rises to 120 In India rain crash Death toll rose to 120 (till last count) and more than 200 are injured in the rail crash on early French minister calls for renewed Syria talks Peace treaty with Russia coming into sight: Japan PM Death toll from India train crash passes 100 Sci-tech Grand finale of 'Blueprints 2.0' Tuesday The stage is set for the final round of ‘Blueprints 2.0’ – a financial modeling competition. The NSU Finance Club, the Zuckerberg to combat fake news on Facebook Facebook clears $6b stock buyback SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Education Fewer candidates taking PEC, Ebtedayee tests this yr The Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee examinations 2016 began on Sunday in different exam centres across the country and UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Sports Brothers earn win over Arambagh CHITTAGONG, Nov 20 (UNB): Brothers Union Club toppled Arambagh KS beating them by 2-1 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD to play Chinese Taipei in Asian Hockey today Progati Sangha share points with Youngmen's Club NZ pulverise Pakistan in 1st Test Health ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday urged the physicians to gain people’s confidence besides providing good medical service so that Zika emergency over: WHO Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Entertainment Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest The three-day Wedding and Portrait Photographers of Bangladesh (WPPB) Bridal Festival was held at Gulshan Shooting Club in Dhaka on Versatile talks, performances rule day 2 of DLF Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima Separate  Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Politics JP to skip district council polls: Ershad Jatiya Party chairman HM Ershad has said that his party will not take part in district councils polls scheduled for Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday BNP 'asks' Taimur to get ready for contesting NCC polls Quader urges AL followers to get united Country Authority cancels 60,356 cards, 13 dealerships in Rangpur div RANGPUR, Nov 20: A total of 60,356 cards and 13 dealerships have been cancelled so far owing to allegation of irregularities and embezzlement in distributing rice meant for selling at Tk 10 per kg to ultra-poor rural people in eight districts of Rangpur Division, divisional food office sources said. Cases have also been filed against six dealers. Fines of Tk 1,01,925 have been  collected, sources also said. Of the total, 7,519 cards of Rangpur district, 15,282 of Gaibandha, 5,643 of Kurigram, 2,494 ... Labour shortage disrupts T-Aman harvest in Bogra Chilli cultivators express dismay over market prices in Magura Speakers focus on raising crop intensity in Sylhet region PHOTO GALLERY Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee terminal examinations for fifth graders began today (Sunday) across the country. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina releases a commemorative stamp after inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of Chittagong University on its central playground through a videoconference from Ganabhbaban on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the inaugural ceremony of the 26th Annual Conference of Association of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons of Asia (ATCSA) at Hotel Radisson Blu in Dhaka on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo more news Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system November 20, 2016, 9:49 pm Industry owners meet BEZA chief November 20, 2016, 9:48 pm Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul November 20, 2016, 9:46 pm Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 November 20, 2016, 9:44 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 125 ISSUES DECLINED 92 Most popular India crash deaths nearly 100 November 20, 2016, 9:43 am Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct November 20, 2016, 4:43 pm Trump meets former rival Romney November 20, 2016, 9:51 am Three posing as DB men arrested November 20, 2016, 9:41 am Sufia Kamals death anniv today November 20, 2016, 9:37 am 'Explain NHRC chairs appointment' November 20, 2016, 2:37 pm Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG HAKKANIPUL 43.50 47.80 43.90 47.80 9.89 EMERALDOIL 33.60 36.90 34.00 36.90 9.82 MIRACLEIND 37.70 41.40 38.00 41.40 9.81 DSSL 11.30 12.40 11.70 12.40 9.74 ABBANK 19.40 21.30 19.50 21.20 9.28 NORTHERN 219.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 8.72 FARCHEM 19.60 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.67 SALAMCRST 27.70 30.00 27.60 29.80 7.58 MITHUNKNIT 66.80 71.90 67.50 71.70 7.34 NTC 601.00 646.00 606.30 642.10 6.84 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 19.50 21.30 19.50 21.30 9.23 MIRACLEIND 38.00 41.40 38.00 41.30 8.68 EMERALDOIL 34.00 36.90 34.00 36.90 8.53 DSHGARME 272.00 294.50 269.00 294.50 8.27 FARCHEM 19.70 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.12 SONARBAINS 15.10 16.30 15.10 16.30 7.95 HAKKANIPUL 44.40 47.80 43.90 47.80 7.66 SALAMCRST 27.80 30.00 27.60 29.90 7.55 IFADAUTOS 74.50 79.30 72.70 79.30 6.44 NORTHERN 224.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 6.30 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSHGARME 352.10 294.50 269.00 294.50 -16.36 NPOLYMAR 85.10 76.00 71.80 72.40 -14.92 AMANFEED 77.10 72.00 69.70 70.30 -8.82 SAIHAMCOT 14.80 14.00 13.50 13.70 -7.43 BDCOM 24.90 23.50 23.10 23.30 -6.43 BARKAPOWER 29.60 28.50 27.50 27.90 -5.74 NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 52.20 -4.22 DOREENPWR 114.00 114.50 108.60 109.20 -4.21 AZIZPIPES 64.80 64.00 60.40 62.30 -3.86 KAY&QUE 27.60 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.62 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 51.70 -5.14 SHASHADNIM 62.80 62.90 59.00 59.60 -5.10 NPOLYMAR 76.00 76.00 71.80 72.50 -4.61 DOREENPWR 113.70 114.50 108.60 108.80 -4.31 PURABIGEN 16.30 16.30 15.50 15.60 -4.30 RUPALILIFE 37.00 37.10 35.40 35.50 -4.05 MHSML 15.20 15.40 14.40 14.60 -3.95 ARGONDENIM 28.40 28.40 27.30 27.40 -3.52 TOSRIFA 17.70 17.70 17.10 17.10 -3.39 KAY&QUE 27.50 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.27 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Home News Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features For the Record Interval Interviews Columns Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion Menu Home News + Cover Stories World Africa Metro Politics Education Crime Law Health Labour Matters Agriculture Science & Technology Business + Aviation Banking Capital Markets Commerce and Industry Energy Finance Insurance Mines and Steel Property Sports + Football Fifa World Cup 2014 Athletics Tennis Golf Basketball Boxing Cycling Wrestling Table Tennis Weight Lifting Other Sports Features + For the Record Interval Interviews Columns + Monday Column Tuesday Column Wednesday Column Thursday Column Friday Column Saturday Column Sunday Column Opinion + Blogs Money Matters Declare Law and The Nation Law and The Society Naija Langwej A-Z On The Turf Ruffles Sharp Strokes Window On Leadership On The Lighter Side Defence Focus Customs Focus Inside Out Eye On The Bankers’ Bank Politics and Policy Health Matters Periscope Psychological Musings Randoms Tax In Focus My Leadership Series Editorial Cartoons Letters Entertainment + Arts Life and Culture Music Movies Inside Nollywood Kannywood Style + Fashion and Style Living and Trends Weddings Dining Religion About Advertise Contact Community Terms and Conditions Cookies & Privacy Policy Site Map Just In Ondo Guber: PDP’s Founding Mothers Decry Delay Over Party’s Candidacy Dispute How Masked Gunmen Kidnapped Ex-Minister, Hirse In Kaduna AMOSUN PRESENTS 2017 APPROPRIATION BILL TO ASSEMBLY ON TUESDAY Nigerians Yearn For Your Return, Makarfi’s PDP Tells Jonathan Home / Entertainment / Pampers Takes Tiwa Savage, Moms To Its Newest Plant Pampers Takes Tiwa Savage, Moms To Its Newest Plant Chima Akwaja — Nov 19, 2016 4:42 am | Leave a comment Pampers, the world’s leading diaper hosted popular singer, Tiwa Savage and other  moms at its state-of-the-art factory in Agbara, Ogun State. The factory visit was part of the brand’s effort to educate moms on how it has continued to innovate and achieve maximum quality. All attendees observed firsthand the facility’s production and saw the intensive process that go into the manufacturing of Pampers’ Baby-Dry. Pampers which has been in existence in Nigeria for over 20 years has continued to create the best diaper for babies. Attendees got to see how the Super Gel in Pampers Baby Dry works. Pampers Baby-dry has super gel that locks wetness inside and keep baby dry all night long and minimizes disruption of sleep. The factory visit is in line with the Pampers #MomsKnowBest to get moms to see first-hand the rigorous quality processes, care and innovation that go into creating the Pampers diapers they’ve come to love.  . Tolu Adedeji, Brand Marketing Director, Procter & Gamble said “At Pampers we understand that moms want a superior protection for their babies,” said Tolu “The Pampers Baby-Dry aggregates over 10 years of innovation of making sure that babies can enjoy not just a dry and comfortable night sleep, but a happy and healthy development as well.” Commenting on the visit, Tiwa Savage who also shared a testimonial of how Pampers has been beneficial for her and her baby Jamil in the new Baby dry Pampers’ television commercial, expressed that being a mom comes with its own anxieties, “I’m thrilled in making this factory tour with other moms, as it offers an opportunity to give a first-hand information to others on Pampers. I use Baby-Dry for my baby, Jamil, and I treasure how it makes the sleep and play moments smooth.” The Pampers Baby-Dry come with a super-absorber (Super Gel) and a 4 layer core which absorbs wetness and ensures it is locked away from the skin health. It also comes with an in-built lotion that ensures that baby’s skin is protected, by repelling wetness and absorbing a baby’s urine to keep the skin health.   Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon See How I Satisfied My Woman For Over 30 mins in Bed and Enlarge my penis size without Side Effect(Click Here To Read) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus « Previous Article Majek Fashek, TuFace, Pasuma For 3rd Africa Meets Reggae Concert Next Article » Opa Williams Steps Aside From ‘Nite Of A Thousand Laughs’ Latest Posts 6:26 pm Ondo Guber: PDP’s Founding Mothers Decry Delay Over Party’s Candidacy Dispute — Comment 6:23 pm How Masked Gunmen Kidnapped Ex-Minister, Hirse In Kaduna — Comment 6:14 pm AMOSUN PRESENTS 2017 APPROPRIATION BILL TO ASSEMBLY ON TUESDAY — Comment 6:12 pm Nigerians Yearn For Your Return, Makarfi’s PDP Tells Jonathan — Comment 6:01 pm Senate Moves To Amend Companies Income Tax Act — Comment 5:57 pm Alleged N514.4m Fraud: Audio Evidence Played In Court — Comment 5:52 pm Nigeria Can’t Disintegrate, Says Dogara — Comment 5:44 pm Cheery News! 200,000 Unemployed Graduates To Start Work By December 1- Presidency — Comment 5:39 pm Ex-President Jonathan Thanks, Prays For Well Wishers As He Clocks 59 — Comment 5:31 pm Tinubu’s Message To PMB, Osinbajo By Shuaib I. Shuaib — Comment Join Leadership Community Forum Poll Should The Federal Government Swap Detained Boko Haram Members For Chibok Girls? Yes No Vote Total Votes: 4102 Download Alexa Toolbar Tweets by @LeadershipNGA Exchange Rate Naira Exchange Rate Tweets by @FRSCNigeria Leadership Community Login Username * Password * No Community Account? Create One! Photo Gallery Photos: Federal Executive Council Meeting today Daily Columns Monday BHTs: Yesterday, Today And Tomorrow by By Madu John Uche Nov 14th | Comments Nigerians always position themselves on the wrong path. To say that Nigerians are the only citizens of any country in the world, who eagerly exhibit unpatriotic spirit or posture to… …read more Tuesday Export Expansion Grant Scheme: Light At The End Of The Tunnel? by Ade Adefeko Nov 15th | Comments For policy makers and stakeholders in the area of agriculture and particularly non -oil agricultural exports, you will agree with me that incentives are a necessary ingredient to stimulate and… …read more Wednesday 59,017,382 Americans Made The Difference!!! by Hannatu Musawa Nov 16th | Comments How stupid can 59,017,382 people be” was the question that the world was confronted with last week when Americans elected into office the most hasty, nasty, undignified, crass and clueless… …read more Thursday The End Of The American Empire by Abbah Mahmood Nov 17th | Comments The United States of America is a unique experiment in human history. It is a country of immigrants, basically, where virtually every known race or country in the world has… …read more Friday Incompetence At The Heart Of Government by By Emmanuel Nwachukwu Nov 18th | Comments When the President’s wife, Aisha Buhari, expressed concerns about the calibre of presidential appointments, she spoke for many. Ardent supporters of the President are now openly questioning the lack of… …read more Saturday How Trump Defeated American Media by BY AKEEM SOBOYEDE Nov 19th | Comments Donald Trump’s stunning and “upset” victory over Hillary Clinton in the recent US presidential election should primarily go down in history as the triumph of a political outsider over a… …read more Sunday Ken Saro Wiwa, Jr: Exit At The Entrance by Matthew Hassan KUKAH Nov 20th | Comments No thanks to a gerontocratic class that defiantly continues to stand between the present and future, younger generations in Africa find the rungs on the ladder of progress rather slippery.… …read more Copyright © 2015 Leadership Newspaper. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google+ reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, November 21, 2016 12:17 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Saturday November 19, 2016 08:41 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Jorgensen upsets Olympic champ Chen Long to win China Open Merkel tells party she plans to seek re-election as chancellor Drinking raw milk increases risk of infection, says Health D-G Craig Reedie re-elected as World Anti-Doping Agency president Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A Wall Street sign is pictured outside the New York Stock Exchange in New York, October 28, 2013. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Nov 19 — US stocks ended lower today, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration’s policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump’s surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. “I see the market kind of churning here because it’s had a very decent move,” said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. “Trump’s policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted.” The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 per cent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 per cent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 per cent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq’s biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc and drug firms including Amgen . Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector, which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday’s drop of 1.2 per cent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 per cent, weighed down by a 1.3 per cent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the second best performer with a 0.5 per cent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 per cent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 per cent, and has risen 10.8 per cent since the US election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said today he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed’s rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the US central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen’s Thursday statement that the rate hike could come “relatively soon.” Gap fell 16.6 per cent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 per cent. Both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands U.S. exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. — Reuters                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Five ways Indians are dodging ‘black money’ crackdown Asia to narrow trade focus as protectionism rises, say analysts Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Palm oil celebrates centennial, output doubles every 10 years TPP, RCEP, FTAAP: A user’s guide to alphabet soup of trade deals Foreign banks shaken by Malaysia's move to halt currency slide Bank Negara instructs foreign banks to refrain from offshore ringgit trading, sources claim Malaysia’s central bank says will no longer tolerate ringgit trade in NDF market Malaysia Airlines mulling purchase of 25 widebody jets next year Ex-Valeant executive, ex-pharmacy CEO charged for fraud scheme Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Tensions’ likely under President-elect Trump, Obama says Reuters Video: Trump says ‘you will hear some things tomorrow’ MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Mahathir, Siti Hasmah head to KLCC by car MMOTV: Red Shirts heckle yellow-shirted Bersih participants Ah Beng reviews iguana’s epic escape from snakes (WARNING: EXPLICIT LANGUAGE) Related Articles Trump set to announce new cabinet picks (VIDEO) Ibrahim Ali: If Trump can be president, I can be PM Turning other cheek, Mexican president vows Trump talks Turns out, everything is negotiable ― Paula Dwyer Dancing in a hurricane ― Thomas L. Friedman Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2016 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Company News | Sat Nov 19, 2016 | 1:19am IST US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline * Gap, Abercrombie fall after disappointing forecasts * All three major indexes on track to post weekly gains * S&P health index leads decliners * Indexes down: Dow 0.18 pct, S&P 0.22 pct, Nasdaq 0.2 pct (Updates with late afternoon prices, changes byline, adds New York dateline) By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Nov 18 U.S. stocks were lower on Friday afternoon, with health stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. The Nasdaq was down in the afternoon, after hitting an intraday record high earlier, with the biggest drags from companies such as Alphabet Inc and Amgen. U.S. stocks have generally been rising since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week as his proposals to increase infrastructure spending and reduce taxes are expected to boost the economy. While the three major indexes were on track to close higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week. "People are still trying to wrap their arms around what the U.S. elections mean for policy going forward," said Jason Pride, director of investment strategy at Glenmede in Philadelphia. The Dow Jones industrial average was down 33.73 points, or 0.18 percent, at 18,870.09, the S&P 500 lost 4.91 points, or 0.22 percent, to 2,182.21. The Nasdaq Composite dropped 10.58 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,323.40 after hitting a record of 5346.8. Seven of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Losses in shares of Merck and Allergan Plc helped drag down the S&P health sector, which led the decliners with a 1.2 percent fall. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. The S&P Energy sector was the best performer with a 0.7 percent increase as oil futures rose. The S&P financial sector was up 0.2 percent, and has risen almost 11 percent since the U.S. election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. Traders are pricing in an 83-percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen had said Thursday the central bank could raise rates "relatively soon," sending out a clear signal for a December move. Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch each fell more than 14 percent after both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.12-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.03-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 216 new highs and 25 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal and Anya George Tharakan; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Next In Company News US STOCKS-Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline * S&P health index leads decliners, energy rises (New throughout, updates prices, market activity and comments to close) US STOCKS SNAPSHOT-Wall Street ends down, led by healthcare NEW YORK, Nov 18 U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next U.S. administration's policies. European shares close lower as dollar strength hits miners MILAN, Nov 18 European equities ended lower on Friday, with mining and energy stocks bearing the brunt of the sell off after commodities prices slipped following a rally in the dollar. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Top News At least 107 dead as train derails near Kanpur Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 19, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on - Dothan Eagle: AP Business News Advanced Search Dothan 52° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap AP Business News Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mark Lennihan US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Posted: Friday, November 18, 2016 3:42 pm | Updated: 4:03 pm, Fri Nov 18, 2016. Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on Associated Press | NEW YORK (AP) — Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. "Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 percent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France's CAC 40 fell 0.5 percent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 percent. The German DAX lost 0.2 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 percent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country's big exporters. South Korea's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and Hong Kong's Hang Seng rose 0.4 percent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Ko, Jutanugarn set for LPGA finale showdown, chasing Hull Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town 4 killed in crash of air-ambulance flight in northern Nevada 4 killed in crash of air-ambulance flight in northern Nevada ARTICLE: 4 killed in crash of air-ambulance flight in northern Nevada More about General News ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Evening' game ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 4 Evening' game ARTICLE: Winning numbers drawn in 'Numbers Evening' game ARTICLE: 8 arrests as rival protesters clash near Texas State Capitol ARTICLE: Top Senate Dem serves notice to GOP, Trump on priorities More about Prices ARTICLE: Iran optimistic oil prices can rise US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down Thai junta fines ex-PM for last rice subsidy, funds another Thai junta fines ex-PM for last rice subsidy, funds another Discuss Print Posted in AP Business News on Friday, November 18, 2016 3:42 pm. Updated: 4:03 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Prices, Currency Markets, Oil And Gas Industry, Health Care Costs, Stock Markets, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Economy, Financial Markets, Energy Industry, Consumer Product Manufacturing, Consumer Products And Services, Corporate Stock, Consumer Services, Products And Services, Health Issues, Health, Green Vehicle Technology, Green Technology, Environment, Environment And Nature, Technology, Pharmaceutical Manufacturing, Health Care Industry, National Elections, Elections, Government And Politics, Leading Economic Indicators, Government Finance, Government Business And Finance | Location Tags: United States, East Asia, North America, Asia Similar Stories The Latest: Philippine leader looks to China-led development Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town Facebook fixing fake news problem with CEO at trade summit Trump quickly settles university lawsuits after a long fight Hong Kong, Chile ink investment deal at APEC meeting Most Read Sheriff Donald Valenza describes search for Amanda Bond Dale County jailer charged with trying to smuggle drugs into jail Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered Four Dothan schools score among best in state on ACT Aspire test UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Videos Editor's Picks Arkansas State blasts No. 25 Troy with strong second half TROY – What began as a defensive slugfest between Arkansas State and No. 25 Troy Thursday ended in a rout thanks to an outstandin… Dothan's Granger inks with AU Equestrian team When she was 8 years old, Terri-June Granger received a horse at Christmas. Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. Demolition derby drivers set to crash Saturday at National Peanut Festival Keep your head on a swivel. Don’t get hit hard enough to be put out of the game. Don’t be overly aggressive. Be strategic. In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
null
e-Edition Obituaries Photo Gallery Magazines Scholarships Paywall Login Login to Comment Register November 20th, 2016 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Life Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on Business Related Apps of the Week Poll Have you started Christmas shopping yet? Yes No View Results  Loading ... @MedicineHatNews Follow Us By Marley Jay, The Associated Press on November 18, 2016. 00000 NEW YORK – Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. “Some of the proposals that (President-elect Donald) Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones,” said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,321.51. That’s not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn’t fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 per cent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 per cent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 per cent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 per cent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 per cent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It’s near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn’t been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that’s affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it’s less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 per cent from 2.30 per cent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 per cent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap’s said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 per cent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 per cent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 per cent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 per cent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 per cent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 per cent, to $44.76. Gold fell $8.20 to $1,208.70 an ounce. Silver lost 15 cents to $16.62 an ounce. Copper dipped 2 cents to $2.47 a pound. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline stayed at $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 1 cent to $1.46 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 14 cents, or 5.2 per cent, to $2.84 per 1,000 cubic feet. France’s CAC 40 fell 0.5 per cent and the FTSE 100 in Britain dipped 0.3 per cent. The German DAX lost 0.2 per cent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index added 0.6 per cent as the yen hit a six-month low, helping shares of the country’s big exporters. South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.3 per cent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng rose 0.4 per cent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay 00000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Twitter Facebook Instagram YouTube Tumblr ePaper Login Subscribe Archive About Us The Medicine Hat News Other Publications Contact Careers Contact the Medicine Hat News 3257 Dunmore Rd SE Medicine Hat, AB T1B 3R2 [P] 403.527.1101 [F] 403.528.5696 Contact Careers Print Advertising: 403.528.5659 National Advertising: 403.528.5766 Online Advertising: 403.528.5698 Classifieds: 403.526.7653 © 1996-2016 The Medicine Hat News, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy policy
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. Posted 18 Nov 2016 21:50 Updated 19 Nov 2016 06:10 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., November 10, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines, as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next administration's policies. Wall Street equities took a breather after rising dramatically since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week. While the three major indexes closed higher for the second week in a row, the rally lost some steam this week as investors awaited more information to support their bets that Trump could succeed in passing proposals to lift infrastructure spending and reduce taxes. "I see the market kind of churning here because it's had a very decent move," said Ken Polcari, director of the NYSE floor division at O’Neil Securities in New York. "Trump's policies continue to be just rhetoric because none of it has been enacted." The Dow Jones industrial average fell 35.89 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,867.93 while the S&P 500 dropped 5.22 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.9. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51 after hitting a record of 5346.8. The Nasdaq's biggest drags came from technology companies such as Alphabet Inc and drug firms including Amgen . Six of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors closed lower. Losses in shares of Allergan Plc and Merck were the biggest drags on the S&P health sector , which led the decliners. The health index pared its post-election lift but was still 1.8 percent higher than Nov. 8, even after Friday's drop of 1.2 percent. Only five of the indexes stocks ended higher. Consumer staples fell 0.4 percent, weighed down by a 1.3 percent fall in Procter & Gamble . The S&P Energy sector was the second best performer with a 0.5 percent increase as producers added to rig count, suggesting that they might be expecting a demand boost, Polarci said. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P financial sector ended up 0.08 percent, and has risen 10.8 percent since the U.S. election, boosted by prospect of higher interest rates and lighter regulation. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said Friday he was leaning toward supporting a December increase and that the real question would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George said that while she supports raising rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. The comments added to Fed Chair Janet Yellen's Thursday statement that the rate hike could come "relatively soon." Gap fell 16.6 percent and Abercrombie & Fitch fell 13.8 percent. Both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 32 new 52-week highs and 4 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 253 new highs and 30 new lows. About 6.69 billion shares changed hands U.S. exchanges, well below the 8.02 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal and Anya George Tharakan; Editing by Nick Zieminski and David Gregorio) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Phil Castellini named to chair Cincinnati USA Chamber Organization also names other officers and 11 new board members for 2017 Post to Facebook Phil Castellini named to chair Cincinnati USA Chamber Organization also names other officers and 11 new board members for 2017  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2g5RCgC {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Phil Castellini named to chair Cincinnati USA Chamber The Enquirer 1:41 p.m. EST November 18, 2016 Buy Photo Enquirer file The Cincinnati Reds? Phil Castellini, chief operating officer, talks with manager Bryan Price prior to their game at Great American Ball Park. Wednesday, April 30, 2014 REDS SPORTS : The Cincinnati Reds Phil Castellini, Chief Opporatiing Officer talks with manager Bryan Price prior to their game at Great American Ball Park. The Enquirer/Jeff Swinger (Photo: Jeff Swinger, The Cincinnati Enquirer)Buy Photo Phil Castellini, the chief operating officer of the Cincinnati Reds, has been named the chairman of the Cincinnati USA Regional Chamber. The chamber is the voice for the interests of its 4,000 member businesses and their more than 300,000 employees. Castellini will serve two years as the chamber board chairman, starting Jan. 1. Other members of the chamber's executive committee for the next two years will be Ralph P. “Mike” Michael, Fifth Third Bank, the chamber's immediate past chair; Jill P. Meyer, the chamber's president and CEO; Mario San Marco, Eagle Realty Group LLC, chamber first vice chair; Cynthia Booth, Cobco Enterprises, chamber treasurer; Lisa Knutson, E.W. Scripps Co., chamber secretary. The executive council members and chamber vice chairs will be Scott Hamlin, Christ Hospital Health Network; Stephen Hightower, Hightowers Petroleum; Deborah Majoras, Procter & Gamble; Molly North, Al. Neyer; Julia Poston, EY and J. Scott Robertson, RCF Group. The chamber also elected 11 new directors to three-year terms starting Jan.1. They are: Greg Asher, Tata;  Stacey Browning, Paycor;  Steve Eder, Messer Construction;  Michael W. Garfield, Mercy Health; Greg Harmeyer,TierOne; Richard P. Lofgren, UC Health; Candace S. McGraw, Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport; Geoffrey S. Mearns, Northern Kentucky University; Ben D. Parks Jr., Parks OV Electric LLC; Toby B. Rau, Chase and Sarah Tomes, LPK. Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2g5RCgC TOP VIDEOS Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 Which stores are opening, closing Thanksgiving Day 0:34 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 Alternate juror in Ray Tensing trial has been dismissed 1:24 Born in Cincinnati, celebrated around the world: An anthem that unites us 3:39 Inside Prep Sports 360: Colerain Football prepares for playoffs 5:05 JP Macura looks ahead to the season 2:24
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 29° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. High 47F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 5:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Wall Street ends down, led by health care Reuters Nov 18, 2016 (…) The Associated Press FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Updated at 3:15 p.m. U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next U.S. administration's policies. Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 35.68 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,868.14, the S&P 500 had lost 5.17 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.95 and the Nasdaq Composite had dropped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51. Our earlier story:  U.S. stocks were lower in early afternoon trading on Friday as health stocks weighed and investors cashed in after the post-election rally, but the three major indexes continued to hover near record levels. The Nasdaq hit a record high earlier in the session, helped by a rise in Microsoft and other big tech stocks. Losses in shares of Merck and Johnson and Johnson dragged down the S&P health sector, which led the decliners with a 1.08 percent fall. U.S. stocks had been on a tear since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week as his proposals to increase infrastructure spending and reduce taxes are seen benefiting the economy. The rally lost steam this week as investors took to the sidelines, awaiting more clarity regarding Trump's policies. Still, the three major indexes are on track to close higher for the second week in a row. "I think given the major indexes are at or near all-time highs, we're probably due for a little bit of a digestion period," said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "Equities are generally expected to move sideways until we get a little more of visibility into what some of the policies are going to be with the new administration." Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said on Thursday the central bank could raise interest rates "relatively soon," sending out a clear signal for a December move. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance of a December move, according to Thomson Reuters data. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said he was leaning toward supporting an interest rate increase in December and that the real question now would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George also said that while she supports raising interest rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. Who's hired? Check our People in Business How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog At 11:34 p.m., the Dow Jones industrial average was down 36.3 points, or 0.19 percent, at 18,867.52, about 67 points shy of the record it hit on Nov. 14. The S&P 500 was down 5.11 points, or 0.23 percent, at 2,182.01. The index hit a record high of 2,193.81 on Aug. 15. The Nasdaq Composite was down 12.70 points, or 0.24 percent, at 5,321.28. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Consumer Staples fell 0.45 percent, weighed down by a 1.1 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch fell more than 10 percent after both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,589 to 1,302. On the Nasdaq, 1,446 issues fell and 1,292 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 31 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 184 new highs and 22 new lows. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business General News Prices Currency Markets Oil And Gas Industry Health Care Costs Stock Markets Financial Performance Corporate News Economy Financial Markets Energy Industry Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Corporate Stock Consumer Services Products And Services Health Issues Health Green Vehicle Technology Green Technology Environment Environment And Nature Technology S&p 500 Nasdaq Dow Jones Industrial Average View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section More capital might solve the problem of too-big-to-fail banks Wedding registries evolve from dishes to dolphins Malls, retailers tweak hours as holiday shopping rush nears Consumers should pay attention to insurance antitrust case Along for the Ride: Restrooms on wish lists for three MetroLink stations Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2016 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 PUNE, INDIA, November 18, 2016 /EINPresswire.com/ — WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market 2016 Share,Trend,Segmentation and Forecast to 2021”. Hair Loss & growth Treatments and Products are the products which is a way to treat hair loss and promote hair growth. (Including oil, Shampoos and Conditioners and medicine product like Vitamins and supplements).The date in this report don’t include the date of surgrical hair restoration which worldwide revenue is about 1.87 Billion USD in 2015 Scope of the Report: This report focuses on the Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products in Global market, especially in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, South America, Middle East and Africa. This report categorizes the market based on manufacturers, regions, type and application. Get Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/609092-global-hair-loss-growth-forecast-to-2021 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Market Segment by Manufacturers, this report covers Procter & Gamble L’Oreal Unilever Taisho Henkel Merck Shiseido Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Rohto Lifes2Good Gerolymatos International Toppik Nanogen Oxford BioLabs Ltd. Ultrax Labs Avalon Natural Products Bayer Yanagiya Pharma Medico Kerafiber Phyto Keranique DS Healthcare Group EcoHerbs Global Kaminomoto Softto Bawang Zhang Guang 101 Market Segment by Regions, regional analysis covers North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) South America, Middle East and Africa Market Segment by Type, covers Shampoos and Conditioners Medicine Product Market Segment by Applications, can be divided into Women Men Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/609092-global-hair-loss-growth-forecast-to-2021 Table Of Contents – Major Key Points Global Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 1 Market Overview 1.1 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Introduction 1.2 Market Analysis by Type 1.2.1 Shampoos and Conditioners 1.2.2 Medicine Product 1.3 Market Analysis by Applications 1.3.1 Women 1.3.2 Men 1.4 Market Analysis by Regions 1.4.1 North America (USA, Canada and Mexico) 1.4.1.1 USA 1.4.1.2 Canada 1.4.1.3 Mexico 1.4.2 Europe (Germany, France, UK, Russia and Italy) 1.4.2.1 Germany 1.4.2.2 France 1.4.2.3 UK 1.4.2.4 Russia 1.4.2.5 Italy 1.4.3 Asia-Pacific (China, Japan, Korea, India and Southeast Asia) 1.4.3.1 China 1.4.3.2 Japan 1.4.3.3 Korea 1.4.3.4 India 1.4.3.5 Southeast Asia 1.4.4 South America, Middle East and Africa 1.4.4.1 Brazil 1.4.4.2 Egypt 1.4.4.3 Saudi Arabia 1.4.4.4 South Africa 1.4.4.5 Nigeria 1.5 Market Dynamics 1.5.1 Market Opportunities 1.5.2 Market Risk 1.5.3 Market Driving Force 2 Manufacturers Profiles 2.1 Procter & Gamble 2.1.1 Business Overview 2.1.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.1.2.1 Type 1 2.1.2.2 Type 2 2.1.3 Procter & Gamble Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.2 L’Oreal 2.2.1 Business Overview 2.2.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.2.2.1 Type 1 2.2.2.2 Type 2 2.2.3 L’Oreal Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.3 Unilever 2.3.1 Business Overview 2.3.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.3.2.1 Type 1 2.3.2.2 Type 2 2.3.3 Unilever Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.4 Taisho 2.4.1 Business Overview 2.4.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.4.2.1 Type 1 2.4.2.2 Type 2 2.4.3 Taisho Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.5 Henkel 2.5.1 Business Overview 2.5.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.5.2.1 Type 1 2.5.2.2 Type 2 2.5.3 Henkel Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.6 Merck 2.6.1 Business Overview 2.6.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.6.2.1 Type 1 2.6.2.2 Type 2 2.6.3 Merck Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.7 Shiseido 2.7.1 Business Overview 2.7.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.7.2.1 Type 1 2.7.2.2 Type 2 2.7.3 Shiseido Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.8 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. 2.8.1 Business Overview 2.8.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.8.2.1 Type 1 2.8.2.2 Type 2 2.8.3 Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.9 Rohto 2.9.1 Business Overview 2.9.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.9.2.1 Type 1 2.9.2.2 Type 2 2.9.3 Rohto Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.10 Lifes2Good 2.10.1 Business Overview 2.10.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.10.2.1 Type 1 2.10.2.2 Type 2 2.10.3 Lifes2Good Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.11 Gerolymatos International 2.11.1 Business Overview 2.11.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.11.2.1 Type 1 2.11.2.2 Type 2 2.11.3 Gerolymatos International Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.12 Toppik 2.12.1 Business Overview 2.12.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.12.2.1 Type 1 2.12.2.2 Type 2 2.12.3 Toppik Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.13 Nanogen 2.13.1 Business Overview 2.13.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.13.2.1 Type 1 2.13.2.2 Type 2 2.13.3 Nanogen Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Sales, Price, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share 2.14 Oxford BioLabs Ltd. 2.14.1 Business Overview 2.14.2 Hair Loss & Growth Treatments and Products Type and Applications 2.14.2.1 Type 1 2.14.2.2 Type 2 ……..CONTINUED For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=609092 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 18, 2016November 18, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Medical Waste Management Market to Reach $16.2 billion with 5.9% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Next Next post: Global Machine-to-Machine (M2M) Connections Hardware Market by Manufacturers, Regions,Type,Application, Forecast to 2021 Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-19 American Music Awards 2016: Live Stream, Performers, Presenters — Everything You Need To Know About The AMAs Entertainment 2016-11-19 Mike Pence Booed At ‘Hamilton’ Appearance: See Video Of The Message The Musical’s Cast Delivered To The Vice President-Elect Entertainment, Movies, News 2016-11-18 ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Emilia Clarke Is Latest Addition To ‘Han Solo’ Film Entertainment 2016-11-18 Happy Birthday Mickey Mouse! You’re 88! Here’s What You Don’t Know About Him News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-20 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts News 2016-11-20 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream News 2016-11-20 Jessica Whelan Loses Battle With Cancer, Father’s Heartbreaking Photo Brought Awareness To Suffering She Endured News 2016-11-20 Ser Je Da Be Search Update: Missing 13-Year-Old Abducted By 22-Year-Old Ex-Boyfriend And In ‘Extreme Danger,’ Police Say Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Sports 2016-11-20 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight Sports 2016-11-20 Floyd Mayweather Jr. Vs. Conor McGregor: Celebrities Weigh In On Possible Fight Sports 2016-11-17 RunDisney’s 2017 New Balance Shoe Designs Revealed, Feature Disney Parks Attractions Sports 2016-11-16 Watch New Zealand Vs. Pakistan Cricket 1st Test Live Stream: Start Time, Team News, How To Watch Online Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Health 2016-11-16 Gloucester Toddler, 3, Is Nearly ‘Eaten Alive’ By Herpes Contracted From Family Member Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Survival DLC: Gameplay Review Of Vendor Reset For 1.5 Update — Alpha Bridge Weapon Builds Likely The Strongest And Talent Requirements More Attainable Gaming 2016-11-20 10-Ban Drafting System For ‘League Of Legends’ Leaked Sooner Than Expected Gaming 2016-11-20 PS4 Vs. PS4 Pro Graphics: ‘FFXV,’ ‘Uncharted 4,’ ‘Last Of Us’ Performance Examined Gaming 2016-11-20 ‘Pokemon Sun’ And ‘Moon’ Players Relentlessly Soft Resetting For Shiny Starters BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment BuzzWorthy 2016-11-20 Donald J. Trump Twitter: I Watched ‘SNL’ Last Night, It Is A Totally One-Sided, Biased Show — Nothing Funny At All [Videos] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-19 Mike Pence And ‘Hamilton’: VP-Elect Booed, Hears A Few Words From The Cast At The Show — Was It Appropriate? [Poll] SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss CBS Adds New ‘Dick Van Dyke Show’ TV Special A Week After New ‘I Love Lucy’ Christmas Special TV 1 0 0 November 17, 2016 CBS Adds New ‘Dick Van Dyke Show’ TV Special A Week After New ‘I Love Lucy’ Christmas Special Jeffrey Totey CBS has added a Dick Van Dyke Show special to its holiday line-up featuring two back-to-back episodes of the classic TV show in a colorized format. CBS is clearly hoping that lightning strikes twice with The Dick Van Dyke Show – Now in Living Color! TV special after years of successful programming of re-airing episodes of I Love Lucy. Last year the network gave The Andy Griffith Show the same treatment, but it didn’t have the same success that the Lucy specials have had each year. Mary Tyler Moore and Dick Van Dyke in “That’s My Boy?” [Image by CBS] The Dick Van Dyke Show special will feature two of the show’s most popular episodes. The first half of the hour will feature the 1963 episode “That’s My Boy?” where Rob and Laura Petrie (Van Dyke and Mary Tyler Moore) reminisce about years earlier when they had thought they had brought home the wrong baby from the hospital. Then, the second half of the new special will feature 1965’s award-winning episode “Coast to Coast Big Mouth” where Laura accidentally blurts out on national TV that Rob’s boss and host of the fictional Alan Brady Show wears a toupee. “Coast to Coast Big Mouth” ranked No. 8 on TV Guide’s list of the “100 Greatest TV Episodes of All Time” and won an Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series in 1966. The new special will air on December 10, Sunday, at 8:00 p.m. a week after CBS’ traditional airing of the I Love Lucy Christmas Special, which airs on Friday, December 2, also at 8:00 p.m. Carl Reiner, who played the role of Alan Brady on the show, personally oversaw the colorization of the two episodes. Carl Reiner played Alan Brady on “The Dick Van Dyke Show.” [Image by CBS] The Dick Van Dyke Show originally aired on CBS from October 3, 1961, through June 1, 1966, and was filmed at Desilu Studios, which was owned by Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz. The show starred Van Dyke as Rob Petrie, Mary Tyler Moore as his wife Laura, Larry Mathews as their son Richie, Morey Amsterdam as the office clown Maurice “Buddy” Sorrell, Rose Marie as Sally Rogers, Richard Deacon as office manager and worry wort Melvin Cooley, Ann Morgan Guilbert as neighbor Millie Helper, and Jerry Paris as Millie’s husband Jerry. Though Van Dyke was considered the star of the show, it was in fact a classic ensemble show. The Dick Van Dyke Show wasn’t as successful as I Love Lucy at first and it failed to make it to the Top 30 in the Nielsen ratings in its first year, but people knew that the show had potential. CBS had intended to cancel the series after its initial run, but Procter & Gamble saved the day by threatening to pull all of the company’s advertising from CBS. After a summer of reruns of the series, the show made it into the top 10 by the third episode of the second season of the following year which was helped by the show’s new lead in, The Beverly Hillbillies. RELATED REPORTS FROM INQUISITR: ‘I Love Lucy’ Christmas TV Special Features Another Colorized Classic Episode ‘Gilmore Girls’ Survey: 62 Percent Of Mothers And Daughters Say Sharing TV Shows Helps Build A Stronger Relationship MGM Launches ‘Light TV’ Faith-Based Channel With Mark Burnett And Roma Downey The Dick Van Dyke Show was nominated for 25 Emmy Awards and won 15 for Outstanding Writing Achievement in Comedy (1962, 1963, 1964, 1966); Outstanding Directional Achievement in Comedy (1963, 1964); Outstanding Program Achievement in the Field of Humor (1963, 1964, 1965); Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actor in a Series: Dick Van Dyke (1964, 1965, 1966); Outstanding Continued Performance by an Actress in a Series: Mary Tyler Moore (1964, 1966); and Outstanding Comedy Series (1966). [Featured Image by AP Images] Now Watch This: ‘Criminal Minds’ Reveals What Happened To Thomas Gibson’s Character Now Read This: ‘The Simpsons’ Marathon: 600 Episodes Planned In a Row, Starting Thanksgiving Day Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Jeffrey Totey Tags: cbs, dick van dyke, i love lucy, Mary tyler moore Comments LATEST HEADLINES How Congress Can Change Final 2016 Electoral College Map, If Faithless Electors Don’t Stop Trump WWE News: Could Shinsuke Nakamura Be Heading To The Main Roster Following NXT Takeover: Toronto Loss? Iggy Azalea Reveals More Than Just Her Implants In ‘GQ’ WWE News: Triple H Reacts To NXT Takeover Toronto And Puts Over His Talent Heartbreaking Footage Of Teacher Snatching Microphone From Autistic Boy During Thanksgiving Play Goes Viral [Video] Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election, Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts A Tucson School Stopped A Kid From Being Bullied – By Kicking Him Out Of School Chris Brown To Perform At The AMAs? Fans Beg Singer To Attend American Music Awards Amid New Album Rumors NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Take The Poll: Dump Trump? Should Electoral College Switch Election To Clinton? 6.5k 0 0 Exit Polls Predicted Hillary Clinton To Win Four Of Donald Trump’s Key Victories [Opinion] 13.2k 0 0 3 Million Illegal Immigrants Voted, Claims Gregg Phillips Of VoteStand: Donald Trump’s Final Popular Vote Count Alleged To Be Better Than 2016 Predictions 874 0 0 Donald Trump On LGBT Issues: Poised To Be First President To Appoint An Openly Gay Cabinet Member 8.6k 0 0 Democrats Want to End Electoral College But Were Fine With Superdelegates [Opinion] 3.7k 0 0 Michelle Obama’s Designer Refuses To Dress Melania Trump As First Lady, Says ‘Integrity Is Our Only True Currency’ 2.1k 0 0 Will The Shield Reunite At ‘Survivor Series’? Seth Rollins Says He’s Not Opposed To The Idea 2k 0 0 Recent Headlines NBA Trade Rumors: John Wall, Anthony Davis Top List Of Franchise Players On Trade Block 1 0 0 Donald Trump Assassination Skit Gets San Antonio Students In Trouble, But Parents Want Harsher Punishment 0 0 0 NFL Playoff Standings: Washington Redskins, Oakland Raiders, Dallas Cowboys In The Spotlight 6 0 0 ‘Buy Nothing Day’ Events Planned In Over 60 Countries For Black Friday And Saturday 17 0 0 Dallas Cowboys Rumors: Tony Romo Wants To Be Traded To The Denver Broncos In The Offseason 0 0 0 Two Men Overdosing On Heroin In McDonald’s Parking Lot Captured On Facebook Live Stream 6 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 1 °C Sunday 20 November, 2016 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Opinion Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags blurred lines Business Donald Trust Tangled Web Trump International gofl course trump towers US Election See other tags Tags Saturday 19 Nov, 2016 http://jrnl.ie/3089786 Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role Law experts have cast doubt on the idea that the so-called “blind trust” is actually blind at all – referring to it as a “one-eye-closed-and-one-eye-open trust”. Sat 7:30 AM 11,812 Views 31 Comments Share65 Tweet Email Image: AP/Press Association Images WHEN ASKED ON television earlier this year whether a President Donald Trump would ever mix politics with business, his eldest son Donald Jr said there was no risk of that. The son, an executive in his father’s company, insisted the two wouldn’t discuss the business if dad ever got to the White House. Then Donald Jr. added two words: “Trust me.” The American people may have little choice. This week, Trump said that three of his children would take over his business empire while simultaneously be part of his presidential transition team executive committee – resulting in a direct conflict of interest. “The fact that they have been included as part of the transition team just shows how inappropriate their role in bridging the gap between him as a businessman and politician is,” said Meredith McGehee, a strategic adviser at the Campaign Legal Center told the Washington Post. “It’s a clear demonstration that there is no firewall between the two.” McGehee and others have also cast doubt on the idea that the so-called “blind trust” is actually blind at all. She calls it a “one-eye-closed-and-one-eye-open trust”. For Trump’s business here in Ireland – Trump International Golf Links in Doonbeg Co Clare – the process is equally unclear. Joe Russell, managing director of teh golf course, told TheJournal.ie in the aftermath of the election result that for the past few months he had only been in contact with Donald Trump’s son Eric. But he is unsure of the exact arrangement around the blind trust that Trump’s businesses must be placed in, and whether Donald Trump’s children will be allowed to continue to run the business. “Come to think of it Eric hasn’t called me in the past few months,” he says. Doonbeg ‘buzzing’ after businessman Donald Trump voted US President Source: Manuel Balce Ceneta Blind trust The aim of blind trusts is for presidents to put personal holdings such as stocks into a “blind trust” run by an independent trustee with no ties to the occupant of the Oval Office. But as with so many other areas of politics, Trump looks ready to upend this time-honored practice. Trump’s plans to hand control of his Trump Organization to three of his adult children and not a trustee cannot be considered a blind trust, said Kenneth Gross, head of political law at the firm Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom. Even if the president-elect were to appoint a trustee with no family ties, that would probably not remove the potential for Trump to use his new power over policy to enrich himself. Liquidating Trump’s holdings would be difficult, and so he would always be aware of what assets he holds. Sprawling empire Source: Mahesh Kumar A. Voters have long worried about elected officials using their power to line their pockets – or those of business partners – and shape policies to advance their private interests. But rarely has an incoming president represented such potential for conflicts of interest. No previous commander in chief has brought with him such a sprawling business empire with so much complexity, opaqueness and opportunity for self-dealing. Trump owns golf clubs, office towers and other properties in several countries. He holds ownership stakes in more than 500 companies. He has struck licensing deals for use of his name on hotels and other buildings around the world and has been landing new business in even more countries – in the Middle East, India and South America. Gross calls Trump’s holdings “unprecedented” in size and complexity for a president, a “tangled web” of potential conflicts that would be difficult to unravel. As it turns out, Trump doesn’t even have to try. Source: AP/Press Association Images Presidents are not required to set up blind trusts. In fact, they can even run a business from the White House, though Trump has said he will not. Federal ethics rules put strict limits on nearly all government employees and elected officials to prevent self-dealing, but the rules do not apply to the president. One area where the public interest could clash with the personal involves Trump’s influence over federal agencies whose decisions affect his businesses. In turning the government-owned Old Post Office into his new Washington hotel, Trump struck a complex rental and management deal with the General Services Administration. As president, he will appoint the head of the GSA. And one of Trump’s lenders, Deutsche Bank, is in settlement talks with the Justice Department over its role in the mortgage blowup that sparked the 2008 financial crisis. Trump will appoint the head of that agency, too. For his part, Trump has dismissed the idea that he is even interested in his business now. In an interview with CBS’ “60 Minutes” last Sunday, he said he was fully engaged in efforts to “save our country.” “I don’t care about hotel occupancy,” he added. He called matters like that “peanuts.” Jimmy Carter stands in a large mound of peanuts. Source: AP/Press Association Images Blurred lines The Trump Organization said in a statement that it is “vetting various structures” with the goal of transferring management to three of Trump’s children, along with a “team of highly skilled executives.” Carter started the tradition of presidential blind trusts when he put his peanut farm in one. All the presidents who followed also set up one, according to Gross, save for Barack Obama, who mostly had holdings in plain-vanilla index funds. With a blind trust, owners can’t control their portfolio and may not even know what’s in it. Trustees sometimes sell off holdings and invest the money elsewhere without the owner’s knowledge. “It’s one thing to sell 1,500 shares of Procter & Gamble. You can do that easily,” Gross said. “It’s another thing to sell a golf course in a foreign country or extricate from a branding contract.” In the 2012 presidential election, Republican nominee Mitt Romney, who had vast holdings from working at buyout firm Bain Capital, pledged to put his wealth in a blind trust certified by the Office of Government Ethics. On CNN on Sunday, Trump adviser Rudy Giuliani suggested the president-elect could set up a blind trust. Later he suggested a more flexible arrangement might be necessary given the role of Trump’s children in his business. He called the situation “very unusual.” “There’s no perfect way to do this,” Giuliani said. “You have to have some confidence in the integrity of the president.” With reporting from Gráinne Ní Aodha Read: Man who was denied a judge’s seat after racism allegations set to be Trump’s attorney general Read: Romney once called him a phoney and a fraud – but Trump may be ready to bury the hatchet Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: Associated Press See more articles by Associated Press Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-blind-trust-3089786-Nov2016/?embedpost=3089786&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-blind-trust-3089786-Nov2016/?embedpost=3089786&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/trump-blind-trust-3089786-Nov2016/?embedpost=3089786&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit Comments (31 Comments) Ordered By: Popularity Popularity Date Leave a comment Add New Comment Log in to comment: Logged in as You are connected with your account. Log out Share This Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Submit Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions 'After years as an undercover detective I wanted a change. So I started my own spice business' Fora Staff This food startup founder left the Mauritius police force to move to Ireland. 'I found it really tough because I couldn't even type': What it's like to go back to education Lorraine Courtney Senator Lynn Ruane encouraged early school leavers to return to education this week at an event aimed at increasing participation in adult learning. Lexington, Virginia: Where Trump's America and Clinton's America meet David Kenny David Kenny talks to the candidate’s supporters in the swing state of Virginia. Most Popular Today 1 Woman who died after being found injured on Galway roadside may have fallen from van 35,587  15 2 The 8 animals with the best comic timing in the world this year 30,723  11 3 How do wages of gardaí, nurses and teachers measure up to six years ago? 28,877  126 1 A top Ryanair exec wants to give tourists a platform to slag pubs with pricey pints 319  0 2 Accused of 'blackmailing' publishers, Adblock Plus insists its aim is to create better ads 93  0 3 Millionaire fintech founder Terry Clune: 'Starting companies is fun. I don't know what else to do' 26  0 1 As it happened: Ireland v New Zealand, November Test 96,378  98 2 Ireland can't convert, key men lost, and the match officials in limelight 44,652  98 3 Ireland left frustrated and tryless as All Blacks edge brutal battle in Dublin 29,827  87 1 Just 15 tweets that will speak to anyone who hates going out 8,796  0 2 Aer Lingus followed through on their forfeit to Air New Zealand after the rugby 6,049  2 3 19 tweets that perfectly describe your hangover 5,052  3 Trending Tags PLANNING Dealz planning violations: Dublin council refuses to issue enforcement notice 7 essential tips from Electric Picnic veterans Developer wins case over rejected planning for €75 million south county Dublin development PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing GARDAí Man dies in Hacketstown farming accident Woman who died after being found injured on Galway roadside may have fallen from van Woman arrested after man stabbed to death in Tipperary DUBLIN Sitting down with Maser: The man and the artist behind the blue Repeal wall Gardaí appeal for witnesses in assault of woman on her way to work Luas Cross City has erected a 'Berlinesque' wall and some Dubliners aren't happy IRELAND Australia reset to zero for Ireland - Cheika Top amateurs capture Ireland's natural beauty in 12 snapshots This mother's email led to Ireland getting a specialist clothing range for children with additional needs TRANSPORT CityJet's boss says striking pilots' union is 'a pain in my backside' CityJet's boss says striking pilots' union is 'a pain in my backside' Ireland to oppose Uber application to circumvent taxi regulations across EU ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2016 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed Trump's blind trust blurs line between business empire and presidential role Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Drugmaker losses pull U.S. markets lower By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Nov 18 2016 04:09PM    •    Last Updated Nov 18 2016 04:09 pm FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) NEW YORK • Major U.S. stock indexes slipped Friday as drug companies dragged the market lower. Small-company stocks bucked the downward trend and continued to climb, and bond yields rose to their highest level in a year. Drugmakers like Merck and biotech company Amgen took some of the biggest losses Friday. Weak results from Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch hurt retailers as investors kept a close eye on the upcoming holiday season. Small companies including regional banks continued to make large gains. Those stocks have risen sharply since the presidential election last week and are now at record highs. "Some of the proposals that [President-elect Donald] Trump has promoted, specifically deregulation and also some of his trade proposals, are better for small companies than potentially they are for large ones," said Katie Nixon, chief investment officer for Northern Trust. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The Dow Jones industrial average slid 35.89 points, or 0.2 percent, to 18,867.93. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.22 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,181.90. The Nasdaq composite touched a record high early on, but turned lower and gave up 12.46 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,321.51. That's not a big loss, but the major indexes hadn't fallen that much since before the presidential election. Still, the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished substantially higher this week after their big gains the week before. But indexes of smaller companies, like the Russell 2000 and the S&P 600, did better. They are on 11-day winning streaks and have hit all-time highs. Among small-company stocks, mortgage lending service company LendingTree added $6.80, or 7.3 percent, to $100 and coal miner Cloud Peak Energy rose 79 cents, or 15.8 percent, to $5.79. Losses for drug companies weighed down health care stocks. Botox maker Allergan retreated $8.20, or 4.1 percent, to $191.78 and biotech giant Amgen fell $2.13, or 1.4 percent, to $145.23. Hepatitis C drugmaker Gilead Sciences shed 96 cents, or 1.3 percent, to $74.62. Drug company stocks are coming off their biggest weekly gain in two years. The stocks had been falling in the months leading up to the election because investors worried that under a Hillary Clinton presidency, the federal government would take steps to rein in drug prices. Those kinds of steps are less likely under a Trump presidency and a Republican-controlled Congress. The dollar continued to climb. It's near one-year highs against the euro and six-month highs against the yen. The dollar rose to 110.63 yen from 109.89 yen. The euro fell to $1.0599 from $1.0626. The dollar hasn't been this strong since early 2003. Nixon of Northern Trust said that's affecting big multinational companies because it can hurt their sales outside the U.S., but it's less of a problem for smaller, domestically-oriented companies. Investors continued to sell U.S. government bonds at a rapid clip, and bond prices wobbled and turned lower. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent from 2.30 percent. Bond prices have fallen hard since the election and yields are now at their highest in a year. Teen clothing company Abercrombie & Fitch plunged $2.33, or 13.8 percent, to $14.60 after it reported weak sales and a smaller profit than analysts had expected. Gap's said fewer people visited its stores heading into the holiday season. Its stock gave up $5.10, or 16.6 percent, to $25.61. Sporting goods Hibbett Sports retailer cut its annual forecasts after a weak third-quarter report. It dropped $4.90, or 10.8 percent, to $40.40. Shoppers are not buying as many clothes and moving toward discount chains. That trend continued as discount retailer Ross Stores rose $2.47, or 3.8 percent, to $68 after it posted a better-than-expected profit and sales. Companies that sell common household products are also moving lower. Procter & Gamble gave up $1.07, or 1.3 percent, to $82 and drugstore operator Walgreens Boots Alliance slumped 72 cents to $83.27. Those companies have fallen since the election as investors buy companies that could benefit more from faster economic growth. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 27 cents to close at $45.69 a barrel in New York, while Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 37 cents to $46.86 a barrel in London. Energy companies traded higher. Chevron rose $1.08, or 1 percent, to $109.20 and ConocoPhillips jumped $1.15, or 2.6 percent, to $44.76. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes A rocky marriage: the Salt Lake City Council and Mayor Jackie Biskupski ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 46F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Wall Street ends down, led by health care Reuters Nov 18, 2016 (…) The Associated Press FILE - In this Oct. 7, 2016 file photo, a sign for Wall Street is carved into a building located near the New York Stock Exchange. Japanese shares rose, Friday, Nov. 18, 2016, on the yen's weakness while other Asian benchmarks wobbled after Fed chair Janet Yellen signaled that policymakers intend to raise interest rates soon. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Updated at 3:15 p.m. U.S. stocks ended lower on Friday, with healthcare stocks leading the declines as investors cashed in on a post-election rally and waited for clarity on the next U.S. administration's policies. Based on the latest available data, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 35.68 points, or 0.19 percent, to 18,868.14, the S&P 500 had lost 5.17 points, or 0.24 percent, to 2,181.95 and the Nasdaq Composite had dropped 12.46 points, or 0.23 percent, to 5,321.51. Our earlier story:  U.S. stocks were lower in early afternoon trading on Friday as health stocks weighed and investors cashed in after the post-election rally, but the three major indexes continued to hover near record levels. The Nasdaq hit a record high earlier in the session, helped by a rise in Microsoft and other big tech stocks. Losses in shares of Merck and Johnson and Johnson dragged down the S&P health sector, which led the decliners with a 1.08 percent fall. U.S. stocks had been on a tear since Donald Trump's surprise victory in the presidential election last week as his proposals to increase infrastructure spending and reduce taxes are seen benefiting the economy. The rally lost steam this week as investors took to the sidelines, awaiting more clarity regarding Trump's policies. Still, the three major indexes are on track to close higher for the second week in a row. "I think given the major indexes are at or near all-time highs, we're probably due for a little bit of a digestion period," said Terry Sandven, chief equity strategist at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "Equities are generally expected to move sideways until we get a little more of visibility into what some of the policies are going to be with the new administration." Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said on Thursday the central bank could raise interest rates "relatively soon," sending out a clear signal for a December move. Traders are pricing in an 83 percent chance of a December move, according to Thomson Reuters data. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said he was leaning toward supporting an interest rate increase in December and that the real question now would be the Fed's rate path in 2017. Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank President Esther George also said that while she supports raising interest rates, the U.S. central bank must do so only gradually. Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog At 11:34 p.m., the Dow Jones industrial average was down 36.3 points, or 0.19 percent, at 18,867.52, about 67 points shy of the record it hit on Nov. 14. The S&P 500 was down 5.11 points, or 0.23 percent, at 2,182.01. The index hit a record high of 2,193.81 on Aug. 15. The Nasdaq Composite was down 12.70 points, or 0.24 percent, at 5,321.28. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. Consumer Staples fell 0.45 percent, weighed down by a 1.1 percent fall in Procter & Gamble. Gap and Abercrombie & Fitch fell more than 10 percent after both retailers warned of a challenging holiday quarter. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by 1,589 to 1,302. On the Nasdaq, 1,446 issues fell and 1,292 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed 31 new 52-week highs and four new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 184 new highs and 22 new lows. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business General News Prices Currency Markets Oil And Gas Industry Health Care Costs Stock Markets Financial Performance Corporate News Economy Financial Markets Energy Industry Consumer Product Manufacturing Consumer Products And Services Corporate Stock Consumer Services Products And Services Health Issues Health Green Vehicle Technology Green Technology Environment Environment And Nature Technology S&p 500 Nasdaq Dow Jones Industrial Average View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Build-A-Bear pursuing growth in smaller spaces, licensing deals Malls, retailers tweak hours as holiday shopping rush nears 4 strategies to make smart choices on holiday spending Thanksgiving cheer for consumers as turkey, ham prices fall More capital might solve the problem of too-big-to-fail banks Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.

Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report HealthCare Global Enterprises rises as board approves scheme of amalgamation Business Standard Market extends intraday gains Capital Market  November 18, 2016 Last Updated at 13:18 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJEbs8 Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Market pares gains; positive market breadth Market languishes at lower levels Market slumps in sudden sell off Market opens lower on negative global cues Market slumps for second day in a row Key benchmark indices edged higher and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 99.92 points or 0.38% at 26,327.54. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 44.15 points or 0.55% at 8,124.10. The Sensex rose 112.92 points or 0.43% at the day's high of 26,340.54 in afternoon trade. The barometer index lost 109.80 points or 0.41% at the day's low of 26,117.82 in early trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The Nifty rose 44.15 points or 0.55% at the day's high of 8,124.10 in afternoon trade. The index lost 31.65 points or 0.39% at the day's low of 8,048.30 in early trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks witnessed a mixed trend. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 17 November 2016, as investors parsed through economic data and Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's testimony. Yellen has stressed the importance of central bank independence in her first public remarks after Donald Trump's election victory as new data showed the president-elect will inherit a strengthening economy. The Federal Reserve chair told a congressional hearing yesterday, 17 November 2016 that an increase in short-term interest rates could become appropriate relatively soon, raising expectations of a rise at the Fed's next meeting in December. Closer home, the market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,396 shares rose and 985 shares declined. A total of 148 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.79%, outperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%, underperforming the Sensex. Pharmaceutical shares were in demand. Strides Shasun (up 3.07%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 2.62%), Alkem Laboratories (up 2.06%), Piramal Enterprises (up 1.89%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 1.83%), IPCA Laboratories (up 1.75%), Cipla (up 1.71%), Divi's Laboratories (up 1.57%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.43%), Cadila Healthcare (up 1.20%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 1.12%), Wockhardt (up 1.03%) and Lupin (up 0.85%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals was down 0.01%. FMCG shares were mixed. Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.57%), Tata Global Beverages (up 1.43%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.82%), Dabur India (up 0.45%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.26%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.10%) and Marico (up 0.10%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.36%), Hindustan Unilever (down 0.76%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.93%), Nestle India (down 0.94%) and Britannia Industries (down 1.37%), edged lower. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Stock Market | Bse | Nifty | Sensex PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Market extends intraday gains Key benchmark indices edged higher and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 99.92 points or 0.38% at 26,327.54. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 44.15 points or 0.55% at 8,124.10. Key benchmark indices edged higher and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 99.92 points or 0.38% at 26,327.54. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 44.15 points or 0.55% at 8,124.10. The Sensex rose 112.92 points or 0.43% at the day's high of 26,340.54 in afternoon trade. The barometer index lost 109.80 points or 0.41% at the day's low of 26,117.82 in early trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The Nifty rose 44.15 points or 0.55% at the day's high of 8,124.10 in afternoon trade. The index lost 31.65 points or 0.39% at the day's low of 8,048.30 in early trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks witnessed a mixed trend. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 17 November 2016, as investors parsed through economic data and Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's testimony. Yellen has stressed the importance of central bank independence in her first public remarks after Donald Trump's election victory as new data showed the president-elect will inherit a strengthening economy. The Federal Reserve chair told a congressional hearing yesterday, 17 November 2016 that an increase in short-term interest rates could become appropriate relatively soon, raising expectations of a rise at the Fed's next meeting in December. Closer home, the market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,396 shares rose and 985 shares declined. A total of 148 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.79%, outperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%, underperforming the Sensex. Pharmaceutical shares were in demand. Strides Shasun (up 3.07%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 2.62%), Alkem Laboratories (up 2.06%), Piramal Enterprises (up 1.89%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 1.83%), IPCA Laboratories (up 1.75%), Cipla (up 1.71%), Divi's Laboratories (up 1.57%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.43%), Cadila Healthcare (up 1.20%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 1.12%), Wockhardt (up 1.03%) and Lupin (up 0.85%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals was down 0.01%. FMCG shares were mixed. Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.57%), Tata Global Beverages (up 1.43%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.82%), Dabur India (up 0.45%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.26%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.10%) and Marico (up 0.10%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.36%), Hindustan Unilever (down 0.76%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.93%), Nestle India (down 0.94%) and Britannia Industries (down 1.37%), edged lower. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market extends intraday gains Key benchmark indices edged higher and hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade. At 13:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 99.92 points or 0.38% at 26,327.54. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 44.15 points or 0.55% at 8,124.10. The Sensex rose 112.92 points or 0.43% at the day's high of 26,340.54 in afternoon trade. The barometer index lost 109.80 points or 0.41% at the day's low of 26,117.82 in early trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The Nifty rose 44.15 points or 0.55% at the day's high of 8,124.10 in afternoon trade. The index lost 31.65 points or 0.39% at the day's low of 8,048.30 in early trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks witnessed a mixed trend. US stocks registered modest gains yesterday, 17 November 2016, as investors parsed through economic data and Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen's testimony. Yellen has stressed the importance of central bank independence in her first public remarks after Donald Trump's election victory as new data showed the president-elect will inherit a strengthening economy. The Federal Reserve chair told a congressional hearing yesterday, 17 November 2016 that an increase in short-term interest rates could become appropriate relatively soon, raising expectations of a rise at the Fed's next meeting in December. Closer home, the market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,396 shares rose and 985 shares declined. A total of 148 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.79%, outperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.37%, underperforming the Sensex. Pharmaceutical shares were in demand. Strides Shasun (up 3.07%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 2.62%), Alkem Laboratories (up 2.06%), Piramal Enterprises (up 1.89%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 1.83%), IPCA Laboratories (up 1.75%), Cipla (up 1.71%), Divi's Laboratories (up 1.57%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 1.43%), Cadila Healthcare (up 1.20%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 1.12%), Wockhardt (up 1.03%) and Lupin (up 0.85%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals was down 0.01%. FMCG shares were mixed. Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.57%), Tata Global Beverages (up 1.43%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.82%), Dabur India (up 0.45%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.26%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.10%) and Marico (up 0.10%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.36%), Hindustan Unilever (down 0.76%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.93%), Nestle India (down 0.94%) and Britannia Industries (down 1.37%), edged lower. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
