Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming Search Search Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Marketers Must Balance Targeting With Audience Reach Advertisement NEXT:Offline Conversions API Available via Facebook Business Manager PREVIOUS:Twitter Adds New Featured Stickers for Dog Lovers Advertising/Marketing | Facebook Marketers Must Balance Targeting With Audience Reach By Guest on Aug. 23, 2016 - 11:00 AMComment The Wall Street Journal recently published a story that caused some alarm in marketing circles: “P&G to Scale Back Targeted Facebook Ads.” A more representative, albeit longer, headline would have been: “P&G to Scale Back Highly Targeted Ads in Order to Increase Broader Reach Buys on Facebook.” According to the WSJ: “P&G two years ago tried targeting ads for its Febreze air freshener at pet owners and households with large families. The brand found that sales stagnated during the effort, but they rose when the campaign on Facebook and elsewhere was expanded last March to include anyone over 18.” Brand marketers–especially consumer-packaged-goods companies–that need to reach a wide audience through multiple channels, including TV, should use a broad-reach strategy. As the article underscored, Procter & Gamble does not intend to spend less on Facebook, only differently with broader targeting. Advertisers experiment with new precise ad targeting In the past few years, SocialCode has seen many CPG brands experiment with more precise targeting approaches. For example, the team at Pampers could hypothetically use third-party purchasing data to deliver ads on Facebook to Huggies customers. Or the Pampers brand team could target loyal Pampers customers with messages on Facebook to encourage customer loyalty and the trial of new products in the extended Pampers line. Buying very targeted, smaller audiences resulted in higher CPMs (cost per thousand impressions), but not much else. These higher CPMs rank poorly in Media Mix Modeling (MMM) results, a method marketers use to attribute sales or other outcomes to different media investments. Note that this outcome of shifting to broader reach was for brands driving in-store purchase of lower-priced products, as opposed to direct-response advertising objectives. For direct-response ads selling products, online measurement is clearer from impression to purchase, and more specific targeting, even though it is more expensive, usually makes sense. Now many of the CPG brand marketers, such as P&G, that experimented with narrow audience targeting are recalibrating their strategies. Instead of targeting very specific, small groups of people, like pet owners, these marketers are building quality audiences on Facebook that are broad enough to reach more people, at a lower cost per person, and deliver measurable sales impact. Whether they are small or large, addressable audiences on global platforms like Facebook remain among the best digital channels. Broad, efficient and fraud-free reach to such massive audiences is a huge value proposition on its own. When you can reach three times the users at three times the cost efficiency, you can achieve real business impact. Balancing targeting with reach While there are many big brands in P&G’s scenario, there are many brands with niche audiences (craft beers, for example) that are experimenting with a concept we call “broad segmentation.” This involves applying the principles of broad, efficient CPMs, while concurrently deploying more personalized messaging and tailored media strategies against key customer segments within the broader group. To be sure, more precise targeting will always be hugely valuable for marketers and retailers engaging in direct-response advertising, like Verizon trying to sell phones and plans, Kayak selling hotel rooms and flights and Bloomingdales selling fashionable clothing. The right mix of reach versus targeting always depends on the specific brand, its category and its business goals. Opening up its targeting was the right call for P&G. Hundreds of SocialCode’s proprietary studies among Fortune 500 brand partners support this approach for large CPG brands. Advertisers that pair broadly targeted marketing buys with studies to measure what consumers are buying in stores often achieve sales lifts upward of 10 percent on a single digital campaign. This result is driven by increased purchase volume among existing customers, as well as by significant lift in new household sales and new customers. But the lesson is not to turn away from targeting–it is, instead, to validate strategic decisions and big media investments by measuring consumer lift. Advertisers and their partners must understand digital platforms well enough to capitalize on their mass reach and targetability–in unison—in order to maximize sales and return on investment. Sarah Snyder is the general manager of advanced solutions at social ad technology and insights provider SocialCode. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get SocialTimes delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Editorial Director, Audience Development and Engagement Dance.com New York City, New York Social Media Coordinator Victoria King Public Relations Los Angeles, California Vice President, Integrated Marketing National Urban League New York City, New York Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Media Relations Specialist MediaSource Columbus, Ohio See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com


null
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter East Bay Times Weather Today Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Tri-Valley letters: Stack-and-pack development… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Best wines for Thanksgiving Ex-49er’s house for sale Ralph Branca dies Oakland vs. Las Vegas STDs on the rise Duped by fake news OpinionLetters to the Editor Tri-Valley letters: Stack-and-pack development wrong for Livermore area Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Bay Area News Group August 23, 2016 at 4:04 pm Stack-and-pack development wrong for Livermore area Livermore residents, we have a problem. Have you looked at Lennar’s site plan for the huge gravel parking lot on Railroad Avenue and the lot adjacent to the Bankhead (www.cityoflivermore.net)? You really should. Mayor John Marchand, and City Council members Stu Gary and Laureen Turner voted against the motion of council members Steve Spedowfski and Bob Woerner to cut the 260 residential units by half or more before beginning parking, traffic, retail and environmental studies. While spokespeople for the Chamber of Commerce, Livermore Downtown, Livermore Valley Winegrowers, and Innovation Tri-Valley favor Lennar, hundreds of meeting attendees vehemently disagree. Why? People want Lennar’s condo canyon housing to go somewhere else. If housing is included, it should be luxury housing, reflecting the importance of the space. Many made heartfelt pleas for open space instead of the mass of concrete and five-story parking lots. Lennar crams too much into the space and ignores pedestrian flow, traffic flow, trash pickup and deliveries. Livermore residents, do you want our downtown to be Dublinized? Maryann Brent Livermore Regulate harmful chemicals out of consumer products The presence of potentially carcinogenic and harmful chemicals in the products that we use daily is very high in this day and age. Companies are allowed to use any chemical that they want without proper regulation or testing by the FDA. In particular, Procter & Gamble has been known to use harmful chemicals like ethylparaben, methylparaben and propylparaben in their products. Ethylparaben is a preservative that has been linked to hormone disruption. Personally I am extremely sensitive to hormonal disruptions. Many people, women in particular, have developed hormonal issues due to these toxins that we are exposed to daily. It is unnerving to think that everyday exposure to products like Neutrogena Oil-Free Moisture for Sensitive Skin could potentially be harming my health. It is time for P&G to switch to using toxic-free ingredients in their products. Madi Medearis Danville Livermore VA’s complimentary coffee is essential As a volunteer at the Veterans Affairs center in Livermore, I serve coffee and pastries every other Tuesday to the veterans who are there for medical appointments. I received a call on Aug. 8 from a VA employee telling me that there would be no coffee service the following day (Tuesday) as they were remodeling the small employee kitchen where we fill the coffee urn. I was advised by William Ball, the head of Volunteer Service for the Palo Alto VA System, that coffee service had not been available since last Friday. The excuse was that the pot was full of water since Friday and therefore could not be used because, I am guessing, the VA can’t figure out how to dump the existing water outside and refill with fresh water from one of dozens of sources of water at this facility. There are many veterans who come in on buses from outlying areas, and they look forward to the coffee and visits that take place in our small area. Many of our vets do not have the financial resources to buy coffee at the for-profit cafe. I realize that Ball and the other paid VA employees will not be inconvenienced by this and probably do not think that this is very important, but it is important to our vets. Every small kindness is greatly appreciated by the men and women we serve. Mr. Ball, can you spare a vet a cup of coffee? Jane Parish Danville Just how did the Clintons get rich? Secretary Hillary Clinton said she and her husband were broke and in debt when Bill left the White House, so please explain how the Clintons have built a net worth of over $100 million today. Ray Greer Danville Female president would be fine, but not corrupt Hillary I do not like Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. However, rather than picking the lesser of the two evils or refraining from voting, I will vote for the Libertarian presidential candidate. That is the best way to signal to the Democrats and Republicans that both candidates are unacceptable. I would love to have a female president, but not one with Hillary’s long history of lies and corruption. I am a feminist, but I know that gender alone is not the best characteristic on which to base my choice. My first female boss was by far my worst boss in 35 years of working. She was a vicious, lying bully. I was very wary of ever working for another woman, but subsequently had male and female bosses who were good, bad and indifferent. It is the same with politicians. I want a good, honest woman for president and will wait to vote for a woman for president until there is a better female candidate. Eve Sprunt Dublin No chance of voting for Hillary Clinton It is a tragic loss for the Khan family to have lost their wonderful son, but it is no more of a loss than for all of the other families of Hispanic or black or Asian or Caucasian soldiers. It matters not the ethnicity of those lost. All are mourned. Where was Hillary Clinton 12 years ago when Humayun Khan was killed? Did she mourn him then? Did she mourn him eight years ago when she was trying to win the Democratic nomination? How many researchers did she use to find a Muslim soldier who had given his life in the line of duty? Was it not Clinton who voted for the Iraq War? Was it not Clinton who put the security of all Americans at risk when she used an unsecured email while in at-risk countries all for the benefit of her own secret emails? Was it not Clinton who made the decision to delete emails that she wanted unread and known by the U.S. government? Vote for Hillary Clinton? Not on your life. Maureen McLaughlin Concord Why do Democrats discredit their own? Recent articles have dealt with voter fraud. Contra Costa County Registrar of Voters Joe Canciamilla came forth with the number of people who used a loophole allowing them to vote twice. By itself that’s not noteworthy, but that was just one county, and those were just the ones that got caught. The next article contained the effort by the California secretary of state’s office to quickly and vehemently deny Canciamilla’s findings. They did so even before checking into Canciamilla’s data. Over the years, Canciamilla, a Democrat, has shown that he is a trustworthy and reliable civil servant. But the top political office in the state, dominated by Democrats, thinks the current setup is working just fine. A final article revealed the Obama administration’s unusual step of joining in a lawsuit and helping to repeal a Texas law that requires voters to show one of seven allowable types of identification. It seems the Democrat agenda is always against measures that reduce voter fraud. Do they feel that the only way they can win is by cheating? Jay Todesco Concord Tags:  Letters Bay Area News Group Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Kawakami: The Ronnie Lott deal is a direct plea to the NFL (not so much the Raiders) Pittsburg: Two alleged Norteños arrested on aggravated mayhem charges Volunteer banned from Mt. Diablo school campuses for hugging staff One charged, two sought in shooting death of Richmond musician UC Berkeley: Male student sexually assaulted in university-affiliated housing Testarossa opening new Carmel Valley tasting room Family of Contra Costa deputy who drowned sues Tahoe boating company Hayward: Lanes reopen after woman fatally hit on I-880 More in Opinion Editorial: Sessions must adapt to Trump view on marijuana November 23, 2016, 11:27 am Editorial argues that Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions needs to adapt His thinking on marijuana to fit those of his news boss and, for that matter, the shifting views of the American people. Commentary: San Jose taking a stand with Standing Rock Sioux November 23, 2016, 11:17 am San Jose and Silicon Valley need to stand with the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe water protectors, who are under siege once again — this time by business interests that want to build a pipeline that will endanger the tribe’s sacred water supplies. Here’s how. Cartoons: Donald Trump takes on ‘Hamilton’ November 23, 2016, 9:55 am On Friday, a cast member of the Broadway smash “Hamilton” directed a message to Vice President-elect Mike Pence at the end of the show. In the aftermath, President-elect Donald Trump has leveled criticism at the show and the performers. Commentary: Work hard, play hard, live life fully November 23, 2016, 9:00 am Silicon Valley entrepreneur combines his love of kite surfing with an effort to save the oceans. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Local Guide Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2016 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Cloudy. Slight chance of a rain shower. High around 55F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with some clearing expected late. Low 36F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: November 23, 2016 @ 1:37 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Procter & Gamble's Gillette unit has sued Chesterfield-based Edgewell Personal Care Co. over claims made about its Mach3 razors. Gillette sues Chesterfield-based Edgewell over competing razor claims Reuters Aug 23, 2016 (…) Procter & Gamble's Gillette unit has sued Chesterfield-based Edgewell Personal Care Co. over claims made about its Mach3 razors. NEW YORK • Procter & Gamble Co.’s Gillette unit on Tuesday sued the maker of Schick razors, claiming it falsely marketed a line of private label three-blade razors and cartridges as being equal to or better than its popular Mach3. Gillette said tests of men aged 18 to 55 showed that razors from Chesterfield-based Edgewell Personal Care Co. created a “statistically significant number of greater nicks and cuts,” and thus were not “as good or better than Mach3,” as their labels claim. “By falsely promoting its razor as being ‘as good or better’ than Mach3 and providing reduced irritation as compared to Mach3, Edgewell’s actions threaten harm to Gillette’s reputation and that of Mach3, thus jeopardizing Gillette’s hard-earned standing and market share,” the complaint said. The complaint filed in Manhattan federal court also said that the “many months” of lead time needed for Edgewell’s June rollout of its shaving products meant that company had to infringe three patents for the Mach3 that expired on April 10. Edgewell denied the allegations. “Gillette’s Mach3 patents have expired and we are confident in the quality and performance of our private label products,” the company said Tuesday in an emailed statement. “We will vigorously defend ourselves against these meritless claims and will continue to support our valued customers around the world. Gillette, which is based in Boston, dominates the retail market for men’s razors and blades, where it can charge higher prices for premium brands such as Mach3 and Fusion. But it faces pressure from lower-cost rivals and online sales. The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages, a halt to alleged false advertising and royalties for products sold under such names as Blade, Daylogic and Equate, and by Kroger Co. According to the complaint, Edgewell told Gillette that its claims for the private label razors were based on a “well conducted product test” and had offered to substantiate the “as good or better” claim to retailers that asked. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Shaving products, including Schick, Wilkinson Sword and Edge, account for more than half of Edgewell’s profit and revenue. The company also sells Banana Boat and Hawaiian Tropic sunscreen, as well as tampons and other feminine care products under such brands as Playtex and Stayfree. Edgewell was spun off in July 2015 by battery maker Energizer Holdings Inc. The case is Gillette Co. v Edgewell Personal Care Co., U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 16-06623. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Procter & Gamble's Gillette unit has sued Chesterfield-based Edgewell Personal Care Co. over claims made about its Mach3 razors. Tags Edgewell Gillette Co. View (…) comments Most popular St. Louis' largest movie theater chain Wehrenberg sold to Milwaukee company Pfizer to move to new $200 million Chesterfield campus, keep 450 jobs Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Plan to replace West County hospital gets initial backing in Creve Coeur High-tech housewares company to leave St. Charles for Forest Park Southeast neighborhood Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Automakers seek to cut inventories with Black Friday, holiday promotions In wake of Wells Fargo, U.S. regulator mulls tougher bank sanctions Caleres' stock up 15 percent Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Illinois fix to unpaid bills may end up as financial time bomb Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Subscribe to the Post-Dispatch today and find what you're looking for Get this St. Louis collectible from the Post-Dispatch Store See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null


null
7NEWS Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Updated Forecast 7-Day Interactive Radar Radar & Maps Futurecast School Closings Weather Science Be Ozone Aware Weather Alerts Storm Shield Storm Watch Weather Videos Consumer + Debbie's Deals ShopSmart Money Recalls Financial Fitness Zone Science & Tech Managing Your Money Spelling Bee Traffic + Gas Prices I-25 Cams I-70 Cams Driving you crazy Health + Staying Healthy Flu Guide Whats Going Around Basics of Babies New Year Heart News + Local News National Denver7 Investigates Politics Unplugged Politics DecodeDC Trending The NOW Denver Archive News Tips Marijuana Denver News Podcast Election 2016 Domestic Violence Election Results Entertainment + Celebrity News TV Listings Contests Crossword Sudoku Horoscope The List Lifestyle + Pets Discover Colorado Mile High Escapes Food Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Video + Live Video Recent Videos Right This Minute YouTube Channel Newsy Photos + Recent Galleries Your Photos Submit Photos Sports + Super Bowl 50 | Chase for the Championship Broncos Super Bowl Parade Broncos Avalanche Nuggets Rockies Fishing Colorado Orange First College Sports WoodysGame Community + Community Events Celebrate Colorado 7Everyday Hero Making Things Possible Books for Kids Special Olympics 7NEWS Book Club 7Readers are Leaders Holiday Heroes Marketplace + Insights into Insurance Tailgate Grilling Academy Mile High Living Healthy Living Tips New Year New You About + Contact Us News Team Mobile RSS Feeds Advertise Support Current 44° Partly cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 52° LO: 25° HI: 48° LO: 30° HI: 55° LO: 23° Full Forecast Traffic current alerts 5 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 1 Weather Alert Winter Weather Advisory issued November 23 at 12:06PM MST expiring November 24 at 12:00PM MST in effect for: Eagle, Garfield, Moffat, Pitkin, Routt 1 Weather Alert Meet the new Old Spice guy: Von Miller Robert Garrison 5:34 PM, Aug 23, 2016 6:15 PM, Aug 23, 2016 broncos | von miller | procter and gamble | old spice Share Article Previous Next Von Miller, the chicken farmer and Broncos player we all love, is the next Old Spice guy. KMGH Procter and Gamble Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next DENVER - Von Miller, the chicken farmer and Broncos player we all love, is the next Old Spice guy. The company behind the infamous brand, Procter and Gamble, announced Tuesday that the 27-year-old Super Bowl 50 MVP will be the face of the “Greatest Smell in the NFL” for the 2016 season. Yep! This just happened. Repping the Hardest Working Collection for @OldSpice. pic.twitter.com/CdaWYGxD3V— Von Miller (@Millerlite40) August 23, 2016 “Between winning the Super Bowl, solidifying my status with the Broncos and being named the newest Old Spice guy, 2016 is shaping up to be quite a year,” Miller said in a company release. P&G says the Broncos linebacker is a perfect fit for the brand. “We’re excited to welcome Von, one of the NFL’s top-performing players and unique personalities, to the Old Spice family,” said Janine Miletic, Old Spice Brand Director. --------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines. Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads, Android and Kindle. Or, keep up-to-date by following Denver7 on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter. Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Top Stories Trending Now News Video Weather Traffic Consumer Sports Entertainment MarketplaceSupport 7NEWS & TheDenverChannel.com Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs News Staff Debbie's Deals TV Listings 7Everyday Hero Community Mile High Living RSS KMGH FCC Profile The Now Mobile Apps 7NEWS Denver iPhone | iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhone | iPadAndroid Laff Network Stay Connected  facebook twitter instagram youtube Email Alerts Google+ Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File

Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Von Miller Appears to Be the New Old Spice Guy Advertisement NEXT:KBS Goes Through a Round of Layoffs PREVIOUS:BBDO New York and Dove Chocolate Regret Nothing Brands Von Miller Appears to Be the New Old Spice Guy By Erik Oster on Aug. 23, 2016 - 1:07 PMComment Since concluding its Terry Crews and Isaiah Mustafa feud last November, W+K introduced the new “Legendary Man” character to promote Old Spice’s Hardest Working Collection and launched a “Smell Em Who’s Boss” campaign in June. Now P&G has drafted Von Miller, fresh off his dancing lesson in Heat’s “Start Me” spot for Madden NFL 17, as the face of Old Spice for the 2016 season, promoting the brand’s Hardest Working collection.  Adweek broke the story this morning, but we get all our important news from celebrities’ Twitter accounts. Yep! This just happened. Repping the Hardest Working Collection for @OldSpice. pic.twitter.com/CdaWYGxD3V — Von Miller (@Millerlite40) August 23, 2016 The first spots starring Miller, presumably from W+K, are expected early in the NFL season. For now, though, there are series of photos starring Miller promoting the brand—in his Broncos jersey, naturally. “We’re excited to welcome Von, one of the NFL’s top-performing players and unique personalities, to the Old Spice family,” added Old Spice brand director Janine Miletic. “Von’s engaging, humorous demeanor and hardworking on-field performance align perfectly with our ridiculously masculine brand and the performance of our Hardest Working Collection combining our most popular scents with our most powerful sweat and odor protection and deep cleansing body washes.” “Between winning the Super Bowl, solidifying my status with the Broncos and being named the newest Old Spice guy, 2016 is shaping up to be quite a year,” Miller said in a statement. “I’ve had my favorite Old Spice scents for a long time, and I only trust the Hardest Working Collection to give me a deep clean after practices and keep me smelling fresh on and off the field. There’s a reason you find Old Spice in every team’s locker room.” Dude never gets a break. And we do not in any way believe his last sentence. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Trending: Video preview: Smart cities tour! SharePoint 2013 cheat sheet Video: Holiday gift guide 2016 Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. First look: Visual Studio for Mac is here at last, almost Windows 10 quick tips: Get the most out of Cortana 6 ex-CIOs reveal lessons learned, biggest regrets Ultimate guide to setting up a small business Wi-Fi network More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Gamification Home Tech Location-Based Services Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) Business Process Management (BPM) CRM Collaboration Content/Document Management Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software Integration Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Cloud Computing IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? Business Software in the App Age By Ben Kepes star Thought Leader |Follow News Analysis Huddle goes back to enterprise basics and strengthens external sharing controls It's a fine line between good user experience and enterprise robustness. Huddle constantly tiptoes along this line. Computerworld | Aug 23, 2016 9:00 AM PT Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Huddle co-founders Alastair Mitchell, left, and Andy McLoughlin. Credit: Huddle More like this Box competitor Huddle makes two announcements during Box’s show week Egnyte moves beyond file sharing and sync Dropbox goes enterprise (again). Too little, too late? Video How the FCC fast-tracked its journey to the cloud File synchronization and sharing vendor Huddle is today announcing enhanced security for external collaboration. While only a moderately interesting announcement in and of itself, it comes at an interesting time for the broader enterprise file sharing and sync (EFSS) space. Gartner's recent report indicated a difficult road ahead for the myriad vendors in the space and pronounced that many players simply would not exist in the future. Too many players battling in a largely undifferentiated product space and for a significant but not unlimited market makes for some interesting tensions. Add to that the fact that there is a perennial dance between those vendors who have been enterprise-focused since the get-go, and those who have moved into the enterprise space from a consumer origin, and you have room for lots of carnage. Huddle, while denouncing the EFSS moniker, is essentially in the space -- and while it calls itself a cloud collaboration service, essentially it's the same thing. Huddle does have an interesting origin, having been founded in the U.K. and gaining significant traction in that market before making a move to the U.S. Indeed, one of Huddle's earliest inflection points came when it was selected as a whole-of-government provider to the U.K. public sector. Since then, it has picked up a range of customers on both sides of the Atlantic -- from a claimed 80% of the Fortune 500 to companies such as Kia Motors, Williams Lea, Driscoll's, Unilever and P&G. Of course, as I mentioned, it is a busy space, and Huddle does battle with the publicly listed Box.com (formerly a consumer-focused play but now moved upmarket), Dropbox (still privately held but unlikely to remain that way for long and a strong consumer play trying to make it in the grownup enterprise world), Egnyte (which uses hybrid deployment as its differentiator), and other vendors such as Citrix Sharefile, Accellion, and the big boys Google and Microsoft. So anything one of these vendors does gets observed within the context of a far greater story. And so the announcement of a seemingly minor security update is cause for interest. In this case, Huddle is making its "Unified Authentication Portal" a generally available product. With the change, account managers can apply authentication and security policies such as single sign-on (SSO) across Huddle's web, desktop and mobile apps in one step, hopefully simplifying the process of keeping content secure. Coupled with more granular permissions control and additional mobile security features, enterprises now have even greater control over internal and external access to content in Huddle. Of course, there is a risk in making a big song and dance about functionality that many top-tier customers would regard as basic features. This is a problem not only for Huddle, but also its competitors that need to be constantly talking about their "enterprise-ready" products while also making a fuss about deeper functional releases. Huddle admits these security concerns from its users and prospects. "Security is a top concern for most enterprises; however, this is especially true of professional services firms who are collaborating with internal and external stakeholders on a regular basis," said Stuart Cochran, the CTO of Huddle. "In our latest release, we've doubled down on our commitment to being the industry's most secure cloud-collaboration platform, making it even easier to keep data secure regardless of who has access. This is especially important, particularly when the success of an engagement depends on efficient collaboration and communications between internal teams, the clients and other external partners." This is an important level of functionality for larger customers, but it is unlikely to fundamentally alter the difficult dynamics around the EFSS market -- there are too many vendors fighting too many battles in what is, essentially, an undifferentiated commodity race. I'm not sure whether the answer will come in the form of failed vendors, market consolidation or both. Either way, the next few years are going to be fascinating to watch. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? To express your thoughts on Computerworld content, visit Computerworld's Facebook page, LinkedIn page and Twitter stream. Related: Cloud Computing Ben Kepes covers how technology helps business compete. 12 steps to lower your espionage risk Shop Tech Products at Amazon You Might Like Notice to our Readers We're now using social media to take your comments and feedback. Learn more about this here. What Readers Like China builds world’s fastest supercomputer without U.S. chips China's Sunway TaihuLight theoretical peak performance is 124.5 petaflops. Cortana: The spy in Windows 10 Project Fi has a powerful bonus feature hidden in plain sight Newsletters Sign up and receive the latest news, reviews and trends on your favorite technology topics. Get our daily newsletter Go Chart and image gallery: 30+ free tools for data visualization and analysis This sortable chart lets you compare dozens of tools for functionality, skill level and more. Windows 10 Anniversary Update: A guide to the builds The Windows 10 Anniversary Update is due this summer -- but if you don’t want to wait, you can install... Popular Resources Video/Webcast Sponsored 3 Tips to Deliver Fast Performance Across Mobile Web White Paper Big Data for Good: Using Data & Analytics to Benefit Society (And Make Money) White Paper Closing the Customer-Experience Gap with Digital-Performance Management Video/Webcast Sponsored From 0 to DevOps in 80 Days: Lessons Learned Moving from On-Prem to Cloud Native White Paper Harnessing the Three Forms of Big Data Analytics Innovation Go Top Stories Pelosi says UC IT workers are in ‘untenable position’ House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi is urging the University of California to drop plans to send some... Voting security experts tell Clinton to demand recount Hillary Clinton, the apparent loser in the recent U.S. presidential race, should ask for voting... Holiday shopping by mobile phone? Beware fake apps and bad Wi-Fi hotspots The smartphone risk is higher this year than in 2015. There are more active cyber criminals and many... On first day in office, Trump to attack visas that 'undercut the American President-elect Donald Trump on Monday sent out the strongest signal yet that the H-1B visa program is... Sponsored Links INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Where do you stack up with your IT counterparts on cloud investment? Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 1994 - 2016 Computerworld, Inc. All rights reserved. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site »
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close 7 Best Dividend Stocks You've Never Heard Of Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump TOOL State-by-State Guide to Taxes for Retirees QUIZ Test Your Investing IQ BUILDING WEALTH Kiplinger's Wealth Creation Web Conference Series Advertisement Practical Advice from 7 Best Dividend Stocks You've Never Heard Of While everyone piles into the same ol' blue chips, get yield at a relative value via these lesser-known names Véronique Debord-Lazaro via Flickr By Jeff Reeves August 24, 2016 The best dividend stocks are the ones that offer reliable income and high yield. However, in the current stock market, it’s important for investors not to simply chase high dividends without looking at other metrics. Consider that many big-name consumer staples and utility stocks are trading for sky­high price­to­earnings ratios right now. Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) trades for a forward P/E of almost 18 and Procter & Gamble Co. (PG) trades for a forward P/E of almost 21. That’s a big premium to pay for income. And even if you’re getting modest dividends, you may eventually suffer a steep decline in your initial investment because you bought at too high of a price. Why are these sleepy stocks trading for such a premium? Well, because in the current low­interest rate environment, everyone is piling into the same large­cap dividend names in search of income.The best dividend stocks to buy right now, however, are not the names you’ve heard of like P&G or ConEd. Instead, they are lesser­-known mid­caps that still throw off substantial annual dividend payouts. Here they are: the seven best dividend stocks you’ve never heard of. Owens & Minor Dividend Yield: 3% YTD Performance: ­7% vs. +6% for the S&P 500 Market Cap: $2.1 billion Industry: Medical Equipment Advertisement Owens & Minor, Inc. (OMI) is a global healthcare services company that focuses on distribution of medical supplies and logistics. Running the supply chain for hospitals and clinics isn’t glamorous work; it’s a behind-­the-­scenes business. However, OMI has a robust list of reliable clients, and that adds up to reliable revenue to fuel a dividend that is almost twice the current rate of return on 10­-year Treasuries. With a payout ratio of 51% ($1.02 annually on projected earnings of $2.01 next fiscal year), there is ample room for future increases. See Also from Kiplinger: 5 Dividend Stocks to Consider Selling Tanger Factory Outlet Centers Dividend Yield: 3.3% YTD Performance: +21% Market Cap: $3.8 billion Industry: Commercial real estate Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. (SKT) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that focuses on shopping centers, mainly in the U.S. While malls aren’t exactly booming in the era of e­commerce, the value proposition of outlets continues to generate reliable business for tenants — and reliable rent checks for Tanger. In January, the stock just boosted its dividend about 14%. Advertisement See Also from InvestorPlace: 7 Dividend Stocks That Really Crank Out the Cash SKT continues to buy out partners and consolidate power in the outlet segment, as evidenced by acquiring 100% ownership of a Savannah outlet a few weeks ago. This REIT is well­positioned to be the major (if not only) lessor in the space. Compass Minerals Dividend Yield: 3.9% YTD Performance: ­3% Market Cap: $2.5 billion Industry: Chemicals Compass Minerals International Inc. (CMP) produces the plant fertilizer potash as well as rock salts and chemical road deicers for municipalities. It certainly isn’t a glamorous business, and anyone who remembers the great global potash crash of 2013 after a breakup of a Russian fertilizer cartel knows that this sector has been under big pressure in recent years. Advertisement However, CMP stock has right­sized for the current environment — all while pushing dividends higher. In fact, its payout has soared in 55% in the last five years, from 45 cents quarterly to about 70 cents currently. Revenue should climb about 7% next year and profits are expected to surge 30%, so the worst may be behind this stock. Mercury General Dividend Yield: 4.8% YTD Performance: +12% Market Cap: $2.9 billion Industry: Insurance Mercury General Corporation (MCY) is an insurance company that serves 10 states, mainly writing auto policies but also insuring a modest amount of homeowners and businesses. Advertisement Anyone interested in income knows that the reliable cash flow from insurance policies can power a reliable dividend machine. In fact, this characteristic is one of the reasons that investing icon Warren Buffett loves insurers like Geico so much. See Also from InvestorPlace: 7 Dividend-Paying Energy Stocks to Tap Into Now! MCY is a smaller company and not as well­ known, but follows the same model. Old Republic Dividend Yield: 4% YTD Performance: +1% Market Cap: $4.9 billion Industry: Insurance Old Republic International Corporation (ORI) is another insurance company that focuses mainly on property and liability coverage to businesses, governments and institutions. ORI has paid dividends since 1942, and just recently declared its 35th consecutive annual increase in payouts. Furthermore, it’s trading for just a 10% premium above book value and a forward P/E of less than 14! If you’re looking for a reliable mid­cap dividend payer that is trading at a bargain valuation, you can’t do much better than ORI. Flowers Foods Dividend Yield: 4.2% YTD Performance: ­29% Market Cap: $3.2 billion Industry: Bakery foods Flowers Foods, Inc. (FLO) is a baked goods company behind bread brands Nature’s Own, Sunbeam and Wonder Bread as well as Mrs. Freshley’s and Tastykake snacks. The company isn’t exactly booming growth­wise, as evidenced by its significant decline in the past year or so. But FLO stock just raised its dividend 10% — and despite this decent bump, it’s only paying out 65% of earnings (64 cents annually on projected earnings of 97 cents next fiscal year). See Also from InvestorPlace: 7 Stocks to Sell or Short Into the Ground Unlike other staples stocks with a nosebleed P/E, Flowers is trading for less than 16 times next year’s earnings, making it not just a good dividend stock, but a good value play too. Garmin Dividend Yield: 3.8% YTD Performance: +46% Market Cap: $10.2 billion Industry: Consumer technology Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) is indeed the GPS company you may remember from 10 years ago, back when those devices were ubiquitous and cell phones weren’t providing us with directions thanks to Google Maps. However, the company has successfully transitioned away from those old gadgets into onboard and in­dash GPS systems for autos, as well as marine navigation and airline mapping systems. There’s also a reasonably successful consumer arm with gadgets like the Vivosmart fitness wearable, which monitors (among other things) how far you run using GPS tracking. Garmin is a company that has evolved, but continues to do right by shareholders via a juicy dividend. See Also from Kiplinger: 25 Best Mutual Funds for Low Fees This article is by Jeff Reeves, the editor of InvestorPlace.com and the author of The Frugal Investor’s Guide to Finding Great Stocks. More From InvestorPlace 7 of the Worst Stocks on Wall Street 7 Monthly Dividend Stocks With Great Yields LEADERBOARD: The 10 Best Stocks for 2016 This article is from InvestorPlace, not the Kiplinger editorial staff. Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Advertisement He recommended Amazon in 1997 and Tesla in 2011. And he's announcing his newest pick for the best stock to buy now. 5 Years From Now, You'll Probably Wish You Grabbed These Stocks Enter your email address below to get the name of the stock and to receive Kiplinger Today. Privacy/Legal Information More From Kiplinger Most Popular Most Shared Costco's Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals - Article 7 Top Energy Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever - Slide Show 10 Worst States for Taxes on Your Retirement Nest Egg - Slide Show 10 Things That Will Soon Disappear Forever - Slide Show Most Popular Most Shared Guide to Medicare Open Enrollment for 2017 - Article 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco - Article Where to Invest in 2017 - Article Veterans Often Miss Out on the Long-Term Care Benefits They Deserve - Article Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2016, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
Advertisement Manage: Subscription | Newsletter Add to favorites Make this your home page Print this page E-Edition Online Forms   Home News Local State Nation/World Financial Washington Sports Local National Lifestyle Education Entertainment Features Happenings Personal Touch Religion Opinion Editorial Letters Local Commentary National Commentary Obits Images Photo Library The Amsterdam Scene Video Gallery Specials - Autumn Special - Bridal Directory - Business Card Directory - Business Profiles - Focus Fulton Montgomery - Gift Guide - HS Football 2015 - Real Estate Guide - The Inside Track - Saratoga 2015 - Transitions - Wedding Guide Weather Archives Classifieds Mobile Apps Help Contact Us Employees Online Forms Subscribe Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Amsterdam, NY ,   Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Recommend  (0) Advertisement Experts: Few athletes will cash in on their Olympic glory Tuesday, August 23, 2016 - Updated: 9:35 AM By James F. Peltz Los Angeles Times When the Summer Olympics end Sunday, the clock starts ticking for medal winners hoping to cash in on their glory. Other than established multimillionaire stars such as U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps and Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt, the Olympians have a brief window of opportunity -- most likely a few weeks -- to sign potentially lucrative endorsement deals once the Games are over. A handful might profit handsomely, notably gymnast Simone Biles, who arrived in Rio de Janeiro with endorsements already in hand and then captured the nation's attention by winning four gold medals and one bronze. But most medalists won't get rich from their efforts because corporations looking for celebrity endorsers know that the athletes -- and their Olympic sports held only once every four years -- don't maintain the attention paid to traditional sports such as football and baseball, experts said. "Very few of them" will attain significant wealth from the Rio Games, said Ben Sturner, chief executive of Leverage Agency, a sports and entertainment marketing firm. "The news media will not be covering you three or four weeks from now." That's especially true with the Summer Olympics, said Matt Delzell, managing director at the Marketing Arm, a sports marketing agency. "The shelf life is so short for Summer Olympians because the timing is so bad," he said. "We're two weeks away from college football and the NFL, and the Major League Baseball playoffs are soon, so it's a terrible time for the Olympic athletes to make hay in the spotlight. "Most marketers know that Katie Ledecky's name, come January, sadly is going to be a whole lot lesser known than it is now," even though the swimmer captured four gold medals in Brazil, Delzell said. It's a moot point at the moment for Ledecky, who has opted to attend college and maintain her amateur status. But Biles -- a three-time world champion -- and others chose to turn professional, with Biles dropping plans to attend UCLA. Biles, 19, had inked endorsement deals before the Olympics began, including a television commercial for Procter & Gamble Co.'s Tide detergent that ran during the games, and her net worth already tops $2 million, according to MoneyNation.com. Biles and four other athletes also have been on the front and back covers of various Kellogg Co. cereal boxes since mid-June, extending the decades-old tradition of Olympic athletes being featured on cereal boxes. But for most Olympians, "it's just tough" to land sponsorship deals, not only because they're no longer on television but also because they're less likely to maintain the buzz on social media that advertisers now crave, said Matt Balvanz, vice president for analytics at Navigate Research. "What are the social-media conversations about these athletes and how soon do they fall off? Two weeks out, no one will be talking about them," Balvanz said. None of the medal winners in Rio returns home empty handed, however. The United States Olympic Committee pays bonuses -- $25,000 for each gold medal, $15,000 for silver and $10,000 for bronze -- that can be accepted by amateur students such as Ledecky under NCAA rules. Certain sports federations also pay bonuses to American medal winners. The USA Wrestling Foundation, for instance, is handing out a sizable $250,000 for gold medalists in Rio, along with $50,000 for silver and $25,000 for bronze. The Olympic gold medals themselves, which are 85 millimeters in diameter and weigh 500 grams, are valued at about $564 apiece, based on the recent price of gold, according to Forbes. That's well below the record price of $708 for the 2012 Olympics in London, when gold and silver prices were higher. Each gold medal, produced by the Mint of Brazil, actually is mostly made of silver and plated with six grams of gold. If the entire medal was made of gold, it would be valued at nearly $22,000. That's still small change compared with a multimillion-dollar shoe or apparel contract that a select few, such as Phelps, have been able to command. But this year, "is anybody going to make seven-figure endorsements from these Olympics? I doubt it," Delzell said. Phelps reportedly has a net worth of $55 million, and Bolt's reportedly tops $60 million, in good part because they've had long, superlative careers spanning more than one Olympics. That's kept them relevant with consumers, analysts said. Yet even if other athletes don't hit the endorsement jackpot immediately after these Olympics, they can still build a career from their momentary brilliance at the Games, said Rob Prazmark, chief executive of 21 Sports & Entertainment Market Group. Some Olympic athletes find ways to stay in the public's eye -- and thus relevant for endorsements from corporations -- by appearing on TV shows, making public appearances or joining the broadcasting field. "Dancing with the Stars," for instance, has become a destination for former Olympians such as soccer player Hope Solo, figure skater Kristi Yamaguchi and speed skater Apolo Anton Ohno. "Don't measure it by how much money they make this year," Prazmark said. "Their value as an Olympian doesn't end after they win gold, it's how they work their Olympic achievements. You don't have to be Michael Phelps to make a career out of being an Olympian."       Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (optional - shown on website) Advertisement Subscribe to The Recorder   E-Edition 11/23/2016 Click here to see and download more print issues The Recorder Sports Schedule Most Popular Area high school sports calendar Monday, November 21, 2016 Volunteers to cook up holiday spirit in city with meal delivery Saturday, November 19, 2016 Experienced core will be key for Northville Friday, November 18, 2016 Mayfield returns four starters; also has talented 6-foot-5 eighth grader in the mix Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Fulton County supervisors give approval to $97M draft budget Friday, November 18, 2016 From The Recorder Archives Saturday, November 19, 2016 Thomas to replace Cramer as undersheriff Saturday, November 19, 2016 Sophie Malkowicz Friday, November 18, 2016 City gun buyback yields less, but still viewed as a success Thursday, November 17, 2016 Police report Friday, November 18, 2016 Isabel faces Nelson for county legislature District 8 seat (1) Jury convicts Thomas Mair of murdering UK lawmaker Jo Cox (0) Oh please, not another gratitude list (0) The News in Brief (0) University police officer shot in head (0) Airstrike hits bridge, disrupting IS supply lines (0) Trump taps Gov. Nikki Haley to be ambassador to UN (0) 14 wines for your Thanksgiving table, from $12 to $40 (0) The News in Brief (0) Pakistan: India attack kills 12, 10 troops die on both sides (0) Facts and figures for the opening of deer hunting season (4) B-P considers joining forces to reduce its solar farm fee(4) F-MCC considers a one-year LPN program (2) DEC officers have been hard at work during deer season (2) LaPortes celebrate 60th anniversary (2) Taking part in an unforgettable deer hunt was an honor (2) Amsterdam's Fedullo signs with Saint Rose(1) Joyce A. Drozinski (1) Robert L. 'Bob' Reidy (1) Towns are turning to county for guidance on solar farms (1) Stay Connected!   Facebook   Twitter   Mobile Apps   Newsletter Signup   Support   Subscribe   Contact   Employees Advertisement Site Index Home All News Local News State News Nation/World Financial News Washington News All Sports Local Sports National Sports All Lifestyle Education Entertainment Features Happenings Personal Touch Religion All Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial National Commentary Obituaries Photo Library Video Gallery The Amsterdam Scene Business Business Profiles Deals Dining & Entertainment Focus Fulton Montgomery Real Estate Guide Saratoga Bridal Directory Wedding Guide Transitions Weather Search Archive Classifieds Connect With Us Mobile Apps Online Forms Subscribe Employees Copyright © McClary Media, Inc. Privacy Policies: The Recorder Contact Us Tweets about from:RecorderShinder OR from:recorder_news OR from:johnp_recorder
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor Major Insiders Buying This Metal Stock Home | Charles Sizemore Tags: apple | cash | hoard | invest Yes, the Apple Cash Hoard Really Is That Big (AP Images/Philip Toscano) By Charles Sizemore Tuesday, 23 Aug 2016 08:51 AM More Posts by Charles Sizemore Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A      People come from all around the world to see Mount Everest. But if you lived in Nepal and saw it lurking in the distance every day, it might not seem nearly as impressive. You might take it for granted or even dismiss it as no big deal. That’s really where we are today with Apple (AAPL) and the absolutely gargantuan Apple cash hoard. It’s been so large for so long that no one really pays attention to it anymore. In fact, it seems the most common thing I hear said about the Apple cash stockpile these days is that “it’s really not that big when you take debt and potential taxes into consideration.” Frankly, that’s ridiculous. Even allowing for a massive tax haircut, AAPL’s cash hoard would rank as one of history largest treasures… a fortune that would make Croesus blush. As of Apple’s latest quarterly earnings report, the company had $231.5 billion in cash and marketable securities. The Apple cash balance — the gross number, before any debt or tax considerations — would be the 13th-largest company in the world… bigger than Wal-Mart (WMT) and just a hair smaller than Procter & Gamble (PG). Now, of course, the Apple cash is mostly overseas, while Apple’s $72.4 billion in debt is mostly domestic. Let’s pretend that Apple suddenly got religion and decided it wanted to be debt free… now. And let’s further assume that Apple wanted to move its entire cash hoard stateside because… go America! And let’s take this one step further and assume that Apple is paying the full 35% U.S. corporate tax rate on the whole pile of money. (None of these are realistic assumptions, mind you, but let’s go through the exercise anyway…) After taxes, Apple’s $231.5 billion in cash becomes $150.5 billion. That would still put the Apple cash hoard in the top 30 largest companies in the S&P 500… about on par with Phillip Morris International (PM) and just a hair smaller than IBM (IBM), Disney (DIS) and Pepsico (PEP). After stripping out the $72.4 billion in debt, the $150.5 billion becomes $78.1 billion. That’s still not exactly chump change. In fact, that’s nearly double the average market cap of all S&P 500 and more than four times bigger than the median market cap of all S&P 500 companies. And remember, this all assumes the absolute worst case scenario for taxes. Were Apple to actually attempt to repatriate its cash, it would likely negotiate much better terms. So, yes. The Apple cash hoard is a big deal, no matter how you slice it. To read the full article, see "Call the War Chest Waahmbulance!"   Charles Lewis Sizemore, CFA, is chief investment officer of the investment firm Sizemore Capital Management and the author of the Sizemore Insights blog. As of this writing, he was long AAPL and MSFT. To read more of his work, CLICK HERE NOW.   Disclaimers: If I mention a stock favorably, you should assume that I have a position in it, both personally and in client accounts.  This does not, however, automatically mean that you should own it. I am expressing my opinions in this newsletter, not offering individualized financial advice or soliciting you to buy securities.  See full disclaimer here. More Posts by Charles Sizemore Rising Bond Yields Smash REITs: What Happens Next? Pricey Stocks to Continue Not With a Bang But a Whimper Starbucks Is Disrupting Fast Food Employment as We Know It More Newsmax Blogs: John Mauldin: Trump Could Change World Unless Recession Changes Everything Mohamed El-Erian: Central Bankers Hope Trump Eases the Burden Hans Parisis: In US Politics, Nothing Is as It Seems © 2016 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share CharlesSizemore The Apple cash hoard is a big deal, no matter how you slice it. apple, cash, hoard, invest 537 Tuesday, 23 Aug 2016 08:51 AM 2016-51-23 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Forbes.com: Trump, GOP Could Cut Social Security, Medicare Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 126 comments SS could easily be "fixed" by forcing the government to PAY BACK THE... Jack Bogle: Trump Policies Could Be 'Bad for Society, Economy, Markets' in Long Run Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 70 comments Hey Jack Bogle, try reading the current Snoozeminimum headline:"S&P... Nikkei Asian Review: Apple Considers Making iPhones in US Amid Trump Threat Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 53 comments When I buy auto parts at the parts stores my first question is where is it... Wilbur Ross: Trump's 'Very Progressive' Plan Means Tax Cuts for All Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 27 comments We do need to be some tax cuts in some areas but the ceos and one... Wall Street at Record Highs as Techs, Energy Stocks Rally Monday, 21 Nov 2016 | 16 comments the stocks must be racist. They didnt do that when Fauxbama was elected.... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions

Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Benchmark indices fail to hold positive zone Capital Market |  Aug 23, 2016 01:17 PM IST A bout of volatility was witnessed as key benchmark indices once again slipped into the red from green after moving into positive zone from negative zone for a brief period in early afternoon trade. At 13:20 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 58.63 points or 0.21% at 27,926.91. The Nifty 50 index was currently down 12.85 points or 0.15% at 8,616.30. The Sensex was currently trading below the psychologically important 28,000 level. The Sensex was currently trading at the day's low. The barometer index rose 43.44 points or 0.15% at the day's high of 28,028.98 in morning trade. The Nifty lost 21.15 points or 0.24% at the day's low of 8,608 in early trade, its lowest level since 17 August 2016. The index rose 6.70 points or 0.07% at the day's high of 8,635.85 in morning trade. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was positive. On BSE, 1,266 shares rose and 1,209 shares declined. A total of 189 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.29%. The decline in this index was higher than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.14%, outperforming the Sensex. Tata Power Company edged lower after the company reported a sharp fall in bottom line in Q1 June 2016. The stock was down 2.85% at Rs 75.05. The company's consolidated net profit fell 76.09% to Rs 72.49 crore on 6.42% decline in total income to Rs 6790.58 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced during trading hours today, 23 August 2016. Most FMCG shares edged lower. Godrej Consumer Products (down 2%), Dabur India (down 1.22%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.94%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.67%), Marico (down 0.53%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.5%), Hindustan Unilever (down 0.46%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.21%) and Britannia Industries (down 0.2%), edged lower. Nestle India (up 0.49%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.64%) and Tata Global Beverages (up 1.12%), edged higher. Index heavyweight and cigarette major ITC was down 1.22% to Rs 250.95. The stock hit a high of Rs 254.80 and a low of Rs 250.50 so far during the day. Most capital goods shares declined. AIA Engineering (down 2.53%), GE T&D India (down 1.14%), Larsen & Toubro (down 1.06%), Siemens (down 0.98%), SKF India (down 0.62%), Havells India (down 0.61%), ABB India (down 0.43%), Bharat Electronics (down 0.33%), Lakshmi Machine Works (down 0.3%), Punj Lloyd (down 0.3%), ALSTOM India (down 0.24%), BEML (down 0.17%), Crompton Greaves (down 0.17%) and Thermax (down 0.1%), edged lower. Jindal Saw (up 0.61%), Suzlon Energy (up 0.61%), Reliance Defence and Engineering (up 2.39%) and Praj Industries (up 2.60%), edged higher. Shares of power equipment major Bharat Heavy Electricals (Bhel) lost 3.10% on reports that the company may lose a major power plant order from state-run NTPC. Reports suggested that NTPC is re-visiting its tender for four power plants of 1,000 megawatts (MW) capacity each for its Pudimadaka ultra mega power project. The bidding for the project was based on imported coal price, but NTPC is likely to call for fresh bids based on domestic coal price, as per reports. The tender was earlier awarded to Bhel, reports added. The order accounts for around 4% of Bhel's total order book, reports indicated. Reliance Infrastructure (RInfra) gained 1.80% after the company announced the successful completion of sale of its 100% shareholding in Reliance Cement Company to Birla Corporation. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 22 August 2016. Shares of Birla Corporation dropped 2.71%. The deal was announced by RInfra in February 2016 and has now been completed with transfer of shares and receipt of sale consideration. Reliance Cement Company Private Limited (RCCPL) has an integrated cement capacity of 5.08 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) at Maihar, Madhya Pradesh and Kundanganj Uttar Pradesh and a grinding unit of 0.5 mtpa at Butibori, Maharashtra. The deal valued the cement business at Rs 4800 crore at $140 per tonne. The deal is earning per share accretive for shareholders of RInfra. The entire proceeds shall be utilized for debt reduction. RInfra had announced its plan to monetise cement, roads and Mumbai power businesses to reduce the overall debt. The closure of cement deal is a significant milestone in this direction, the company said. Asset monetisation of roads and Mumbai power business is on track, RInfra said. In overseas stock markets, mining and financial sector stocks led gains in European stocks. In Germany, the DAX index was up 0.39%. Germany's flash August composite PMI fell to 2-month low of 54.4. Asian stocks witnessed a mixed trend as investors awaited a speech from Federal Reserve Chairwoman Janet Yellen later this week. In Japan, the Nikkei 225 Average closed 0.61% lower. The Nikkei flash Japan manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) rose to 49.6 in August from July's reading of 49.3. A reading above 50 signals an improvement, while one below 50 points to a contraction in activity. August's flash PMI shows a contraction for the sixth month in a row. In mainland China, the Shanghai Composite closed 0.16% higher. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng was currently off 0.35%. Chinese business confidence weakened in August after showing signs of stability in recent months, clouding investors' outlook on the world's second largest economy. The MNI Deutsche Borse Group business sentiment indicator declined to 54.3 in August from July's reading of 55.5. US stocks closed mostly lower yesterday, 22 August 2016, dragged down by energy shares on lower crude oil prices. Yellen's speech at the Kansas City Fed's annual Monetary Policy Symposium in Jackson Hole, Wyoming on Friday, 26 August 2016, may provide cues on the timing of the next rate hike from the Fed. Minutes from the Federal Open Market Committee's (FOMC) July meeting showed officials were split on whether an increase in interest rate was needed soon. Powered by Capital Market - Live News Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs HPL Electric & Power gets revision in credit ratings Bannari Amman Sugars gets High Court approval for scheme of amalgamation Pricol fixes record date for scheme of amalgamation Board of Bannari Amman Sugars announced recommends dividend Bodal Chemicals gets High Court approval for scheme of amalgamation [ more ] Top Stories Currency in circulation dips 20% in week ended Nov 18 Jan Dhan accounts see spurt in money flow after demonetisation Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod [ more ] Markets Intervention brakes rupee near record as $2.8 bn flees Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod [ more ] Companies Domestic stent maker SMT fights perception with new trial Airtel Payments Bank goes live with pilot project in Rajasthan Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Domestic stent maker SMT fights perception with new trial Oppn to organise mass protests on Monday Airtel Payments Bank goes live with pilot project in Rajasthan It's not Scotch, but Tasmanian whisky is flying off the shelves Govt reaches out to Oppn, indicates PM could intervene in demonetisation discussion [ more ] Today's Paper Domestic stent maker SMT fights perception with new trial Airtel Payments Bank goes live with pilot project in Rajasthan Splendor regains numero uno slot, overtakes Activa Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Tata Motors calls EGM to remove Mistry, Wadia [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGw3Q7 Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market briefing: UK markets finished lower yesterday, led by losses in mining and energy sector stocks Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:17 23 Aug 2016 Proactive Investors, August 23 2016 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished lower yesterday, led by losses in mining and energy sector stocks. Precious metal miners, Randgold Resources and Fresnillo declined 4.0% and 5.9%, respectively, as metals prices declined across the board. Other miners, Glencore, Antofagasta and Anglo American slid 2.2%, 3.5% and 4.0%, respectively. Oil majors, BP and Royal Dutch Shell shed 1.5% and 1.8%, respectively, on lower crude oil prices. On the brighter side, housebuilders, Berkeley Group Holdings, Barratt Developments and Taylor Wimpey advanced 2.5%, 2.8% and 3.5%, respectively. Travis Perkins gained 1.7%, after a leading broker reiterated its ‘Buy’ rating on the stock. British American Tobacco and Hikma Pharmaceuticals edged up 0.3% and 1.1%, respectively. Royal Bank of Scotland Group rose 0.4%, reversing its earlier losses. The FTSE 100 declined 0.4%, to close at 6,828.5, while the FTSE 250 marginally fell, to settle at 17,872.1. US Market Snapshot US markets ended mostly lower yesterday, with major indices Dow Jones and the S&P 500 closing in the red, as investors exercised caution ahead of the Federal Reserve Chairwoman, Janet Yellen’s speech scheduled at the end of the week. Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson and Apple shed 0.5%, 0.7% and 0.8%, respectively. Pfizer slid 0.4%, after it agreed to acquire the biotech firm, Medivation, 19.7% up, in a bid to add prostate-cancer drug to its portfolio. Bucking the trend, Intersil soared 19.8%, after Japan-based company, Renesas Electronics, stated that it is in talks to acquire the former company for about $3 billion. Valeant Pharmaceuticals International jumped 8.8%, as the drugmaker confirmed that it has appointed Paul Herendeen as its new Chief Financial Officer. The S&P 500 slipped 0.1%, to settle at 2,182.6. The DJIA shed 0.1%, to settle at 18,529.4, while the NASDAQ rose 0.1%, to close at 5,244.6. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed weaker yesterday, amid a decline in commodity producers. Getinge dropped 4.0%. The Swedish company fired its CEO, Alex Myers, due to disagreements related to future direction of the company. On the positive side, Syngenta surged 10.6%, after China National Chemical Corp received US national security clearance to acquire the Swiss seed maker in a deal worth $43.0 billion. Teleperformance jumped 9.0%, following its acquisition of the translation services company, LanguageLine Solutions LLC for $1.5 billion. Kingspan Group climbed 7.0%, as the insulation panels builder hiked its dividend after reporting an increase in its revenue and operating profit in the first half of 2016. The FTSEurofirst 300 index marginally declined, to close at 1,339.4. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 slid 0.5%, to close at 10,494.4, while the French CAC-40 shed 0.2%, to settle at 4,389.9. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly lower this morning. In Japan, auto exporters, Isuzu Motors, Honda Motor and Hino Motors have dipped 2.1%, 2.3% and 4.4%, respectively, amid broad strength in the Japanese Yen. On the contrary, Ono Pharmaceutical has surged 7.7%. There was news that the company’s blood cancer drug, Opdivo, will be available in the market this year. Peers, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, Astellas Pharma and Chugai Pharmaceutical have advanced 1.1%, 2.4% and 2.5%, respectively. In Hong Kong, energy producers, PetroChina and CNOOC have slipped 0.9% and 1.8%, respectively. In South Korea, index majors, Hyundai Motor and Samsung Electronics have gained 0.4% and 1.4%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 0.2% lower at 16,561.0. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.4% down at 22,917.3, while the Kospi index is trading 0.1% higher at 2,044.2. Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0330GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.96% or $0.47 lower at $48.69 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today. Yesterday, the contract declined 3.38% or $1.72, to settle at $49.16 per barrel, amid concerns over higher crude oil production by major players. Gold At 0330GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.25% or $3.30 higher at $1341.00 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.20% or $2.70, to settle at $1337.70 per ounce, amid speculations that the Fed would hike its interest rate sooner than anticipated. Currency At 0330GMT today, the EUR is trading 0.10% higher against the USD at $1.1331, ahead of the preliminary manufacturing and services PMI data for across Euro-zone for August, set to release in a few hours. Yesterday, the EUR marginally weakened versus the USD, to close at $1.1320. At 0330GMT today, the GBP is trading marginally higher against the USD at $1.3138. Investors will closely monitor US preliminary manufacturing PMI data for August, slated to release later today.  Yesterday, the GBP strengthened 0.47% versus the USD, to close at $1.3137. Meanwhile, in the US, Chicago Fed’s national economic activity index in July improved to a 12-month high. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices rose and pushed yields mostly lower, with investors shifting their focus to a highly anticipated speech by the Fed Chief, Janet Yellen, at the Jackson Hole meeting, starting later this week, to gauge the timing of next rate hike. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes fell 3 basis points to 1.55%, while yield on 2-year notes remained flat at 0.76%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield slid 5 basis points to 2.24%. Key Economic News Swiss M3 money supply climbed in July M3 money supply climbed 2.70% on a YoY basis, in July, in Switzerland. M3 money supply had recorded a revised rise of 2.30% in the previous month. US Chicago Fed national activity index registered a rise in July The Chicago Fed national activity index registered a rise to 0.27 in July, in the US, compared to market expectations of an advance to a level of 0.20. The Chicago Fed national activity index had registered a revised reading of 0.05 in the prior month. Canadian wholesale sales advanced more than expected in June On a MoM basis, wholesale sales recorded a rise of 0.70% in Canada, in June, more than market expectations for a rise of 0.10%. Wholesale sales had advanced by a revised 1.90% in the prior month. Japanese convenience store sales climbed in July On a YoY basis, convenience store sales climbed 0.30% in Japan, in July. In the prior month, convenience store sales had recorded a rise of 0.80%. Japanese manufacturing PMI registered a rise in August The flash manufacturing PMI recorded a rise to 49.60 in Japan, in August. Manufacturing PMI had registered a reading of 49.30 in the previous month. Japanese supermarket sales registered a rise in July In July, on a YoY basis, supermarket sales in Japan climbed 0.20%. In the previous month, supermarket sales had fallen 0.50%. Chinese MNI business sentiment index recorded a decline in August In China, the MNI business sentiment index recorded a drop to 54.30 in August, compared to a level of 55.50 in the previous month. Proactive Investors Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Topics Retail Content Marketing Data/Analytics Customer Experience Digital Direct Mail/Postal Email Mobile Omnichannel/Multichannel Social Media B2B Marketing DMNTech Resources Download Essential Guides eBooks Datamine: Latest Lists Whitepapers Jobs Directory Reprints & E-prints Subscribe Events Caples Awards DMN Awards DMN Connect Marketing Hall of Femme DMN 40 Under 40 Awards Webcasts DMN Facebook DMN Twitter DMN LinkedIn DMN Google Plus DMN Pinterest Archive Subscribe Log in | Register DMN > Sections > Topics > Marketing Strategy > 10 Most Marketable Athletes from the Olympics Alexander Neely, Reporter August 22, 2016 10 Most Marketable Athletes from the Olympics Share this content: facebook twitter linkedin google Email Print The Olympics is the breeding ground for the next and many famous pitchmen and women likely played their last games (Michael Phelps, Usain Bolt and Serena Williams) but a new crop of stars emerge. The 2016 Summer Olympics are officially over. The games provided some unforgettable performances and iconic moments that will live in the pantheon of sporting highlights forever. Michael Phelps ended his illustrious career with 28 Olympic medals, including 23 golds. Usain Bolt completed a triple-triple, by winning gold medals in three events in the past three summer Olympics. Simone Biles became what many are considering the “greatest gymnast of all time,” by winning five medals, four golds. These athletes and many like them were broadcast to an average of 27.9 million Americans each night, according to Nielsen ratings. It is time for marketers to take their positions in a race to nab the best faces for their best brands. Companies must consider popularity, looks, athleticism, personality and overall likeability when it comes to choosing the right athlete to market their products. DMN has taken these all into consideration and selected the ten best choices for companies. Marketers, on your mark, get set, go! Simone Biles USA 4 Gold, 1 Bronze When Mary Lou Retton called the four-foot, nine-inch Simone Biles the “greatest gymnast of all time,” it was an certified affirmation of what all who watched her knew. The 19-year old gymnast, whose face has become one of the more recognizable since the games began, currently has an endorsement deal with P&G. Sample Tagline: Success comes in all sizes Neymar Brazil Soccer Gold Who else but the savior of Brazilian soccer? The men's soccer Olympic gold medal game, between the home nation of Brazil and Germany, ended in a 1-1 tie, forcing the decision to be decided by a penalty shootout. After four successful takes each Germany's Nils Petersen missed, allowing Neymar to score the winning goal. A company couldn't ask for a better moment to market! The Barcelona FC player has endorsement deals with Nike, Red Bull, Panasonic, Konami and Gillette. Sample Tagline: Worth the wait Ashton Eaton USA Decathlon Gold The Greatest Athlete in the World. The nickname is bestowed upon those who win gold in the decathlon. And in Ashton Eaton's case, he's the greatest athlete for the second straight summer Olympics. The 28-year old has endorsement deals with P&G, Gillette and Visa. Sample Tagline: The master of all trades Claressa Shields USA 75-kilogram Gold The 21 year old boxer has “money in the making” written all over her brand. At the 2016 Summer Olympics, Shields made history by capturing a second gold medal by defeating the Netherland's Nouchka Fontijin in the women's middleweight (75-kilogram) division in a unanimous decision. Currently, Shields lacks any major endorsements deals. However, with the right company and right product, Shield can become a household name. Sample Tagline: Twice as nice Helen Maroulis USA 53-kilogram Gold The 24-year old American freestyle wrestler was a dark horse in the 2016 Summer Olympics 53-kilogram tournament and a dark horse for our marketing list. However, just like in the finals against wrestling legend Saori Yoshida, we expect Maroulis to be a major success in the marketing world. Sample Tagline: Driven by doubt Abbey D'Agostino & Nikki Hamblin USA and New Zealand 5000M No medals The U.S. and New Zealand started the 2016 Summer Olympics as competitors in the 5000m race. After the two collided and fell with 2,000m to go in the race, they became each other's motivators and the world's inspirators. The two runners have been honored with the Fair Play awards in the Olympic park in Rio. Sample Tagline: Never too competitive to be compassionate Pita Taufatofua Tonga Taekwondo No medal The Tongan flagbearer may have entered into the Olympics conversation because of his striking looks, but his excellent demeanor and good humor at being turned into a meme - not to mention his tolerance of some handsy NBC broadcasters -- could turn him into a great pitchman.   Tagline: Always be ready for the spotlight Katie Ledecky USA Swimming Four golds, one silver, two World Records Her  dominance dominated the International competition. She won X medals, but none were more impressive than her victory in the 800 meters. She bested the runner up  by 11.38 seconds,  driving sports publications to compare that victory to other great moments in sports. Tafline: What will you do with your 11 seconds? Mónica Puig Puerto Rico Women's Tennis Gold Medal Not only did Puig (mid-30s WTA ranking before the tournament began), upset the #2 player in the world for gold, it was Puerto Rico's only medal in the Rio games and Puerto Rico's first-ever gold medal. Tagline: It takes a nation Loading links.... Related Articles After Olympics, marketers train for next campaigns How Does Mobile Marketing Fit In? Related Topics Marketing Strategy Marketing Next Article in Marketing Strategy K-Y Goes Out of the Box Follow us on Twitter @dmnews Latest Jobs: More in Marketing Strategy Brands in the Time of Trump: A Running ... Who is boycotting whom and why, and which brands are staying out of the fray Patagonia to Donate 100 Percent of Black Friday ... American clothing company's Black Friday sales are estimated to reach $2 million Whose Customer Is It Anyway? What role should marketing play in sales enablement? Back to Top Insight on profitable data-driven marketing strategies. Connect with us: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Newsletters RSS Feeds Coverage News Features Topics DMNotes Case Studies Resources Advertise Social Events Directory Supplements Lists Editorial Calendar User Center Subscribe Jobs About us Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Haymarket Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form without prior authorization. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of Haymarket Media's Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Supermarket News Search: Buy SN Research Digital Edition About Contact Advertise Subscribe RSS Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close News Retail & Financial Online Retail Executive Changes Laws & Regulations Marketing Recommended Reading Store Design & Construction Issues & Trends The New Consumer Food Safety Health & Wellness Sustainability Organic & Natural Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Publix Ahold Delhaize Product Categories Bakery Beverage Center Store Dairy Deli Prepared Foods Meat Multicultural Nonfood & Pharmacy Private Label Produce & Floral Seafood Rankings & Research Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents Top 25 Global Retailers Disruptors 2015 SN Awards SN Research Upcoming Events White Papers & Studies Advertisement Home > Issues & Trends > Sustainability > GMA report highlights sustainability successes GMA report highlights sustainability successes Aug 24, 2016 EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The Grocery Manufacturers Association has released a new report highlighting examples of significant strides by Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola and other companies in managing and reducing waste, more efficiently using water and reducing air emissions. “Companies are working every day to find innovative ways to reduce their environmental footprint and preserve natural resources while providing consumers with high-quality products,” said Pamela G. Bailey, president and CEO of ... REGISTER TO VIEW THIS ARTICLE - Register for a Free Account Why Register for FREE? Registering for content on Supermarket News will give you INSTANT access to invaluable articles and media content that industry professionals rely on. You will have access to our special reports, feature articles, and industry analysis. It’s FREE, easy and quick.  What are you waiting for! In addition you will also receive complimentary access to the SN salary survey data tables.   Click here to read the FAQ page if you have any questions (opens in a new window)   Attention Paid Print Subscribers:  While you have already been granted free access to SN we ask that you register now. We promise it will only take a few minutes! Or visit your profile and add your print magazine account number and zip code. Register Already registered? Log In here. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 0 Post new comment Name: Sign In or register to use your Supermarket News ID Email: Your comment: * Advertisement Related Articles GMA to Gauge Shade Of Green   ‘Change’ Has Arrived   Wal-Mart to Teach Green Habits   Study Weighs Consumer Demand for Sustainability   Food Industry Grapples With Sustainability Issues   Latest News All hands on deck for Smart & Final holiday push Harps CEO Collins resigns, Eskew promoted Dollar Tree beats estimates in 3Q Self-checkout app adds convenience at California Fresh Market  C&K Market closing 2 stores, selling headquarters  more Advertisement Top Retailers Walmart Kroger Albertsons Publix Ahold USA Delhaize America Editor's Choice New value concept sweeps Harveys overnight    Reimagining Center Store    Wegmans, Price Chopper see benefits in full-service restaurants    Value-added and natural offerings drive pork sales    Retailers play up citrus    Advertisement Connect With Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Featured Products SN Top 75 List 2016 PDF BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Top 75 list. SN Fresh Foods Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Fresh Foods Survey. SN Center Store Survey 2016 BRAND NEW - Download the 2016 SN Center Store Survey. View CatalogView Shopping Cart Advertisement Navigate SupermarketNews.com News Top Retailers Product Categories Rankings & Research Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Contact Newsletters View Mobile Site Penton Magazine Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube LinkedIn RSS iPhone Search SupermarketNews.com Search: Supermarket News Penton Media Food Group and Related Sites NewHope360 MeetingsNet Nation's Restaurant News Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Bio-based Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET) Market Is Anticipated To Reach 5,800 Kilo Tons By 2020: Hexa Reports   View as PDF  Print View    Bio-based PET was predominantly used for the packaging of CSD (Carbonated Soft Drinks), accounting for more than 75% of market share in 2013. Felton, United States - August 22, 2016 /MarketersMedia/ -- Volatile crude oil prices and growing sustainable packaging market have fuelled bio-based PET market growth in packaging, automotive and electronic applications. Growing GHG emission concerns has fuelled demand for eco-friendly substitute, which is expected to boost Bio-based Polyethylene Terephthalate (PET) Market growth in the near future. Companies such as The Coca Cola Company, Heinz & Co., Ford Motors, Nike Co. and Proctor & Gamble have signed Plant PET Technology Collaborative (PTC), intended for development and use of 100% bio-based PET in their product offerings. These developments are expected to provide new market opportunities over the forecast period. Growing beverage consumption in emerging markets of BRICS is expected to drive bio based PET market growth. CSD marketing companies such as Coca-Cola are committed on promoting the use of bio-based PET in packaging, which is expected to have a major impact on market growth in the near future. Further key findings from the study suggest: Bio based PET is also used in technical applications such as electronics and automotive vehicles. Growing demand for lightweight material in automobiles is expected to propel bio-based plastics demand, resulting in bio-based PET market growth over the forecast period. Related Category Market Report @ United States Cenospheres Industry - http://www.hexareports.com/report/united-states-cenospheres-industry-2016/details Asia Pacific accounted for over 30% of global bio based PET demand in 2013. The Japanese government's target of 20% of bio-based plastics consumption by 2020 coupled with application growth of packaging and technical applications in China and India is expected to boost regional market growth over the next six years. European Commission has included bio-based production as a key priority area intended for increasing industry share in EU's GDP from 15% to 20%, which in turn is expected to provide new opportunities for the market in the near future. The market is expected to be highly competitive, on account of limited presence of manufacturers such as Coca-Cola Company, Toyota Tsusho and Teijin Limited. Raw material manufacturers including Gevo, Virent and Anellotech have invested in the development of fully bio-based PTA, intended for 100% bio-based PET production. Browse Our Latest Market Research Report @ Law Enforcement Robots Market - http://www.hexareports.com/report/law-enforcement-robots-market/details About Us: Hexa Reports is a market research and consulting organization, offering industry reports, custom research and consulting services to a host of key industries across the globe.We offer comprehensive business intelligence in the form of industry reports which help our clients obtain clarity about their business environment and enable them to undertake strategic growth initiatives. For more information, please visit http://www.hexareports.com/report/bio-based-polyethylene-terephthalate-pet-market-analysis-by-application-packaging-technical-consumer-goods-and-segment-forecasts-to-2020/details Contact Info: Name: Ryan Shaw Organization: Hexa Reports Address: Felton Office Plaza, 6265 Highway 9, Felton, California, 95018, United States Phone: 1-800-489-3075 Source: http://marketersmedia.com/bio-based-polyethylene-terephthalate-pet-market-is-anticipated-to-reach-5800-kilo-tons-by-2020-hexa-reports/128902 Release ID: 128902 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Dallas Clustered Cisco Firewalls Solution Boutique Data Management Site Launched (Wed 23rd Nov 16) Business Coach's New Book Guides Women Entrepreneurs to Success, December 2016 (Wed 23rd Nov 16) Steiner Technologies Launches World's Most Efficient Modular Back-Boring Tool (Wed 23rd Nov 16) Handmade Frog Lawn Ornament Launches On Palmategardening.com And Amazon.com (Wed 23rd Nov 16) Top Selling Play Food Set Offering Discount For A Limited Time (Wed 23rd Nov 16) Drug Addiction Treatment: More Health Insurance Options Are Now Available (Wed 23rd Nov 16) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center

Back to BERNAMA.com  | 24 November 2016 SMA Kajang Tops Pahlawan Planet Challenge By Farina Ashrin Ariffin KUALA LUMPUR, Aug 22 (Bernama) -- SMA Persekutuan Kajang has emerged as the top school in the first month recycling challenge for Pahlawan Planet, a green campaign by Treat Every Environment Special (TrEES) and Procter & Gamble Malaysia (P&G). Based on the highest average tonnage collected per student, SMA Persekutuan Kajang topped 34 other schools from across Kuala Lumpur, Selangor, Putrajaya and Negeri Sembilan with a total of 3,600 kg of recyclables, said the organisers in a statement. The 35 schools implemented their submitted proposals on innovative home-to-school recycling and advocacy campaigns, and collected a combined weight of 40,000 kg of recyclables in the first month. "The Pahlawan Planet campaign has brought together our teachers, students and families to take a personal and shared responsibility for the environment in school and at home," said SMAPK Principal, Mohd Abd Aziz Bin Mahmud. "This has been an outstanding opportunity for our students to understand how their individual and collective behaviour affects the environment and I encourage other schools to organise or participate in similar programmes in the future," he added in a statement. COMMITTED IN SUSTAINABILITY "We are committed to making sure sustainability is part of all we do. We want our brands to help consumers make more sustainable choices," said Communications & Government Relations Leader, P&G Malaysia, Singapore & Brunei, Nadiah Syed Nahar. "Students participating in the Pahlawan Planet campaign are learning the importance of not just caring for the environment but skills beyond the classroom. I look forward to seeing the positive impact of the overall campaign," she added. For their top contribution, SMAPK received 500 sets of exclusive recycling starter kits to further help students recycle and separate solid waste at home more effectively. Supported by the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Urban Wellbeing, Housing and Local Government, Pahlawan Planet campaign is designed by TrEES and P&G, for secondary school students to educate, cultivate and reinforce a culture of caring for the environment by embracing the 4Rs (Rethink, Reduce, Reuse and Recycle) at home and in school. --BERNAMA Tweet   Tweets by @lifestyle_youth © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 3.0 & Internet Explorer 7.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution.
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Circulars News and weather for: [change] Business Wednesday, Nov. 23, 2016    Last update: 2:37 p.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Blogs News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Bangor shop to feature rare items from Stephen King, J.R.R. Tolkien, J.D. Salinger Print Email Share Tweet Next Gabor Degre | BDN Gerald Winters is setting up shop in downtown Bangor where he will display and sell rare books, manuscripts and letters from authors. He will call the shop Gerald Winters & Son. Buy Photo Gabor Degre | BDN Gerald Winters is setting up shop in downtown Bangor where he will display and sell rare books, manuscripts and letters from authors. He will call the shop Gerald Winters & Son. Buy Photo By Nick McCrea, BDN Staff Posted Aug. 22, 2016, at 4 a.m. Last modified Aug. 22, 2016, at 5:24 p.m. Related stories CULTURE SHOCK: An uncorrected proof of ‘The Fellowship of the Ring’ and 4 other cool rarities at the new Bangor bookstore BANGOR, Maine — Downtown Bangor’s newest addition will be part museum, part private office and part store dealing in rare books and memorabilia from famous authors — including a vast selection from Bangor’s most famous resident. Gerald Winters, 44, is preparing to open Gerald Winters & Son on Main Street in the storefront that was formerly home to Bottles & Cans in downtown Bangor’s Standard Shoe Building. He hopes to open as soon as possible next month. “I’ve been selling privately for probably 18 years, but never publicly, never like this,” Winters said during a recent interview inside his shop. Winters — a former computer programmer who has worked for Procter and Gamble, the stock exchange, and the U.S. government — bought his first rare book at a Sotheby’s auction in New York City in 1998. He was hooked. Now, buying and selling rare books, manuscripts and letters is his career. Story continues below advertisement. He was raised in Australia, went to school in New York City, and has lived in Japan, Ireland and Thailand, among other places. In each place he’s lived, he’s acquired books. His collection, which he estimates exceed 5,000 books and other materials, has been in storage in locations across the globe, and he’s working to get the collection to Bangor. Winters will be displaying rare books, letters, proofs and manuscripts from a range of authors — Stephen King, J.R.R. Tolkien, George R.R. Martin, J.D. Salinger, James Joyce and others. He’ll also have affordable items, such as used paperbacks, movies and other memorabilia for sale. He’s also planning to start a weekend Tolkien reading group to get children interested in the “Lord of the Rings” author’s work. He ran a similar program for underprivileged children while he was a graduate student in New York City, he said. “At least if they’re here, people can come in and see them,” Winters said. The storefront also will serve as a base of operations and out-of-home office for his selling and buying of items, Winters said. Winters, his wife, and their 2-year-old son recently left Bangkok, where his wife’s family runs a business that sells pharmaceuticals and seafood, and set down roots in Bangor. Winters said the family decided to move back to the states because they didn’t want to raise their son in Thailand, and settled on Bangor after seeing it mentioned on a “top places to raise your family” listing. Winters, who has no Maine ties, recognized it as the home of one of his favorite authors — horror novelist Stephen King. That clinched it. The Winters started settling in Bangor in April. Winters had visited Bangor about a dozen times over the years to buy or sell rare King items from Bangor residents and the former Betts Bookstore, formerly owned by Stu Tinker who today runs King-themed tours around town. Winters struggled with reading as a young man, but when he was 26, he picked up a copy of “The Stand,” a post-apocalyptic fantasy novel published in 1978. “I devoured it,” Winters said. “I read it in a week.” He started reading more, collecting more. “He’s been a big influence in my life,” Winters said of King. “Probably of my favorite living writers, he’s the biggest in the world.” Follow Nick McCrea on Twitter at @nmccrea213.   Recommend this article SEE COMMENTS → Previous story:« This Maine family is baking its way to college savings with granola Next story:If you have to borrow, here’s how to do it smartly » News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Bath-built destroyer breaks down, towed out of Panama Canal Bangor police explain why woman not charged in possible hate crime assault St. Clair: $40M in private funds ‘go away’ if monument abolished Texas man summoned in Smyrna hit and run crash State police search for suspect in Smyrna hit-and-run ‘Hamilton’ and the implosion of the American left Where are the voices of indigenous people in the Thanksgiving story? Addiction is a disease, not a moral failing. Our policies should reflect that. A Cookbook full of Recipes and Memories Maine should be thankful for its legacy of environmental stewardship Freshman working hard, making impact for UMaine hockey team 5 Keys for Maine football’s off season Hampton University upends cold-shooting UMaine women Thirteen teams to participate in John Bapst preseason hockey tournament Ironman 70.3 event to be held in Old Orchard Beach next summer CATCHING HEALTH The story of a mother and her young son and their fight against Lyme Disease STATE & CAPITOL Maine officials aren’t sure what to make of Trump’s infrastructure plan yet FIDDLEHEAD FOCUS Pelletier Avenue controversy continues OUT THERE First big buck, and ‘My dad was there in spirit’ FIDDLEHEAD FOCUS Woman facing charges for using jailed boyfriend’s EBT card Residents, camp owners on Irving leased lots still waiting on development plans Belfast food truck owners moving up to full-scale downtown restaurant Fuel your holiday shopping spree with treats from these Bangor Mall-area eateries New magazine based in Deer Isle aims to captivate older hikers When your little boys grow up Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Culture Shock 5 Things To Do This Weekend, Nov. 25-27: Turkey for me, and turkey for you 5 Things To Do This Weekend, Nov. 25-27: Turkey for me, and turkey for you Made in Maine Maine woodworker rocks out with playable puzzles Maine woodworker rocks out with playable puzzles Recovery Rocks Please have faith in me and my recovery Please have faith in me and my recovery West of The Fields West of The Fields New music including Soulwax, Vaults, Sylvan Esso and Justice on this week's West Of The Fields podcast Shallow Reflections™ Maine men abandon wives, save marriages Maine men abandon wives, save marriages Slower Traffic The Best Things in Life are Free, including (sometimes) the Bus The Best Things in Life are Free, including (sometimes) the Bus Top Stories 2 hours ago Pantsuit Nation’s founder refuses to be defeated by Clinton’s loss Deer season keeping small butcher operations busy 22 mins ago Portland is moving forward with plan to create office to help immigrants 2 hours ago Bangor PD: AG’s office determines alleged assault not racially motivated Why Maine’s Electoral College rules were important this year 37 mins ago Maine Department of Corrections reviewing policies after transgender teen’s death 2 hours ago A Maine father’s proud moment: Son bags his first deer 3 hours ago The solution to hunger could be in Maine’s own back yard Similar Articles 10.18.2016 Gerald Winters and Son, new Stephen King-centric bookstore, opens in Bangor 8.22.2016 An uncorrected proof of 'The Fellowship of the Ring' and 4 other cool rarities at the new Bangor bookstore 10.27.2014 Los Angeles Times travel writeup highlights Stephen King's Bangor 11.10.2014 Stephen King through the years 11.8.2014 Stephen King talks about his writing process More in Business 22 mins ago  Portland is moving forward with plan to create office to help immigrants   Belfast food truck owners moving up to full-scale downtown restaurant   Scramble underway to assess impact of President-elect Trump’s global business empire   Changing US trade policy may not bring back jobs, but may raise sneaker prices   Canada accelerates plan to phase out coal power Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Skip to content Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Home Business News Company News Consumer News About Become a Contributor Contacts Editorial Gastar Exploration Closes Sale of Oklahoma Acreage Gastar Exploration shares were slightly higher on Monday as the company said it has closed the sale of certain non-core assets located in northeast Canadian... Pan American Silver Rallies 9% Pan American Silver shares rallied over 9% Tuesday morning after the mining company reported Q3 financial results that topped analyst estimates. The company swung to... Energy Stocks Trim Some of the Prior Declines Energy stocks were ending mixed today, with the NYSE Energy Sector Index sinking about 0.1% while shares of energy companies in the S&P 500 were... EnSync Surges 23% EnSync rose 23.1% in Friday’s afternoon trade after it reported financial results for fiscal Q1, with a wider-than-expected loss and revenue that topped analysts’ forecasts.... S&W Seed Posts Narrower Fiscal Q1 Loss Vs Street S&W Seed Company  fell 0.3% in Thursday’s after hours session after the company reported financial results for fiscal Q1, with a narrower-than-expected loss and revenue... Recent Business News Gastar Exploration Closes Sale of Oklahoma Acreage By Clifton Ray | November 21, 2016 Pan American Silver Rallies 9% By Clifton Ray | November 15, 2016 Energy Stocks Trim Some of the Prior Declines By Adrian Mccoy | November 14, 2016 EnSync Surges 23% By Darren Black | November 11, 2016 S&W Seed Posts Narrower Fiscal Q1 Loss Vs Street By Jon Wallace | November 10, 2016 View All Recent Business News ≫ Business News View More Business News Gastar Exploration Closes Sale of Oklahoma Acreage November 21, 2016 Gastar Exploration shares were slightly higher on Monday as the company said it has closed the... Pan American Silver Rallies 9% November 15, 2016 Pan American Silver shares rallied over 9% Tuesday morning after the mining company reported Q3 financial... Energy Stocks Trim Some of the Prior Declines November 14, 2016 EnSync Surges 23% November 11, 2016 S&W Seed Posts Narrower Fiscal Q1 Loss Vs Street November 10, 2016 Consumer Stocks Consolidating Gains Near Closing Bell November 08, 2016 Consumer News View More Consumer News HudBay Updates Technical Report of Constancia Mine in Peru November 21, 2016 HudBay Minerals Inc, a Canada-based mining company, said Monday that it has filed an updated technical... General Electric Unveils Cloud Software Agreement with Exelon November 15, 2016 General Electric unveiled an enterprise-wide software agreement with energy utility company Exelon (EXC) on Tuesday which... Bond Fallout Continues; Prices Hold Near January Levels November 14, 2016 UPS to Invest $196 Mln in Jacksonville Hub in Florida November 11, 2016 Michael Kors Slides 2% on Weak Q3 November 10, 2016 Another Strong Day for Technology Stocks November 08, 2016 Latest Articles Federated Investors To Acquire Investment Management Assets of Horizon Advisers LifeLock Hit Highest Level Since Feb 2014 AngloGold Ashanti Up 4% Michael Kors Holdings Lowers Earnings Outlook as Mall Traffic Slows Intersect ENT Posts Narrower-than-Expected Q3 Loss As Revenues Exceed Estimates Copyright © All rights reserved
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Companies turn to millenials to mentor baby boomer employees Millenials at work (iStock/Katie Martynova) Print Email Tribune News Service By Tribune News Service The Times-Picayune on August 23, 2016 at 11:49 AM comments Mentorship is getting turned on its head in today's multi-generational workplace. Technology has flipped traditional roles, and the younger workers now have a thing or two to teach the veterans. In boardrooms across the nation, "reverse mentoring" is taking root as baby boomer leaders seek out millennials to help them understand the latest in technology, social media and the fast-changing marketplace. "It's not that older generations aren't using technology — of course they're texting and on Facebook," said Debra Arbit, CEO of workplace consultant BridgeWorks. "But the fact that I got my first iPhone when I was a teenager is a very different thing than my mom, who learned how to text when she was 54." Boomer bosses also want to hang on to these younger workers, whose sense of work-life balance and loyalty don't match up with their own. Health care giant UnitedHealth Group sees value in turning the tables. The company, headquartered in suburban Minneapolis, rolled out a reverse mentoring program this summer that paired eight senior executives in its insurance division with eight millennials seen as "emerging leaders." The average age gap is 25 years. "For many of our leaders — outstanding thought leaders in their own right — their connection to the millennial generation is largely through their parenting skills," said Pete Church, vice president of human capital at UnitedHealthcare. "This becomes a fundamentally different kind of experience." UnitedHealth's insurance business is perceived as less innovative than its fast-growing health IT division, Optum. A reverse mentoring program could help executives see the business with fresh eyes but also shape a workplace that reflects the contrasting needs of the next generation. "We're switching roles because we have this business problem we're trying to solve," Church said. The concept of reverse mentoring has been kicking around a handful of Fortune 500 circles for some time, but it has been slow to gain momentum. Credit for bringing the practice to the United States often goes to retired General Electric CEO Jack Welch, who returned from an overseas trip in 1999 and ordered his top leaders to find a junior-level mentor to teach them computer skills. Now there's power in numbers. Millennials recently overtook baby boomers as the largest generation at work, and by 2020 they'll be more than half of the nation's workforce. Companies are taking a renewed interest in reverse mentorship as a business strategy. The Hartford, PwC, Cisco and Procter & Gamble are among the believers. Facebook, along with several nonprofits such as the National 4-H Council, have joined AARP's "Mentor Up" program. At Deloitte — where a reverse mentoring initiative began with young workers teaching older employees how to use email — the benefits flow both ways. "Junior professionals" gain more exposure to top leaders and build confidence, said Minneapolis managing partner Jeff Cotton. Baby boomers rose in the ranks of a hierarchical workplace, where they were told what to do. Millennials have been shaped by social networks, where everyone is on equal footing — they've been able to tweet the president since they were 12. They're comfortable giving advice, having been raised by boomer parents who consulted them on everything from how to set up the Wii console to what to eat for dinner and where to go on vacation, said BridgeWorks' Arbit, whose company helps businesses manage the generational divide. "Millennials have always been counselors at home," Arbit said. "And then they get to the workplace and they're never asked their opinion? It's such an immediate way to disengage this generation." It seemed to make a difference for Amanda Daeges, an attorney at U.S. Bank in Minneapolis. A few years ago, Daeges was tapped to join a group of millennials inside the bank known as the "Dynamic Dozen." Launched in 2009, the initiative draws workers in their 20s and 30s from across the company to tackle a yearlong project of their choosing aimed at serving millennial customers and younger employees. The project culminates with a formal presentation in the executive boardroom and a private lunch with U.S. Bank CEO Richard Davis. Was it stressful? "Of course!" said Daeges, now 37 and a vice president in the Minneapolis-based bank's legal department. "But they were very interested, and I felt like our opinion was valued and considered by them. When we finished our presentation, one senior leader said, 'That's so simple. Why aren't we doing this?' And we were just trying to contain the grins on our faces." - Jackie Crosby, Minneapolis Star Tribune, (c) 2016 Tribune News Service Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Business Names in the News Does your company have a recent hire, promotion, appointment or honoree to announce? See All » 30 Greater New Orleans business people making a move Submission Form » Active Discussions more in business Real Estate Transactions New Orleans Top Workplaces Auto Reviews Greater New Orleans Business News Local, small business, finance and economy news for greater New Orleans. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up! Please check your inbox, and approve the verification email. If you don't see it, check your spam folder. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
GoSearch FOX31 & Channel 2 TV Schedule Search Contact Us FOX31 Denver Menu News Traffic On FOX31 On Channel 2 CO Best Contests Community Sports Weather 44° 44° Low 31° High 52° Thu 21° 47° Fri 25° 60° Sat 23° 59° See complete forecast Broncos’ Von Miller named new ‘Old Spice guy’ for 2016 NFL season Posted 8:10 am, August 23, 2016, by Joe Dahlke, Updated at 08:11am, August 23, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email CINCINNATI – Denver Broncos superstar Von Miller has a new another endorsement. He will be the face of Old Spice for the 2016 NFL ads, the company announced on Tuesday. Miller will be featured in the brand’s Hardest Working Collection. Yep! This just happened. Repping the Hardest Working Collection for @OldSpice. pic.twitter.com/CdaWYGxD3V — Von Miller (@Millerlite40) August 23, 2016 “Between winning the Super Bowl, solidifying my status with the Broncos and being named the newest Old Spice guy, 2016 is shaping up to be quite a year,” Von Miller said in a statement. “We’re excited to welcome Von, one of the NFL’s top-performing players and unique personalities, to the Old Spice family,” said Janine Miletic, Old Spice Brand Director at Procter & Gamble said. Miller, who helped the Broncos win Super Bowl 50 in February, signed a six-year, $114.5 million contract with $70 million in guarantees just before training camp opened. (Photo via Old Spice) Filed in: Denver Broncos Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Live Streaming Newscasts Watch FOX31 Denver & Channel 2 on your computer, tablet or mobile phone here. Popular Federal judge blocks new overtime law from going into effect Dec. 1 Repo man pays-off elderly couple’s car after he tows it Mom says Tennessee school bus driver asked kids if they were ‘ready to die’, report says Denver Sheriff’s Department ordered pay $10,000 fine for discriminating against applicants who aren’t U.S. citizens Latest News This Trump hat ornament can be on your Christmas tree for $149 Woman dies after hostage situation in El Paso County Wednesday President-elect Donald Trump picks charter school advocate Betsy DeVos for Education secretary What to expect if you’re headed to Denver International Airport during Thanksgiving holiday week Denver Broncos Broncos’ Von Miller urges Madden NFL 17 players to ‘Start Me’ Denver Broncos Von Miller named AFC Defensive Player of the Month Denver Broncos News Von Miller visits students at Green Valley Ranch High School Denver Broncos Broncos’ Von Miller named AFC Defensive Player of the Week for third time Denver Broncos Von Miller surprises Geek Squad customers in Lone Tree Denver Broncos News Broncos linebacker Von Miller sues to block release of sex tape Denver Broncos News Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall takes knee during national anthem Denver Broncos Broncos’ Von Miller voted ESPN’s Midseason Defensive Player of the Year Denver Broncos Wide left: Broncos hold on to beat Panthers, 21-20, in thrilling opener Denver Broncos Broncos safety Justin Simmons named AFC Special Teams Player of the Week News Missing Montrose woman found safe Denver Broncos News Obama commutes drug sentence of grandmother of Broncos’ Demaryius Thomas News Woman missing since Sunday from Montrose County Mobile Apps iPhone: KDVR & KWGN App Android: KDVR & KWGN App iPhone: Pinpoint Weather App Android: Pinpoint Weather App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener KDVR Online Public File • KWGN Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 100 East Speer Blvd. Denver, Colorado 80203 • Copyright © 2016, KDVR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.

× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io Business Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World 2016 Elections Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Small business gets day in the sun Saturday 11-23 2:56 pm All the streets to avoid if you're driving in Norwich Saturday 11-23 2:13 pm Broken water main repaired in East Lyme 11-23 1:25 pm Alleged BB gun shooters face more than 80 charges in Old Saybrook 11-23 1:23 pm NFA to be honored as champion of Unified sports, clubs and classes 11-23 1:20 pm Q & A: Why Justice Dept. operates independent of White House 11-23 1:07 pm Police identify man injured when car hit scooter in New London 11-23 12:22 pm 5 Trump business ties that pose conflicts 11-23 11:35 am Washington state youth sue government over climate change 11-23 9:59 am Trump taps South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley for ambassador to U.N. 11-23 9:10 am Many Thanksgiving travelers hoping to leave politics behind 11-23 8:42 am Authorities: Man electrocuted while hanging holiday lights 11-23 8:36 am Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close Companies turning to ‘reverse mentoring’ to tap millennials’ knowledge Published August 23. 2016 7:10AM  By Jackie Crosby, Star Tribune MINNEAPOLIS — Mentorship is getting turned on its head in today's multigenerational workplace. Technology has flipped traditional roles, and the younger workers now have a thing or two to teach the veterans. In boardrooms across the nation, “reverse mentoring” is taking root as baby boomer leaders seek out millennials to help them understand the latest in technology, social media and the fast-changing marketplace. “It’s not that older generations aren’t using technology — of course they’re texting and on Facebook,” said Debra Arbit, CEO of workplace consultant BridgeWorks. “But the fact that I got my first iPhone when I was a teenager is a very different thing than my mom, who learned how to text when she was 54.” Boomer bosses also want to hang on to these younger workers, whose sense of work-life balance and loyalty don’t match up with their own. Health care giant UnitedHealth Group sees value in turning the tables. The company, headquartered in suburban Minneapolis, rolled out a reverse mentoring program this summer that paired eight senior executives in its insurance division with eight millennials seen as “emerging leaders.” The average age gap is 25 years. “For many of our leaders — outstanding thought leaders in their own right — their connection to the millennial generation is largely through their parenting skills,” said Pete Church, vice president of human capital at UnitedHealthcare. “This becomes a fundamentally different kind of experience.” UnitedHealth’s insurance business is perceived as less innovative than its fast-growing health IT division, Optum. A reverse mentoring program could help executives see the business with fresh eyes but also shape a workplace that reflects the contrasting needs of the next generation. “We’re switching roles because we have this business problem we’re trying to solve,” Church said. The concept of reverse mentoring has been kicking around a handful of Fortune 500 circles for some time, but it has been slow to gain momentum. Credit for bringing the practice to the United States often goes to retired General Electric CEO Jack Welch, who returned from an overseas trip in 1999 and ordered his top leaders to find a junior-level mentor to teach them computer skills. Now there’s power in numbers. Millennials recently overtook baby boomers as the largest generation at work, and by 2020 they’ll be more than half of the nation’s workforce. Companies are taking a renewed interest in reverse mentorship as a business strategy. The Hartford, PwC, Cisco and Procter & Gamble are among the believers. Facebook, along with several nonprofits such as the National 4-H Council, have joined AARP’s “Mentor Up” program. At Deloitte — where a reverse mentoring initiative began with young workers teaching older employees how to use email — the benefits flow both ways. “Junior professionals” gain more exposure to top leaders and build confidence, said Minneapolis managing partner Jeff Cotton. Baby boomers rose in the ranks of a hierarchical workplace, where they were told what to do. Millennials have been shaped by social networks, where everyone is on equal footing — they’ve been able to tweet the president since they were 12. They’re comfortable giving advice, having been raised by boomer parents who consulted them on everything from how to set up the Wii console to what to eat for dinner and where to go on vacation, said BridgeWorks’ Arbit, whose company helps businesses manage the generational divide. “Millennials have always been counselors at home,” Arbit said. “And then they get to the workplace and they’re never asked their opinion? It’s such an immediate way to disengage this generation.” It seemed to make a difference for Amanda Daeges, an attorney at U.S. Bank in Minneapolis. A few years ago, Daeges was tapped to join a group of millennials inside the bank known as the “Dynamic Dozen.” Launched in 2009, the initiative draws workers in their 20s and 30s from across the company to tackle a yearlong project of their choosing aimed at serving millennial customers and younger employees. The project culminates with a formal presentation in the executive boardroom and a private lunch with U.S. Bank CEO Richard Davis. Was it stressful? “Of course!” said Daeges, now 37 and a vice president in the Minneapolis-based bank’s legal department. “But they were very interested, and I felt like our opinion was valued and considered by them. When we finished our presentation, one senior leader said, ‘That’s so simple. Why aren’t we doing this?’ And we were just trying to contain the grins on our faces.” Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Fire destroys three cars in Electric Boat parking lot 2 New London housing director out, interim named 3 The less educated elected Trump? 4 Authorities: Man electrocuted while hanging holiday lights 5 Movie star sub home in time for Thanksgiving 6 Pawcatuck restaurant to close next month 7 Trump’s secret supporters come clean, now that the election is over 8 Police: Teen tosses homemade glue stick explosive at teacher 9 New London police arrest 4 on drug-related charges 10 Connecticut College student charged in crash that seriously injured scooter driver MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Whalers past and present share Thanksgiving memories 2 NFA Thanksgiving football preview 3 USS Dallas, home in time for Thanksgiving 4 WiredZone: New London 34, Waterford 6 5 Kyle Cardoza, not your average linebacker MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 The less educated elected Trump? 72 2 Osten outraged over MGM-sponsored party some saw as misogynistic 58 3 Connecticut College student charged in crash that seriously injured scooter driver 37 4 Trump win leads to school removing U.S. flag 36 5 New London housing director out, interim named 23 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
India obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu GROOMING TIPS In the land of roadside barbers, a startup wants men to spend big on a good shave Written by Suneera Tandon August 23, 2016 Quartz india Grooming them all! (Reuters/Rupak De Chowdhuri) Share Written by Suneera Tandon August 23, 2016 Quartz india In a country of roadside barber shops and ubiquitous Gillette razors, a former McKinsey associate has traveled all the way to China and back to give Indian men a classy shave. Bombay Shaving Company started in August 2015 by Shantanu Deshpande (28), wants to sell razors, shaving gels and balms online in India’s Rs7,500-crore male grooming market. His competition includes multinational and homegrown behemoths such as Gillette, Emami, and Godrej Consumer Products. It’s a tall order. But Deshpande, who spent some four years working with the country’s leading consumer goods companies in his consulting days, is convinced that more and more Indian men want to look good, and few brands are helping them do so. “They are on Tinder and matrimonial websites, and they are taking more selfies than ever and they need to look well groomed,” he explained. So the Bombay Shaving Company has floated a nifty shaving kit that is exclusively sold online and currently costs about Rs3,000. It includes a shaving cream, pre-shave scrub, balm, blades—which should together last around 60-75 shaves—and a razor and brush. The latter two are being pitched as a one-time buy. That’s not a cheap upfront cost when compared to Gillette’s razor, which is priced anywhere between Rs22 and Rs500 or more, plus the additional cost of blades. Nonetheless, since it first began selling in July 2016, the company has picked up 1,350 subscribers online. In the next six months, Deshpande hopes to add 25,000 subscribers. They’ve also managed to line up a group of investors. Last August, just after Deshpande quit McKinsey, two dozen individual investors backed him with seed funding of Rs4 crore. Shaving off the monopoly For years, Indian men were mostly ignored by consumer goods companies. Those days seem to be over. In fact, male-grooming is one of the fastest-growing consumer segments in India, Nielsen said in a research report in April 2015. The big drivers are the emergence of men’s fairness creams, sunscreens, and beer shampoos by companies such as L’oreal, Emami, and Marico. The boom isn’t simply because Indian men want to appeal to the opposite sex. “Good grooming, they (Indian men) believe, is conducive to boosting self-confidence,” Nielsen suggests. Amid this boom, the Bombay Shaving Company is looking to close the gap between cheap brands and high-end products, especially for consumers in urban markets who are willing to pay more. “Yes, it is a premium brand,” said Deshpande, adding that his target consumer is the “discerning Indian male, who has an inclination for doing things right or being mindful in all his activities.” Except there’s one problem: Gillette, owned by American multinational Proctor & Gamble, controls majority of the Indian shaving market. “That’s a huge, huge monopoly by one brand. We can enter the shaving market and be a second or third best,” said Deshpande. The right razor The idea of men’s online grooming brand isn’t entirely new. With more men around the globe spending more time and money on looking better, new-age brands have emerged. Take, for instance, the Dollar Shave Club in the US, started in 2011, which was recently bought over by Unilever for $1 billion. In 2015, the American company clocked a turnover of $150 million selling low-priced razors as an alternative to Gillette and Schick. In India, however, building a similar male-grooming company isn’t easy. One of the biggest challenges that Deshpande faced was finding the right razor. Gillette manufacturers most of the razors that it sells in India. So, Deshpande spent eight months looking for the right option to manufacture the razor—designed by the team in-house, which he chanced upon in Guangzhou, China, after posting a query on Chinese e-commerce website Alibaba. In a segment dominated by mass-market products, “niche brands or products like these can become popular but it is not to say that they will replace or become very dominant in the market,” reckoned Ankur Bisen, vice-president, retail and consumer products, at consulting firm Technopak Advisors. “So they will have a restrictive model or consumer base at last as they start out, but there is a market for consumers who are well-traveled and understand global trends who are willing to experiment,” added Bisen. Deshpande understands the importance of being more accessible. “We will go down the value chain, not just yet. We want to build aspiration around the brand,” he said. Bombay Shaving Company eventually plans to convert online sales into a large off-line business. Deshpande, who is ready for a series A, to secure a larger tranche of funding post the seed capital, seems prepared for a long battle with the big consumer goods companies. All this for a well-groomed man. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Robert Clements Real giving..! Articles The roots of S Korea’s corruption culture Articles Terrorism in Pakistan: Root causes Articles NSG & strategic stability in S Asia Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Economy Watch Why some dreams never get delivered? Economy Watch Why some dreams never get delivered? By Webmaster - August 23, 2016 0 223 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Saad Amanullah Khan I have set a daunting vision and targets, but no one is excited and committed in delivering them, what do I do?” said an entrepreneur leading a small business in Lahore, Pakistan. How many times have we heard this desperate message coming from people who are passionately driven by a vision, a dream, or an innovative hypothesis? Their inability to convert their ideas into a workable product or service and their helplessness to commercialize and monetize its benefits, is extremely frustrating and debilitating. If we assume for a minute that the visionary has confirmed the following: a) the product or service idea they have envisioned is viable; b) the concept has been tested via field surveys, personal interviews and focus groups and holds water; and c) strategies have been identified and are sound and based on market data and experiences. Then the question that begs to be answered is “Why do so many business start-ups fail?” The primary reason for such business plans to fail is because ‘organization excellence’ is missing in that team or from that entire firm. What many people miss out is that delivering a vision is not all about envisioning and selecting the right strategies and tactics. Factors such as human interaction, level of trust within the organization, tone at the top, inherent business savvy culture, value systems and other organizational aspects are equally important to help deliver a vision. Always remember that a vision in isolation has no value and no likelihood of turning into reality if it is not supported by a strong conducive culture nurtured by committed and dedicated leaders. I have realized over time that in majority of cases where leaders have failed to step change the business, the reasons had more to do with ignoring the “smell of the place” rather than lack of robust strategies and plans. What is organizational excellence? Organizational excellence takes root when the culture of an organization displays high level of discipline, trust, collaboration and behaviour that is value driven. As Jim Collins says very eloquently in his book “Good to Great”, that in order to move from being a good company to a great company, one of the requirements is to have a culture of discipline. Try to hire and fill the organziation with self-disciplined people who are willing to go to extreme lengths in order to fulfill their responsibilities. A disciplined culture is one that is rigorous, not ruthless, with rigor starting at the top. Discipline is necessary in everything that is happening within a company, whether it is in delivering strategies or in managing subordinates, in organizing meetings or interacting with customers, it is totally holistic. To me an ideal culture will have trust in abundance at every level of the organization and in every team and in every relationship. Each employee’s DNA willbe programmed to deliver excellence and peak performance in whatever they do. This kind of culture cannot be created overnight and has to be nurtured, protected and developed over years. Leadership has to be consistent and disciplined in their approach so that over time you can drive this into the character and DNA of each and every employee just like what Darwin meant when he coined the concept of “natural selection”; that is over time only the best and those who believe in that company’s philosophy of excellence will survive. And once that has been achieved, then the sky is the limit as no person or competition can stand in the way of such an organization. Three concepts are vital when it comes to an organization’s ability to drive excellence. They are building trust, moving out of your comfort zone, and inculcating stretch mentality. Lets take one at a time: Building Trust: Presence of trust within an organization and between the organization and its partners, suppliers, distributors, etc. is the foundation on which sustainable success is built. In my 30 odd years with P&G and Gillette, trust was one thing that stood the test of time and never wavered. Productivity and commitment of employees grows many folds if there is trust between them and their bosses, between the company and its consumers and customers. Remember that trust is a very valuable commodity and does not come easily. It takes years and even decades to build but can be destroyed in a matter of seconds. But once it is entrenched in a company’s culture and daily interaction that its probability of success surges considerably. If you are a business owner, do ask yourself the following question: “What is the level of trust in my company between the various stakeholder?” Whatever level you find, work towards enhancing trust because every notch that you enhance trust, it positively impacts success of your business. Remember you may have the best insights and strategies to drive business growth, but lack of trust in the organization has a funny way of short-circuiting your business efforts Moving out of your Comfort Zone: Comfort zone is a psychological state where a person, a team or an organization are in a comfortable, risk-free and relaxed state. When someone is in the comfort zone, they only do activities that they are comfortable with. They do not push themselves, their mind, their bodies or their spirits to discover or test new concepts that they are unsure or uncertain about. By staying in this zone they lose out on numerous opportunities that come knocking on their door. To succeed in your business and even in life in general, you must walk out of your comfort zone. If you want to achieve something interesting or memorable in life you must take risks, you must test new ideas and for that you have to leave your comfort zone. Same fact is true in case of a leader, if he does not challenge his and his teams comfort zone that business will never be able to grasp new opportunities and capitalize on new prospects. Inculcating Stretch Mentality: Stretch mentality was popularized by General Electric Corporation (GE) when they referred to their business plans as stretch goals. Stretch goals refer to business goals that are not yet possible but in order to achieve them the team has to think hard, they have to think innovatively and holistically. By setting stretch goals you make them walk out of their comfort zone and indirectly force them to come up with better and improved solutions to their challenges. In my career at P&G and later at Gillette, I have used stretch goals to inspire and drive behavior where my teams literally delivered audacious goals on several occasions. This was made possible by creating the right atmosphere such as encouraging a ‘can do’ attitude and positive thinking. I saw fresh ideas and radical thinking emerging and a definite shift in the organization’s culture towards willingly handling difficult challenges. The critical point to note when driving organizational excellence is that management plays a critical role by their actions, their attitude and their visible leadership. The culture at the end is an accumulation of the entire employee behaviors that ultimately brings together a distinct positive culture to life. Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articlePreparations in final phase to launch Shale gas, oil pilot project Next articleSECP approves corporate governance code Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Economy Watch Dar directs implementation of Ease of Doing Business Reform Strategy 2016 Economy Watch E-Commerce potential in Pakistan economy Economy Watch KSE-100 gains 192 points amid improved volumes Digital Newspaper Social Diary 46th National Day of Sultanate of Oman Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director Marketing: Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Contact Us Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES CDNS collects Rs65b by Oct 14 October 24, 2016 Jordan’s ICT tycoon keen to invest in Pak’s IT, ICT, IPR October 20, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Red Cross Sounds Alarm: Financial Donations Urgently Needed to Aid Louisiana Relief Effort Could Cost at Least $30 million; 3,000 Still in Shelters News provided by American Red Cross Aug 22, 2016, 16:53 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Aug. 22, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Red Cross remains on the ground, with volunteers across nearly half of the state of Louisiana helping the thousands of people who have lost everything they own in the devastating flooding last week. But the relief organization reports a significant gap in funds raised. To date, the Red Cross has received approximately $7.8 million in donations and pledges designated to support Louisiana – not nearly enough to cover the estimate of at least $30 million in costs. Continue Reading Red Cross workers distribute hot meals in Eunice, St. Landry Parish, Louisiana. Red Cross photo by Marko Kokic Harry Tyler receives relief supplies from the Red Cross in Eunice, St. Landry Parish, Louisiana. Red Cross photo by Marko Kokic "This intense storm wasn't given a name, but it affected as many as 110,000 homes in Louisiana and has changed countless lives forever," said Brad Kieserman, vice president, Disaster Services Operations and Logistics for the Red Cross. "The situation in Louisiana remains critical. People need help, and they need it now. The Red Cross is providing for immediate needs like food and shelter, and will be there during the clean-up and recovery." "The last time this country saw a disaster this devastating was Superstorm Sandy in 2012," Kieserman said. "Today, we are sounding the alarm to urge people to make a financial donation to help our friends and neighbors in Louisiana." Learn more here how the Red Cross is giving people a place to go when there is no place to go through the words of one woman who has lost everything. More than 1,900 Red Cross workers from all 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico are supporting the relief effort, along with hundreds of local residents. In addition to providing food and shelter, Red Cross volunteers are providing emotional support to help people cope. Health services volunteers are monitoring the health needs of people in shelters and replacing things like lost wheelchairs, eyeglasses and medications. It's been more than a week since the floodwaters destroyed and damaged thousands of homes and together with local, state and national partners, the Red Cross has already: Served more than 260,000 meals and snacks. Distributed more than 60,000 relief items. Provided more than 40,000 overnight stays in emergency shelters. Sunday night almost 3,000 people were still seeking refuge in 19 Red Cross and community shelters. Handled more than 17,000 calls from people seeking information and help. HOW TO HELP Help people affected by the Louisiana Floods by visiting redcross.org, calling 1-800-RED CROSS or texting the word LAFLOODS to 90999 to make a $10 donation. Donations enable the Red Cross to prepare for, respond to and help people recover from these disasters. CORPORATIONS HELP The generous donations from members of the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and the Disaster Responder Program enable the American Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters big and small, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process. ADGP $1 Million members are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Boise Paper; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx Corporation; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe's Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Merck Foundation; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP℠ Vision care for life; and Walmart and the Walmart Foundation. ADGP $500,000 members are: Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; Grainger; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; Medtronic; Meijer; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Prudential Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; Visa; Wawa; and Wells Fargo. Disaster Responder Program members are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; General Motors Foundation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Interstate All Battery Center; Land O'Lakes, Inc.; MetLife Foundation; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; PSEG Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; Red Heart Yarns; ScriptRelief; Sealed Air; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; U.S. Bank; and U-Haul International. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation's blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross.   Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160822/400212 Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160822/400213 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090108/RedCrossLOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/red-cross-sounds-alarm-financial-donations-urgently-needed-to-aid-louisiana-300316594.html SOURCE American Red Cross Related Links http://www.redcross.org Aug 31, 2016, 15:07 ET Preview: Red Cross Mobilizes Disaster Relief Efforts Coast-to-Coast Aug 19, 2016, 15:20 ET Preview: Red Cross Work in Louisiana Just Beginning; Donations needed; Relief could cost at least $30 million My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 18, 2016, 06:00 ETHoliday Travel: Red Cross Urges Safety As Millions Take to the... Nov 17, 2016, 15:02 ETThe American Red Cross Urges You to Bring Hope and Help this... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Corporate Social Responsibility Not For Profit You just read: Red Cross Sounds Alarm: Financial Donations Urgently Needed to Aid Louisiana News provided by American Red Cross Aug 22, 2016, 16:53 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Mittwoch, 23.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 3 Emerging Trends Impacting the Global Personal Care Appliances Market Until 2020, by Technavio 22.08.2016 | 20:23 (13 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 3 Emerging Trends Impacting the Global Personal Care Appliances Market Until 2020, by Technavio Technavio's latest report on the global personal care appliances marketprovides an analysis on the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2016-2020. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline. In 2015, 34% of total sales were made through specialty retailers, making it the largest retail channel by the value of sales for personal appliances at the global level. "It is important to note that the fastest growing retail channel for personal care appliances is the online retail format. The recent launch of Gillette Shave Club in mid-2015 is enabling Gillette to regain online share and compete with rivals such as Dollar Shave Club. More players are seen entering the online space through independent online clubs, apart from selling their products through third-party pure-play online retailers like Amazon," says Poonam Saini, a lead analyst at Technavio for research on retail goods and services The top three emerging trends driving the global personal care appliances market according to Technavio consumer and retail research analysts are: Frequent travelers fuel demand for travel-size appliances Trend of smart personal appliances Focus on specific target customers to increase presence Frequent travelers fuel demand for travel-size appliances With the increased frequency of traveling nowadays, the demand for travel-size appliances is on the rise. Individuals generally prefer using their own personal appliances during traveling, be it a trimmer, epilator, or a hair care appliance such as a dryer or a styler. Carrying a small electric tool such as a trimmer or an epilator is beneficial on-the-go. Heating elements like hair dryers and curling irons are also commonly carried by consumers while traveling. To address this need for travel-size appliances, vendors are increasingly focusing on launching different travel kits. Braun launched its Braun M90 shaver, named aptly as the mobile shaver as it looks like a mobile handset. Philips Norelco PQ208/40 is another efficient travel shaver. The electric razor weighs 5.6 ounces and is just one inch in length, and operates via two AA batteries. This light weight makes it an easy appliance to carry while on the go. Panasonic Men's Razor for Travel ES-RS10-S is another shaver built exclusively for travelers. Trend of smart personal appliances Vendors are capitalizing on the trend of consumers switching to technologically advanced products. For instance, the French company Kolibree launched a smart power toothbrush that can connect to smartphones via Bluetooth. The toothbrush has 3D motion sensors and was designed with the help of qualified dental professionals. Its handle comes equipped with an accelerometer, magnetometer, and a gyro meter to keep the user informed about the position and orientation of the brush. This ensures that the brush reaches all sections of the mouth to thoroughly clean it. "The toothbrush also uses game mechanics to motivate people, especially children, to brush for the right duration. Also, the manufacturer has provided an open application program interface for the creation of more mobile apps, which can be synced to the brush for a better brushing experience," adds Poonam. P&G's Oral-B also launched a power toothbrush with Bluetooth 4.0 capabilities. The brush provides its users with the real-time information on brushing patterns. The introduction of smart toothbrushes shows how the Internet of Things (IoT) trend is impacting manufacturers to come up with smart appliances. Focus on specific target customers to increase presence Vendors are now launching products keeping in mind the specific target audience a strategy that will help them enhance their presence in both developed and developing markets. For instance, in India, where over 40% of the population is young, hair care products and grooming kits have registered an increase in demand in recent times. In 2015, Philips India launched two new products in its male grooming and beauty range segments keeping in mind the Indian target audience. Designed especially for the youth in the emerging markets that lie outside the metro areas, Philips Pro Skin Trimmer-BT1000 and Philips Selfie Straightener HP8302 offer consumers the freedom to style at their convenience. These gadgets are designed to give the youth the best styling technology at an affordable price. Philips Pro Skin Trimmer-BT1000 and Philips Selfie Straightener HP8302 are designed specially to meet the evolving needs of casual and DIY styling for young men and women across all emerging towns and cities. Browse Related Reports: Global Maternity Personal Care Products Market 2016-2020 Global Personal Care Ingredients Market 2016-2020 Global Organic Personal Care Products Market 2015-2019 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160822005396/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
GoSearch Replay: News at Noon News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Politics Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 51° 51° Low 42° High 55° Thu 46° 62° Fri 46° 63° Sat 40° 59° See complete forecast Speedo USA drops sponsorship of Ryan Lochte Posted 11:39 am, August 22, 2016, by Web Staff and CNN Wire, Updated at 02:07pm, August 22, 2016 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Speedo is ending its sponsorship of Olympic gold medalist and swimmer Ryan Lochte, the company announced Monday. Speedo tweeted the following statement on Monday: Speedo USA today announces the decision to end its sponsorship of Ryan Lochte. As part of this decision, Speedo USA will donate a $50,000 portion of Lochte’s fee to Save the Children, a global charity partner of Speedo USA’s parent company, for children in Brazil. While we have enjoyed a winning relationship with Ryan for over a decade and he has been an important member of the Speedo team, we cannot condone behavior that is counter to the values this brand has long stood for. We appreciate his many achievements and hope he moves forward and learns from this experience. The 32-year-old sparked an international controversy over a robbery that turned out to be a made-up story. Lochte issued a statement on Friday where he apologized for his “behavior,” citing language barriers and being out late in a foreign country as contributing factors to the international incident. Even without the scandal, Lochte went to Rio with fewer sponsors than he had in London, when he was endorsed by companies like Gatorade, Nissan, Mutual of Omaha and P&G. Ralph Lauren also announced Monday it would not renew its sponsorship contract with the 12-time Olympic medalist. Even without the incident, Lochte’s endorsement deals may have been hurt by the fact that his teammate Michael Phelps stole some of his thunder when he came out of retirement to go to Rio and hinted that this could be his last Olympics. For Lochte, picking up endorsements isn’t just about prestige — sponsor funding will be key if he wants to compete at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. His teammate Phelps was in a similar spot when a photo of him smoking a bong surfaced and he was then charged with DUI. He initially lost sponsors, but he won new ones after going to rehab and appearing sorry for his actions. RELATED:  Ryan Lochte issues statement, says ‘I am sorry’ Brazil police: Swimmers covered up act of vandalism Gas station video proves swimmers were vandals, not robbery victims: Brazil police Filed in: Sports Topics: 2016 Olympics, Olympics, ryan lochte Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular Heinz recalls gravy just days before Thanksgiving Elizabeth City woman sentenced to 11 years in prison for cocaine and marijuana conspiracy Mural honoring military forces removed from Virginia Beach Oceanfront hotel New federal overtime rule goes into effect Dec. 1 and it could affect you Latest News Carving a turkey the right way on Coast Live Help for those still reeling from Hurricane Matthew on Coast Live Justin Bieber accused of punching fan U.S. Air Force Sgt. surprises family in time for Thanksgiving. News Sports Ryan Lochte endorsements could be in trouble News Ryan Lochte issues statement, says ‘I am sorry’ News Ryan Lochte charged by Brazilian authorities News Gas station video proves swimmers were vandals, not robbery victims: Brazil police News Sports Before there was Ryan Lochte, there was Troy Dalbey News Rio Police hold press conference after questioning U.S. Olympic swimmers News Brazil police: Swimmers covered up act of vandalism News Audience members crash Ryan Lochte’s debut on ‘Dancing with the Stars’ News Sports So long, Michael Phelps! Swim legend wins 23rd Olympic gold News Ryan Lochte will be suspended 10 months, source says News Broadcaster excitedly calls entire race for Ryan Lochte, not Michael Phelps after ‘mixing up lanes’ News Sports Townley Haas returns to Richmond with Olympic gold News Sports Ryan Lochte, 3 other U.S. swimmers robbed at Rio Olympics Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2016, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Pfizer to acquire cancer drug maker Medivation, an... CBS This Morning Thanksgiving travel by car CBS This Morning Thanksgiving travel rush CBS This Morning Trump softens positions CBS This Morning Tennessee school bus tragedy CBS This Morning Presidential Medal of Freedom CBS This Morning Trump's conflicts of interest? CBS This Morning Car seat failures CBS This Morning Target CEO on holiday shopping Trending Why Apple is getting in on the Black Friday action Trending That aloe vera gel might not actually include any aloe Trending No use spinning this story: Turntables are back Trending You know this baby – now she’s 90 Trending Toyota recalling 744,000 minivans in U.S. for sliding door danger Trending Donald Trump can get a tax break for his Trump U settlement Trending Sad toy story: hottest holiday items already in short supply Trending Company holiday parties are getting festive again Trending Who's open, who's closed for Thanksgiving Day shopping Trending How not to go bust during holiday shopping Trending The billion-dollar Obamacare business with Trump family ties Trending Commentary: Save the CFPB, Mr. President-elect By Jonathan Berr MoneyWatch August 22, 2016, 8:50 AM The Ryan Lochte problem for Olympic endorsements Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Last Updated Aug 22, 2016 11:21 AM EDT Editor’s note: Speedo announced Monday morning it was ending its sponsorship of Ryan Lochte as did Ralph Lauren and Airweave mattresses. As the scandal centered on swimmer Ryan Lochte’s false claims of being robbed at gunpoint in Rio illustrates,  matching Olympic champions with Fortune 500 brands can be a crap shoot putting companies in an uncomfortable spot when the relationship comes apart. Both Ralph Lauren (RL) and Speedo, the swimwear company,  announced that they were ending their sponsorship agreements with Lochte.  Airweave mattresses founder and CEO Motokuni Takaoka, who previously told Bloomberg News, that Lochte “will remain the U.S. ambassador for Airweave as long as our partnership agreement remains effective” had a change of heart.  “After careful consideration, we have made the decision to end our partnership with Ryan Lochte,” a spokeswoman for the Japanese company said in an email.  Even though Lochte has since publicly apologized for what he called his “intoxicated”  and “immature” behavior,   corporate America probably won’t be interested in doing business with him in the future, according to sports marketing experts.  The Olympian also faces possible sanctions from U.S. Olympic Committee and USA Swimming. Play Video CBS Evening News Ryan Lochte issues apology for Rio robbery story Olympic swimmer Ryan Lochte apologized for a gas station incident in Rio that earned him embarrassing headlines in tabloids across America. Ben T... “Lochte has damaged his brand irreparably, created an international incident and proven how stupid he is,” said sports marketing expert Bob Dorfman, executive creative director at Baker Street Advertising. “No sponsor wants to attach their name to an athlete like that. What’s more, at 32 his Olympic career was already over after Rio. Would’ve been hard for him to stay top of mind, even if hadn’t instigated LochteGate.” For the current crop of elite Olympic athletes seeking to cash in on their athletic success, the most challenging race begins after the hoopla from the Rio games dies down. According to sports marketing expert Joe Favorito, about 100 to 150 Olympians are associated with brands, a huge increase from the 15 to 20 with endorsements in the recent past.   “Brands are focused on what the return is compared with what they’re spending,” said Favorito, who also teaches at Columbia University. “Are there going to be opportunities in the millions for some? Maybe. I would say more it’s in the hundreds of thousands or thousands.” Indeed,  Michael Phelps reportedly earned $12 million in endorsement income last year, thanks to deals with Under Armour (UA),  Procter & Gamble (PG),  Hilton (HLT​) and Louis Vuitton among others. The 31-year-old, who has won more Olympic medals than anyone in history, is known to 64 percent of the public, according to Q Scores, which measures how celebrities resonate with the public. Play Video CBSN Michael Phelps' game face becomes viral meme Does Michael Phelps' game face look more like a death stare? CBSN's Vladimir Duthiers has more. In addition, he has a positive Q Score of 19, indicating the percentage of the general public considering him to be one of their favorite athletes. His money-making potential seems boundless when public appearance fees are considered. “I would think his deal with Under Armour might be similar to what Nike (NKE​) has with Michael Jordan,” Dorfman said. “Does Under Armour come out with a line of Michael Phelps swimwear?’ What about seemingly superhuman sprinter Usain Bolt? According to Q Score, fewer Americans had heard of the Jamaican before the Olympics, finding that just 38 percent knew of Bolt, but 20 percent considered him to be among their favorite athletes. Forbes Magazine estimates that Bolt, who has captured gold medals in the last three Olympics in both the 100 and 200 meters, earns $32.5 million in winnings and endorsements. And he’s certainly is well known internationally, which makes him attractive to sponsors. “He seems to have staying power, personality,” Dorfman said. U.S. multigold-medal gymnast Simone Biles appears to be another Olympic star who’s a good match for Corporate America. Biles, who captured four gold medals in Rio and carried the American flag during the closing ceremony, wasn’t well known to the public before the games. According to Q Scores, she had a 21 level of public awareness, but her Q Score of 30 indicates that the people who know her like her. 47 Photos U.S. women gymnasts go for gold Simone Biles came out on top and and Aly Raisman claimed silver in the individual all-around competition after the U.S. "Final Five" dominated to... Adding to the 19-year-old’s appeal, she has also overcome obstacles in her personal life. He mother was unable to care for Biles and her siblings, who were subsequently taken in by her grandparents, who later adopted them.    Biles also is young enough that she’ll likely compete in another Olympics, which makes her an even more attractive partner for companies looking to hitch on to a star. U.S. swimmer Katie Ledecky also won four gold medals, is also 19 and likely hasn’t swum in her last Olympic competition. Phelps, however, said he has taken his final Olympic lap in Rio, and Bolt also has indicated that he’s done chasing Olympic glory. Each of these athletes is racing against the public’s ever-shortening attention span. “Obviously the challenge for Olympic athletes is that nobody cares about these events for four years,” said Dorfman, “and we move onto the next big thing.” © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Jonathan Berr On Twitter» Jonathan Berr is an award-winning journalist and podcaster based in New Jersey whose main focus is on business and economic issues. Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features How not to go bust during holiday shopping Target CEO talks holiday shopping deals, smaller, urban stores David Pogue's wallet guide: "Information is money" Why Apple is getting in on the Black Friday action The world’s No. 1 for patent applications: China Market News Moneywatch Spotlight The 7 highest paying jobs for men and women L.A. Auto Show: 5 cars that are turning heads 11 of the best new cars for 2017 6 things NOT to buy on Cyber Monday 10 high-end kitchen upgrades to whip through the holidays Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Global Feminine Hygiene Market is Expected to Reach US$ 35.2 Bn by 2024 - PMR Aug 22, 2016, 08:30 ET from Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. NEW YORK, August 22, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- According to the latest market report published by Persistence Market Research (PMR) titled 'Global Market Study on Feminine Hygiene Products: Increasing Awareness of Female Health and Hygiene and Changing Lifestyle to Boost Demand during Forecast Period, the global feminine hygiene market is expected to expand at CAGR of 7.2% over the forecast period (2016-2024) in terms of value. The report has categorically been divided into three sections namely by product type, distribution channel, and region. On the basis of product type, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into sanitary napkins/pads, tampons, panty liners, menstrual cup, and feminine hygiene wash. On the basis of a distribution channel, the global feminine hygiene market has been segmented into a supermarket, convenience stores, department stores, retail pharmacies, and online purchase. By product type, sanitary napkin/pad segment is expected to expand at highest CAGR of 8.4% over the forecast period, in terms of value, attributed to increasing awareness about the benefits of sanitary napkins/pads. This segment is expected to be valued at US$ 16,896.8 Mn by 2024 end. Download Report Table of Content (TOC), Figures, and Tables: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market/toc By product type, tampons segment is expected to be the second most dominant segment during the forecast period. By distribution channel, supermarket segment is expected to dominate the global feminine hygiene market over the forecast period, followed by department stores distribution channel segment. Increasing awareness and high adoption of feminine hygiene products in developing countries are expected to drive demand for feminine hygiene products during the forecast period. Factors such as easy availability and affordable prices of such products are expected to drive revenue growth of the global feminine hygiene market during the forecast period. The global feminine hygiene market is fragmented in nature, with a prevalence of oligopolistic competition among renowned brands. Established players are focused on manufacturing innovative feminine hygiene products in developed and developing countries to increase revenue generation. Browse Full Report: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/feminine-hygiene-product-market.asp The report offers analysis and insights into each segment of feminine hygiene market in specific regions. On the basis of region, the global feminine hygiene market is segmented into five key regions namely North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). In 2015, Asia Pacific dominated the global feminine hygiene market in terms of revenue and is expected to register a CAGR of 5.4% over the forecast period. Market participants covered in the report include Kimberley - Clark Corporation, Procter & Gamble, Unicharm Corporation, Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget SCA, Johnson & Johnson, Lil-lets UK Limited, Sanofi, Ontex, and Egdewell Personal Care. These companies are primarily focused on enhancing their product portfolio through research and development and introducing new cost-effective products, in order to strengthen its position in the global market. Request Sample Report@ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/3226 About Us:  Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Journalist Resources: Analysts who have compiled this report are available for interviews and quotes at media@persistencemarketresearch.com Contact Persistence Market Research U.S. Sales Office: 305 Broadway, 7th Floor New York City, NY 10007 United States USA - Canada Toll-Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com Blog: https://pmrblog.com/  SOURCE Persistence Market Research Pvt. Ltd. View Table Fullscreen View Table Fullscreen Journalists and Bloggers The news you need, when you need it. Join PR Newswire for Journalists to access all of the free services designated to make your job easier. In need of subject matter experts for your story? Submit a free ProfNet request and find the sources you need. LEARN MORE Sep 07, 2016, 02:45 ET Preview: Global Isostearyl Alcohol Market to be Pegged at 15,170.4 Tons in 2016 - Persistence Market Research Aug 22, 2016, 06:30 ET Preview: Global ADHD Therapeutics Market to Reach US$ 25 Bn by 2024 - Persistence Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Read More 04:30 ET Global 4G (LTE) Devices Market is Expected to Account for US$... Nov 21, 2016, 08:00 ET Autologous Matrix-Induced Chondrogenesis (AMIC) Market to Reach... Nov 18, 2016, 06:30 ET Global Enterprise Social Networks and Online Communities Market... Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Companies Rio 2016 Olympics Going for gold: Global brands begin chase for Great Britain's brightest Olympic stars Large companies are falling over themselves to find the next Jessica Ennis-Hill or Mo Farah to promote their products. By Roger Baird , Dan Cancian , Video by Jonathan Lowe August 22, 2016 07:46 BST Close Embed Feed Going for gold: Which Team GB athletes could get the best brand deals? IBTimes UK <iframe src="http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/videos/embed/20118" width="640" height="360" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe> As Great Britain's talented Olympic athletes are celebrating their best medal haul in more than a century at Rio 2016, executives from the world's biggest companies are scrambling to land their signatures to endorse their brands. British athletes are not paid to bring home Olympic medals, but a number of UK stars at the Rio games will become multi-millionaires. A few will see a see several inspired minutes, backed by a lifetime of hard work, turn them into household names. Great Britain's Olympic team finished the games with 67 medals in total, including 27 gold, beating China to come second in the tally behind the USA. The result was the team's best medal haul since the first time London held the games in 1908. Liz Nicholl, the chief executive of UK Sport which funds Olympic athletes from lottery cash, said that the UK had now become a "sporting superpower". Favourites are being lined up for post-Olympic stardom such as Laura Trott and Jason Kenny who got engaged while watching EastEnders on their sofa, and who now have amassed ten gold medals between them. Two-time Olympic champion gymnast Max Whitlock, also captured the public imagination as a 10.4 million TV audience watched him pick up his second gong on the pommel horse in the middle of the night, after becoming men's floor champion earlier. Sports sponsorship agents say the country's first gold of the games won in the pool by Adam Peaty who set a world record in his heat for the 100m breaststroke, and another in the final, could become a surprise hit of the games. Ad executives say he has a compelling back-story, because he was afraid of the water as a child. Cycling gold medalists Laura Trott and Jason Kenny during the medal ceremony after the men's Keirin race.Bryn Lennon/ Getty Images Others say Charlotte Dujardin could also become a left-field hit. The country's most successful British dressage rider added a gold and a silver to the pair of golds she won in London 2012, and front-page newspaper pictures of her and her horse Valegro held the imagination. The rewards are tempting for an athlete who captures the public mood. A top athletic star earns up to £700,000 a year for TV commercials for a major corporation, says chief executive of sports marketing agency CSM Zak Brown. A sports star will be able to hold three or four of these deal across various markets. A top star will also be able to charge up to £40,000 for speaking engagement and will able to fit in 50 to 100 of these a year. "Audiences love to hear their triumphs over tough times, they find it inspiring," said Brown. A TV audience of 10.4m saw Max Whitlock pick up his second gymnastic gold in the middle of the nightGetty Images Great success is not enough, the feel good factor is extremely important for an athlete, as is personality. - Victoria Cook, business planning partner at media agency Mindshare These are the kind of incomes heptathlete Jessica Ennis-Hill and long-distance runner Mo Farah have earned since they won golds and became the face of the London games in 2012. Farah added two more golds to his tally to make him a four-time Olympic champion. Ennis-Hill, who has a flawless public image, has deals with Omega, BP, Santander, Adidas and Vitality. The multi-event athlete, who became a mother two years ago, recently signed a deal to promote nappy brand Pampers made by US household goods giant P&G. Ad executives say Ennis-Hill is still highly marketable, and her image is likely to mature, rather than fade, over time. Steve Madincea, founder and chief executive sports marketing firm, Prism says: "We can also expect Ennis-Hill's media presence to move from the likes of GQ to parenting titles." But it takes a curious combination of character traits to win the public over. Sportspeople are by their nature, competitive and determined. However, in public they have to appear easy-going and affable. Three athletes in Rio all took a knock to their public images when their naturally competitive streaks came under scrutiny. Cyclist Mark Cavendish attracted criticism for crash he caused during an omnium race, gymnast Louis Smith was labelled a poor loser to GB rival Max Whitlock, and heptathlete Katrina Johnson Thompson was accused of being defensive in an interview after finishing fifth in the multi-event competition she had been tipped to push Ennis-Hill hard in. Victoria Cook, business planning partner in media agency Mindshare says: "Great success is not enough, the feel good factor is extremely important for an athlete, as is personality." Laura Trott and Jason Kenny will come under a lot of pressure to play the David and Victoria Beckham of British cycling. But as Anthony Scammell, a sports director at public relations firm Hill & Knowlton, says: "The only problem is they don't want to take up that role. They are both very down to earth, and Jason in particular likes to keep a very low profile away from the track." And even when an athlete has the X factor that makes them a favourite with the public, they may prefer to devote all their time to trying to win more medals. Cyclist Bradley Wiggins achieved iconic status at the London games four years ago by winning the time trial gold, just weeks after becoming the first Briton in history to triumph at the Tour de France. The charismatic cyclist won gold again in Rio as part of the men's team pursuit, bringing his total of Olympic golds to five. The sponsors of the 2012 BBC Sports Personality of the Year include Samsung and Hyundai, but Wiggins could upgrade those to more heavyweight endorsements if he wished. Hill & Knowlton's Scammell says: "He has the combination of all the things the public likes in a male sports star. He is laidback and likes a joke, but he does not seem that interested in commercial deals. He is more focused on the goals in the sport he has set for himself." However, the race is on to find Great Britain's face of the Rio Olympics. More business news RBS set to charge companies that hold cash in their accounts UK records £1bn public finances surplus after Brexit vote Gig economy comes under pressure to share the good times with its workers Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Winners and losers of the Autumn Statement Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event... Autumn Statement LIVE: Philip Hammond delivers first fiscal plan The chancellor is expected to announce the UK faces a bill for Brexit... Autumn Statement: Cash for house building and national living wage Chancellor Philip Hammond to unveil measures to build 40,000 more... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
People close Home News Watch PEN Photos Videos Style Food Bodies Babies Home & Travel Pets Country Crime Human Interest TV Movies Music Politics Royals Shop Premium Stay Connected Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Google+ Subscribe Print Magazine All Access Digital Plus Buy a Gift Box Give a Gift Buy Current Issue Customer Service Advertise With Us Online Magazine Learn More Sweepstakes Mobile Apps Sitemap Contact Us Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Copyright © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Skip to content News Watch PEN Photos Style Royals Food Premium Shop Sports Gabby Douglas: Despite Backlash, I Had a 'Fantastic' Time in Rio By Steve Helling•@stevehelling Posted on August 21, 2016 at 7:40pm EST Share Tweet Email With the exception of certain members of the U.S. Swimming team, no gold medalist in the 2016 games got quite as much backlash as Gabby Douglas. First she wasn’t clapping hard enough for her teammates. Then she wasn’t bubbly enough. Then she didn’t put her hand over her heart during the medal ceremony. The backlash was nonstop. Few people seemed to remember that, despite her veteran Olympic status, Douglas is just 20 years old and living in a world where every smile – or lack thereof – can spark intense social media hate. So after all the social media backlash, it would be unsurprising if Douglas were bitter or unhappy about her experience. But Douglas insists that she still had a “fantastic” time in Rio. “I had fun,” she tells PEOPLE. “Maybe people weren’t being fair on social media, but that’s social media for you.” “I just found things to be positive about,” she says. “And there’s a lot to be happy about. We won the gold medal as a team, and it was just such an amazing experience. I came to the Olympics and won a gold medal! That’s still really awesome. I can only do what I can do, and if people want to say their stuff on social media, I can’t stop them.” Soon, however, the backlash had its own backlash, and people began tweeting the hashtag #LOVE4GABBYUSA. “That was just awesome,” she says. “It felt really good to have people support me. It was a good reminder that where there is hate, love is more.” Courtesy Proctor and Gamble Heading Home A relaxed Douglas talked with PEOPLE inside the P&> Family Home, the lounge that supported athletes and their families throughout the game. (In true post-Olympic fashion, she was eating a plate of fries.) For more of PEOPLE’s Olympic coverage, pick up our collector’s edition, The Best of the Games, on sale now. “I’m really looking forward to going home,” she says. “Just to have some family time. I can’t wait to relax and play with my two dogs.” (She has a corgi and a black lab/Rottweiler mix.) “And then the Final Five will go out on tour,” she adds. “That will be a lot of fun. It will be fun to hang out with no pressure on us!” And what’s next for Douglas? “I have a lot of opportunities,” she says. (For one: she’s the new spokesperson for Venus razors, which she makes sure to say “move like no other.”) “It was a different experience than the last Olympics, but I’m happy with it,” she says. “I can’t wait to see what’s next.” Show Full Article See Also More People Logo Homeless, Track-Running Brooklyn Sisters are Sport's Illustrated Kids' SportsKids of the Year Steph Curry Trades Autographed Jerseys with 7-Year-Old with Leukemia: ‘This Is His Wish’ Gabby Douglas Reflects On Her Rio Critics: ‘It Didn’t Ruin My Experience, But It Made It Harder’ Cubs Slugger Anthony Rizzo Sends Signed Jersey to Family Who Adopted ‘Rizzo the Dog’ Kate Upton Gets Salty on Twitter After Fiancé Justin Verlander Loses Cy Young Award Load More Stories Most Popular 1 Khloé Kardashian Joins Boyfriend Tristan Thompson for Hometown Turkey Drive Ahead of Thanksgiving 2 Homeless, Track-Running Brooklyn Sisters are Sport's Illustrated Kids' SportsKids of the Year 3 Nicole Johnson Phelps Wants Another Baby with Husband Michael: 'Of Course We Have Plans!' 4 Dennis Rodman Charged with Hit-and-Run After Freeway Incident 5 Steph Curry Trades Autographed Jerseys with 7-Year-Old with Leukemia: ‘This Is His Wish’ See Also People Facebook Tumblr Instagram Pinterest YouTube Google+ Copyright © 2016 Time Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Stocks on the Rise You Can Buy Today Investors shouldn't write off these highfliers simply because they've gotten more expensive lately. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Aug 21, 2016 at 7:04PM Image source: Getty Images. When stocks break away from the broader market to surge higher, there's usually a good reason behind the move. Investors are often responding to a positive change in the company's prospects -- or at least evidence that their worst fears aren't about to come true. With that in mind, below I'll take a look at a few stocks that are beating the S&P 500 by at least 10 percentage points so far in 2016, yet could still make solid long-term investments at today's prices. Stocks on the rise Stock YTD return Forward P/E Ratio Yum! Brands 24% 25 Johnson & Johnson(NYSE:JNJ) 19% 18 Facebook 18% 31 Data source: Yahoo! Finance. YTD = year to date. P/E = price-to-earnings ratio. Facebook Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) stratospheric rise since its IPO makes more sense in context with what CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his team have accomplished lately. In just the last six months, revenue is up 60%, operating income has doubled, and net profit has nearly tripled to $3.6 billion. Image source: Facebook. The social networking giant is winning where it matters most: user engagement. The monthly active user base rose 15% last quarter, compared to Twitter's 3% uptick, even as monetization soared. Facebook's average revenue per user (ARPU) spiked 40% higher in Q2, demonstrating that executives are finding plenty of ways to deliver strong returns to advertising clients without harming the user experience. Numbers like those suggest Facebook is just scratching the surface with enhancements like video streaming, which Zuckerberg said will be "at the heart" of all of the company's services in the future. That transition should continue boosting both user engagement and ARPU over time. Yum! Brands Like most of its peers, Yum! Brands (NYSE:YUM), which owns the KFC, Pizza Hut, and Taco Bell chains, is seeing a growth slowdown right now. Comparable-store sales were flat in the second quarter, compared to a 2% rise in Q1. McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) comps were cut in half over that same period, falling from 6% to 3%, and Chipotle's (NYSE:CMG) pace -- hurt by last year's food safety scare -- remained sharply negative. Image source: Getty Images. Yum!'s profits are holding up far better than rivals', though. Restaurant-level operating margins are up by more than 2 percentage points to 19% of sales. The increased earnings power has translated into 22% higher net income so far this year, compared to a 10% boost for McDonald's and a large decline for Chipotle. Even with shopper traffic weakening, Yum!'s management in July raised their full-year profit outlook. Investors can also look forward to the chain's spinoff of its China business that's scheduled for the end of October. The break should raise plenty of cash, much of which the company plans to return to shareholders over the coming months. Johnson & Johnson It's hard to blame investors for bidding up shares of medical and consumer product titan Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) this year. Sales growth is outpacing comparable companies, with Q2 results up 4%, while Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) could only manage a 2% uptick. Each of J&J's core divisions contributed to the latest gains. Consumer sales and medical device sales were up 4% last quarter, while pharmaceutical revenue spiked higher by 13%. "We continue to see good momentum," CEO Alex Gorsky told shareholders in the most recent quarterly report. The growth is part of an ultra-long-term trend that's lifted by increased spending in the $6 trillion healthcare market. J&J's strong product pipeline, which is backed by an incredible $9 billion annual budget for research and development, suggests there's no reason to expect that momentum to stall. That commitment to constant innovation helps explain why the company's profitability beats peer so soundly: Gross margin is 27% of sales, compared to 3M's 23% and P&G's 21%. JNJ Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Each of these stocks has grown more expensive this year -- both on an absolute basis and in terms of projected future earnings -- raising the risk that shares will drop if the companies fall short of investors' expectations. However, the spike is also a signal that the companies are succeeding in their strategies and could simply carry that positive momentum forward. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of CMG, FB, and MCD. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends CMG, FB, JNJ, and TWTR. The Motley Fool recommends PG. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Aug 21, 2016 at 7:04PM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $119.92 up $0.23 (0.19%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $112.98 up $0.24 (0.21%) Yum! Brands NYSE:YUM $63.01 up $0.28 (0.45%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $120.57 down $0.90 (-0.74%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.61 down $0.15 (-0.18%) Chipotle Mexican Grill NYSE:CMG $408.92 up $2.93 (0.72%) Read More Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Yum! Brands vs. Domino's Pizza: Which Is the More Connected Pizza Maker? 5 Blue Chip Stocks You Can Buy Today Is Taco Bell Taking On the Chicken Chains? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Random Gleanings From Market's Surge DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today KFC's Fried-Chicken Scented Sunscreen Gets People Talking on Wall Street KFC has pulled yet another zany marketing stunt. Brian Sozzi Aug 22, 2016 4:10 PM EDT Apparently KFC is in need of some marketing during the dog days of summer. The fried chicken chain owned by Yum! Brands (YUM) , which has about 4,500 locations in the U.S., began distributing 3,000 bottles of SPF 30 sunscreen for a limited time on Monday. The kicker? The sunscreen is meant to smell like fried chicken and keep one from getting too crispy in the sun. TheStreet took several samples of the sunscreen down to people on Wall Street to gauge their reaction (video below and on our Facebook page). Some thought it smelled like chicken, others were unsure why a fried chicken joint was trying to hawk sunscreen.  It marks the second marketing stunt by KFC this year in which it has used its fast-food to infuse some fun into a common consumer product. Earlier in the year, the company debuted edible nail polish in Hong Kong that was meant to be "finger lickin' good," per the company's well-known tagline. In 2015, the company released an edible coffee cup in the U.K. that was made from a cookie and chocolate.  One could make the argument that KFC doesn't need such gimmicks to drum up business. The chain has been a solid performer for Yum! Brands this year, fueled by demand for $5 containers of fried chicken and new products such as an extra spicy blend. Same-store sales for KFC rose 2% in the first quarter, and by 1% in the second quarter.  Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Closing Bell: Yum! Authorizes $2 Billion in Buybacks; Retail Sinks Wall Street Wall Street ended with slight losses Friday after a string of earnings disappointments from the retail sector. Keris Alison Lahiff Nov 18, 2016 4:22 PM EST SBUX, GE, PFE: Jim Cramer's Views Cramer shares his views on the world of unknowns. Starbucks, General Electric and Pfizer are among the stocks discussed. Jim Cramer Nov 14, 2016 1:00 AM EST Chipotle Is the First, but Not the Last, in Coming Wave of Restaurant Activism An activist investor could pressure any of these struggling restaurant chains into the hands of Yum! Brands. Ronald Orol Nov 12, 2016 11:40 AM EST Cramer: We're Entering a World of Unknowns After today's rally, what happens next? Jim Cramer Nov 9, 2016 4:13 PM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Careers BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A CEO says forgoing the Ivy League after high school taught him a lesson he uses to run a $3.6 billion company today Jacquelyn Smith Aug. 22, 2016, 10:17 AM 12,201 facebook linkedin twitter email print Bracken Darrell. Lift Conference videos/YouTube So many ambitious high schoolers dream of attending an Ivy League college. In fact, nearly 250,000 students in total applied to the eight Ivy schools last year, according to IvyCoach.com. In the early 1980s, Bracken Darrell found himself at a crossroads. He "really wanted to go to an Ivy League school," he told  Adam Bryant of The New York Times, but thought he'd never be able to pay for it. So instead, he went to a smaller liberal arts college — Hendrix College — in Conway, Arkansas, where he majored in English, but "took enough accounting and economics courses to move in the path I wanted, which was leadership through business." Attending a non-Ivy school as an undergraduate student ended up being a smart move for Darrell, who is now the CEO of Logitech, a technology accessories company with a market capitalization of $3.6 billion. He recently told Bryant: "Hendrix was great for me. It was very small. It was even smaller than my high school, but it was a place where I could be a big fish in a small pond. One of my lines within the company is that we want to play where we can be a big fish in a small pond. That strategy is a lot better than being a small fish in a big ocean." Later, Darrell ended up attending Harvard Business School for his MBA from 1989 through 1991. He went on to work at big companies like Procter & Gamble, General Electric, Whirlpool, and Logitech, where he joined as president of the company in 2012, and took over the CEO role in early 2013. Read the full New York Times interview here. SEE ALSO: The CEO of a $3.6 billion company shares his best advice for new college grads NOW WATCH: 9 phrases on your résumé that make hiring managers cringe Loading video... Follow Instant MBA and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Instant MBA and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Logitech ivy league schools Ivy League Instant MBA facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A CEO says forgoing the Ivy League after high school taught him a lesson he uses to run a $3.6 billion company today A CEO says forgoing the Ivy League after high school taught him a lesson he uses to run a $3.6 billion company today So many ambitious high schoolers dream of... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Careers Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Careers Select Instant MBA More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self NBA legend David Robinson: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Read Robinson's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Jump to content Home Index Newsletter Subscriptions Back issues About me Contact me Pronunciation guide Support this site Random page Spick and span Q From Kevin Wilson: What are the origins of the expression spick and span? A It’s a strange expression, isn’t it? People have been playing about with it for several hundred years, and the words on which it was based have long since gone out of the language. The oldest form seems to have been spann-nyr, which is Old Norse for a fresh chip of wood, one just carved from timber by the woodman’s axe, so the very epitome of something new. (Nyr is our modern new, while spann is a chip, the source of our spoon, an implement that was originally always made from wood, so that wooden spoon is a retronym.) By about 1300 the Old Norse phrase had started to appear in English in the form span-new, a form that lasted into the nineteenth century. This evolved by the sixteenth century into an elaborated form similar to the modern one: spick and span new, still with the old sense of something so new as to be pristine and unused. Spick here is a nail or spike. This form seems to have been inspired by a Dutch expression, spiksplinternieuw, which referred to a ship that was freshly built, so with all-new nails and timber. It is first found in Sir Thomas North’s translation of Plutarch’s Lives in 1579, “They were all in goodly gilt armours, and brave purple cassocks apon [upon] them, spicke, and spanne newe.” By the middle of the following century, it had been shortened to our modern spick and span. It had also shifted sense to our current one, for something so neat and clean that it looks new and unused. Samuel Pepys is the first recorded user, in his diary for 15 November 1665: “My Lady Batten walking through the dirty lane with new spicke and span white shoes.” In modern times, it was borrowed in the United States by Procter and Gamble as a trademark for a household cleaning product, Spic and Span, whose spelling has led some people to wonder whether it might be a disguised racial slur, from the derogatory term Spic for a Hispanic person. That’s certainly not true, but the trademark (and the slang term) have together encouraged an alternative spelling of spic in the phrase. Share this page Search World Wide Words Recently added or updated Fizgig; Spin a yarn; Chalazion; What am I? Chopped liver?; Happy as a sandboy; Tomfoolery; Fair to middling; So help me Hannah; Joe Soap; Nimrod; Isabelline; No soap; Umquhile; Steal one’s thunder; Katy bar the door; Simoleon; Dope; Lord love a duck; Yarely; Upset the apple cart; Snooter; Fard; By hook or by crook; Polish off; Loggerhead. Support World Wide Words! Donate via PayPal. Select your currency from the list and click Donate. Choose currency UK pounds US dollars Euros Copyright © Michael Quinion, 1996–. All rights reserved. Page created 24 Jan. 2004 Advice on copyright Problems viewing this page? Cookies and privacy Other words sites Affixes dictionary The English language is forever changing. New words appear; old ones fall out of use or alter their meanings. World Wide Words tries to record at least a part of this shifting wordscape by featuring new words, word histories, words in the news, and the curiosities of native English speech. World Wide Words is copyright © Michael Quinion, 1996–. All rights reserved. This page URL: http://www.worldwidewords.org/qa/qa-spi5.htm Last modified: 24 January 2004.
