null
Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility Advertise Subscribe Close Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Renew Area Development - Site Selection, Facility Planning and Workforce Development Follow Search Close Area Development Homepage All Sections Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Construction / Project Planning Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business AD Editorial Board Bill Luttrell Senior Locations Strategist, Werner Global Logistics, Werner Enterprises Bradley Migdal Senior Managing Director, Business Incentives Practice, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Christine Bustamante National Co-Leader, Global Location and Expansion Services, State and Local Tax, KPMG LLP Dan Levine Practice Leader, Location Strategies and Economic Development, Oxford Economics, Inc. Dan White Senior Economist, Moody's Analytics Dean J. Uminski, CEcD Principal, Crowe Horwath Dennis Cuneo Managing Partner , Fisher & Phillips Dick Sheehy Director of Advanced Planning and Site Selection, CH2M HILL Eric Stavriotis Senior Vice President, CBRE, Inc. Gregory Burkart Managing Director and Practice Leader, Site Selection & Business Incentive Advisory Services, Duff & Phelps, LLC Jamie Lominack Corporate Real Estate Manager, Michelin North America John Morris SIOR, Industrial Services Lead for the Americas, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Kathy Mussio Managing Partner, Atlas Insight, LLC Larry Gigerich Managing Director , Ginovus Les Cranmer Senior Managing Director, Savills Studley Michael McDermott Consulting Manager, Global Business Consulting, Cushman & Wakefield Minah Hall Managing Director, True Partners Consulting LLC Scott Kupperman Founder, Kupperman Location Solutions Scott Redabaugh Managing Director, JLL Stephen Gray CEO, Gray Construction Thomas J. Stringer, Esq. Managing Director & Practice Leader, Site Selection and Business Incentives Group, BDO USA Tim Feemster Managing Principal, Foremost Quality Logistics South-Atlantic | West Virginia Location Notebook: West Virginia’s Economic Diversification Helping the State to Meet Challenges The P&G win was an important one for the state, providing validation that West Virginia can be a competitive place to do business. Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Q3 2016 West Virginia, you might say, really cleaned up in the high-stakes competition for a facility that’ll soon make shampoo, fabric softener, and other consumer products. Procter & Gamble carefully checked out about 70 potential U.S. sites for its $500 million facility before landing on Tabler Station in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia, where ground was broken last fall. Related Research U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Location Notebook: Pitt County, NC Provides “Healthful” Business Environment A Win-Win for Veterans & Companies Requiring Skilled Workers Building a Sustainable Labor Pipeline “Nobody is more thorough in their vetting process than P&G was,” observes West Virginia’s Secretary of Commerce Keith Burdette. And no wonder — though the company has more than two dozen plants in 20 U.S. states, this will be only the second new manufacturing facility P&G has built in America since 1971. It’ll employ 300 when it opens next year and 700 when it’s fully operational in 2019. That will make it the company’s fifth-biggest plant in terms of employment. Workforce Development Availability of a skilled workforce is often the number-one factor driving location decisions today, and according to state officials, Proctor & Gamble’s decision to locate in West Virginia came about as a result of the state’s determination to develop a responsive workforce development program. Manufacturing in West Virginia P&G joins other large manufacturers that have put down roots in West Virginia. Bombardier Maintains a fleet of hundreds of aircraft through its West Virginia operations Toyota Motor Manufacturing Has invested well over $1 billion over the course of a couple decades in Buffalo, West Virginia, where it makes hundreds of thousands of Toyota engines and transmissions each year. Proctor & Gamble Proctor & Gamble’s decision to locate in West Virginia came about as a result of the state’s determination to develop a responsive workforce development program. Pietro Fiorentini An Italian manufacturer of gauges for the natural gas industry company that has a West Virginia location in Wheeling Among the symbols of that determination is the Governor’s Guaranteed Work Force Program, which helps not only major potential job-creation projects, but also smaller location decisions as well as expansions of existing West Virginia employers. If a project will create at least 10 jobs in a 12-month stretch, it can qualify for support from the program. Funding levels vary by location, wages, the number of employees, and how many require training, but the awards can be quite generous. For example, small businesses can receive as much as three-quarters of the cost of training in various pre-approved areas focused on technology, technical skills, and regulatory compliance. The awards are flexible, too. For example, Burdette points out that two West Virginia engineering graduates who had been hired by Pietro Fiorentini — an Italian manufacturer of gauges for the natural gas industry company that has a West Virginia location in Wheeling — received company-specific training in Italy paid for from the Governor’s Guaranteed Work Force Program. The labor force in this area was one of the primary reasons we decided to site here. Robin Bearden, P&G vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Supply Not that training recipients need to travel that far for quality training in most cases. West Virginia employers make good use of the state’s network of technical and community colleges, and the abundance of short- and long-term training opportunities. That assurance and the critical mass of available workers helped solve the all-important workforce puzzle for P&G, according to Robin Bearden, P&G vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Supply, who spoke at the groundbreaking event: “The labor force in this area was one of the primary reasons we decided to site here.” That’s a solid endorsement of West Virginia’s successful efforts to deal with workforce challenges, such as its state ranking of 43rd in the percentage of residents with a high school diploma, and 50th in the percentage who have a bachelor’s degree. As the P&G win suggests, traditional measures of educational attainment don’t always reflect a location’s ability to meet the needs of expanding businesses. Market Proximity, Low Costs Among the other reasons P&G chose West Virginia is the state’s proximity to markets on the East Coast. Yannis Skoufalos, P&G Global Product Supply officer, confirmed as much when company officials gathered to break ground: “West Virginia offers us a wonderful proximity to the eastern United States of America, which is a significant portion of the consumers that we serve throughout our supply network.” To that, add the workforce development system and commitment, and the low cost of doing business, including reasonable rates for taxes, labor, and energy. “Our incentives were competitive, but at the end of the day you have to look past incentives. Our cost of doing business is lower than in surrounding states,” Burdette claims. Our incentives were competitive, but at the end of the day you have to look past incentives. Our cost of doing business is lower than in surrounding states Robin Bearden, P&G vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Supply P&G is a big coup but also one in a string of successes as the state has diversified its economy. There are still plenty of jobs that are fueled by the state’s historically rich resource extraction, including in the energy sector, hardwood products, and building materials. But other key industries range from aerospace and automotive to chemicals and polymers to a wide range of manufacturing and a high-tech biometrics cluster focused on what’s known as identity technology. As the economy has diversified, the state’s employment situation has been recovering. As recently as the spring of 2015, the unemployment rate had bounced back above 7 percent, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. A year later, it was just over 6 percent, still higher than before the Great Recession but the lowest it had been since the recession ended. A Welcoming Attitude Lots of well-known names have put down roots here through the years, from Bombardier — which maintains a fleet of hundreds of aircraft through its West Virginia operations — to Toyota Motor Manufacturing, which has invested well over $1 billion over the course of a couple decades in Buffalo, West Virginia, where it makes hundreds of thousands of Toyota engines and transmissions each year. All of those factors that go into a positive business climate certainly have played a role in this kind of ongoing success. There’s also a less tangible but equally important business-friendly culture that makes it easier to get big things done. As Liz Fikes, director-engineer in P&G Product Supply, noted at the groundbreaking, “What really started to stand out is that everybody we worked with — whether it was state, county officials — was just phenomenally welcoming.” Skoufalos agreed. “They’ve been very open…very transparent…very clear to our standards, and we’ve been very clear to our standards, and that has enabled us to understand what they have to offer and, at the same time, what we have to offer.” Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble has written for Area Development for nearly 20 years. His work has also appeared in numerous other magazines, newspapers, and online publications, as well as broadcast media. He has authored several books and has worked extensively in corporate and internal communications, including creating annual reports. An Indianapolis resident, he holds bachelor's and master's degrees in journalism from Indiana University. Site Selection Factors / Strategy Critical Site Selection Factor #5: Available Buildings Q4 2016 Tennessee Location Notebook: Tennessee A Growing Hub for Logistics Q3 2016 Top States for Business 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Q3 2016 Leading Metro Locations Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs Q2 2016 RELATED TOPICS AND ARTICLES Location Notebook Skilled Labor / STEM Location Notebook: Pitt County, NC Provides “Healthful” Business Environment Location Notebook: Union County, SC, Moves Forward Location Notebook: TVA Hitching Its Wagon to the Auto Industry Opelika, Alabama Builds High-Speed On Ramp to the Future Location Notebook: Data Centers Betting on Nevada Reshoring and Skilled Workforce Go Hand in Hand Regional Talent Attraction Study Results: It’s Not All About Core Cities U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces A Win-Win for Veterans & Companies Requiring Skilled Workers First Person: Skills for a Successful Career in the 21st Century Article Discussion News Items Around The Web Studies/Research Manufacturers Less Optimistic About Overall Economy; Express Confidence in Their Own Revenue Growth 07/20/2016 Cushman & Wakefield Reports on Continuing Momentum for Industrial Real Estate Markets 07/15/2016 West Virginia Officials Seek To Develop 12,000-Acre Industrial Site In Boone County 05/13/2016 Procter & Gamble Begins $500 Million Expansion In Berkeley County, West Virginia 09/21/2015 State Loan Assists Constellium N. V. In Expanding Rolled Aluminum Manufacturing Plant In Ravenswood, West Virginia 08/21/2015 All News Items  Tips: Send Us Business Expansion or Relocation News Where Should Aerospace Companies Invest? Evaluating Aerospace Manufacturing Hubs Scott Thompson, PwC 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Regional Talent Attraction Study Results: It’s Not All About Core Cities Joshua Wright, Emsi U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Developing Loyalty Among a Millennial Workforce Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Mark Crawford Technological Innovation Essential to U.S. Manufacturing Growth Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Which Countries Have Lowest Business Costs? Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Ideas for Industry Innovation Ecosystems Put Into Play Craig Giffi, Deloitte LLP Michelle Drew Rodriguez, Deloitte Services LP 12th Annual Consultants Survey: Clients’ Robust New Facility/Expansion Plans Revealed Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine All Studies/Research/Papers Share Area Development Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Subscribe State Resources Mid-Atlantic Delaware Maryland New Jersey New York Pennsylvania Midwest Illinois Indiana Iowa Michigan Minnesota Missouri Ohio Wisconsin Mountain Colorado Idaho Montana Nevada Utah Wyoming New England Connecticut Maine Massachusetts New Hampshire Rhode Island Vermont Pacific Alaska California Hawaii Oregon Washington Plains Kansas Nebraska North Dakota South Dakota South Alabama Arkansas Kentucky Louisiana Mississippi Tennessee South-Atlantic Florida Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Virginia West Virginia Southwest Arizona New Mexico Oklahoma Texas Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Logistics / Infrastructure Site Selection Factors / Strategy Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Capital Access / Finance Construction / Project Planning Portfolio Management / CRE Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Economic Development Directory Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business U.S. Regional Reports Departments News Items Studies/Research/Papers Viewpoint Industry Sectors Advanced Manufacturing Aerospace Automotive Biotech / Life Sciences Energy / Clean Tech Food Processing Inward Investment Guides Location Canada Location USA Property Types Corporate HQ / Office Data Centers DCs / Warehousing Manufacturing / Industrial Services Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Contact Related Sites Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility FastGIS Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Area Development Exclusives Next Slide Previous Slide Top States for Business » 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Metro Locations » Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs Annual Gold Shovel Economic Development Awards » 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Executive Survey Results » 30th Annual Survey of Corporate Executives: Cautious Optimism Reflected Inward Investment Guides » Location USA: A guide for inward investment to the United States Inward Investment Guides » FDI: Location Canada Economic Development Directory » Find the Right Location for Your Next Business Site, Facility or Headquarters Available Buildings and Sites » The free access database for companies, consultants and prospects seeking available buildings and/or sites Services Magazine Subscription/Renewal Newsletter Current Issue Contact Area Development Advertise Quick Links / Topics Asset Management Labor / Workforce Development Site Selection Business Expansion / Economic Development News State Resources Views Special Presentations Gold & Silver Shovel Economic Development Awards Annual Corporate & Consultants Survey Results Leading Metro Locations Top States for Doing Business Related Resources GIS, commercial listings database for expanding companies, consultants and other prospects who are seeking available buildings and/or sites. Scout locations for Your next business site, facility or headquarters and connect with economic development pros who can assist in the site selection process. Events focusing on best practices in economic development, bringing together industry leading consultants with economic development professionals. Follow Area Development on Twitter Pin Us Delicious Follow Area Development on LinkedIn Subscribe to Area Development RSS Feeds Subscribe to Area Development Newsletters All contents copyright © 2016 Halcyon Business Publications, Inc. Close Search Results
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The 3 Best Long-Term Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Why does long-term dividend investing work? These top income-producing stocks help show you the way. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 16, 2016 at 7:13PM Image source: Getty Images. Few dispute that dividend growth investing is back en vogue, but not everyone seems to know exactly why dividend investing is one of the most well-documented ways to beat the market when deftly executed. So, why does dividend growth investing garner so much respect among seasoned investors? Perhaps it seems obvious, but dividend growth investing is beloved because it flat-out works -- especially when dividends are reinvested to buy additional shares. As just one of the many examples, a study from asset manager BlackRock found that a selected basket of dividend growth stocks outperformed an equally weighted basket of all stocks by roughly 30% from 1979 through 2004. Especially when combined with a strategy to reinvest all dividend payments to buy more shares, the results can be truly astounding, while requiring little additional time. Here's a quick snapshot of a few of what I see as the best long-term dividend stocks on the market today. Dividend Stock Ticker Symbol Market Cap # of Consecutive Dividend Increases Procter & Gamble NYSE: PG $229.1 billion 59 years Kimberly-Clark NYSE: KMB $43.4 billion 43 years Johnson & Johnson NYSE: JNJ $318.3 billion 53 years Abbott Labs NYSE: ABT $61.2 billion 43 years Medtronic NYSE: MDT $117.0 billion 38 years Data sources: Google Finance and Dividend.com. What makes these long-term dividend stocks so special? For starters, each has an enviable track record of growing their dividend payments each year. If our strategy is to beat the market by buying great dividend growth stocks and reinvesting their proceeds, these seem like relatively safe bets based on the multidecade history of annual dividend increases alone. However, the sectors in which the above names operate -- consumer staples and healthcare -- also provide a stable foundation for continued success for many years to come. Johnson & Johnson The aging Baby Boomer population should serve as a long-term tailwind for the entire healthcare sector, and Johnson & Johnson's (NYSE:JNJ) formidable competitive position within the industry makes it a fantastic option for long-term dividend investors. All three of J&J's core business segments -- consumer, medical devices, and pharmaceutical -- are all relatively stable, producing consistent revenues and profits from which it can fund its dividend. The pharmaceutical segment continues to act as the straw that stirs J&J's financial drink, accounting for the greatest percentage of the company's sales and profits. It is also the fastest-growing segment in Johnson & Johnson's business, increasing nearly 9% in the company's most recent quarter versus a 0.8% increase in medical devices and a 1.8% decline in consumer sales. Segment-specific vicissitudes aside, Johnson & Johnson remains a hugely profitable enterprise by virtually any metric. Its 56% dividend payout ratio seems sustainable for a business of its size, profitability, and capex requirements. Trading at around 22 times its past-12-months' earnings values, the company's stock is below that of the overall market, which also doesn't seem particularly out of line for a company of its quality and maturity. At the end of the day, Johnson & Johnson remains a fantastic option for investors looking to fund their retirements through long-term dividend investing. Image source: Getty Images. Abbott Labs Much like Johnson & Johnson above, Abbott Labs' (NYSE:ABT) place as a diversified healthcare products company makes it a dividend dynamo capable of standing the test of time. After spinning out its biotech business into the publicly traded AbbVie in 2013, Abbott Labs appears focused and ready to seize the considerable opportunities provided by its market. In the company's most recently reported quarter, three of Abbot Labs' four reporting segments produced sales growth in the mid to high single digits, and its nutrition segment -- the long "disappointment" in the report -- still saw sales rise 4.3%.  Like many large U.S. multinationals, the outsized strength of the U.S. dollar has served as a moderate headwind to Abbott's results, though the company remains quite profitable all the same. Furthermore, analysts see Abbott Labs producing double-digit profit growth in each of the next two full fiscal years, making its valuation discount relative to its peers seem likely to disappear if the company continues to execute.  Also like Johnson & Johnson, Abbott Labs' streak of 43 consecutive annual dividend increases make it a fairly safe bet that its continued dividend growth will proceed for years to come. With a 2.5% current dividend yield and hugely favorable demographics to underpin its long-term growth, Abbott Labs also seems like a fantastic option for dividend investors today.   Image source: Getty Images. Procter & Gamble Though I could easily continue to sing the praises of the other healthcare name on the list above -- Medtronic -- I'll instead make the case for consumer staples powerhouse Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) as a slam-dunk long-term dividend growth play. To see what makes P&G such a fantastic business, it helps to understand what has led its stock price to slightly underperform the market over the last two years.  The company behind such well-known everyday brands including Tide, Bounty, Pampers, and many more has been hammered by negative foreign exchange impacts in recent quarters. Procter & Gamble has also faced increased competition from a host in insurgent products that have adroitly leveraged the lower barriers to entry provided by technology; Dollar Shave Club's challenge to Gillette is perhaps the most obvious example, though others abound. For whatever reason, P&G's management had been slow to respond, though the company's more recent plan to reduce costs and reinvest in brand growth has been warmly received by analysts, which brings me to my overarching point in this investing thesis: P&G's ability to endure. As the largest consumer goods company in the world with leading market share across the bulk of its product segments, P&G's fortress-like competitive position should give it the ability to withstand and adapt to whatever changes will inevitably come its way. The company is an institution, one that consistently produces robust profits come rain, snow, sleet, or shine. Some years will be better than others, but its leading brands and distribution virtually guarantee consumers will continue to use Procter & Gamble's products for generations to come. The same holds true with P&G's cash dividends. Case in point: Procter & Gamble's amazing history of dividend growth dates back to the Eisenhower administration. Especially given its current 3% dividend, Procter & Gamble remains arguably the best dividend stock on the market for long-term payout growth. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool owns shares of Medtronic. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 16, 2016 at 7:13PM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $114.91 down $0.86 (-0.74%) Abbott Laboratories NYSE:ABT $39.97 down $0.42 (-1.04%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.36 down $0.71 (-0.86%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $113.02 up $0.66 (0.59%) Read More Procter & Gamble Just Issued Its Smallest Dividend Hike in a Generation -- Here's What it Means 3 Stocks with Better Dividends Than Procter & Gamble Co. Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Here Are the Wearable Trends to Watch in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x



Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Top 5 Vendors in the Global Dishwashing Detergent Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio 16.09.2016 | 19:04 (4 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Top 5 Vendors in the Global Dishwashing Detergent Market from 2016 to 2020: Technavio Technavio has announced the top five leading vendors in their recentglobal dishwashing detergent marketreport. This research report also lists 10 other prominent vendors that are expected to impact the market during the forecast period. In an attempt to increase the awareness of the availability of products and build brand image in emerging markets such as Brazil, China, India, Russia, and Malaysia, manufacturers of dishwashing detergents are focusing on innovation, consumer understanding, branding, productivity, and go-to-market execution. They are also leveraging the scale and scope of their businesses. Vendors are also focusing on upgrading their existing brands to increase their respective market's share and brand awareness, and also on improving their supply chains. Ask an analyst: http://www.technavio.com/content/ask-analyst?report=53210 Ask Technavio's lead analysts a question about this market and they will have your answer within 24 hours. Competitive vendor landscape According to the report, the global dishwashing detergent market is marked by the presence of multiple established vendors offering a wide array of products. Major players operating in this space include P&G, Unilever, Reckitt Benckiser, Henkel, and Colgate-Palmolive and are very competitive in terms of their product offerings. Unilever, Reckitt Benckiser, and Henkel are European MNCs based in the Netherlands, the UK, and Germany, respectively, while P&G and Colgate-Palmolive are North American companies based in the US. In 2015, the three European MNCs together contributed 19.84% of the global revenue, whereas the other two companies contributed 26.42% of the global revenue for household cleaners at large. "While P&G is a leading player in all categories of household cleaners, Reckitt Benckiser is a leading vendor in the automatic dishwashing detergent segment with its brand Finish and in surface cleaners," says Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead retail goods and services research analyst from Technavio. Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53210 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Top five dishwashing detergent market vendors Colgate-Palmolive Colgate-Palmolive has a strong brand image, which improves its credibility among customers. The company's strong brand image makes it a leader in many product categories of global oral care and personal care markets through its flagship brands Colgate, Palmolive, Protex, Irish Spring, and Softsoap. The company also has a significant share of the global home care market through its flagship brands Ajax, Palmolive, and Fabuloso. Henkel Henkel has been focusing on untapped markets such as MEA to promote its household cleaning products. The company is building its own growth opportunity in these markets by introducing new lines of its globally popular brands of household cleaning products. In 2015, the launch of Pril 100 Lemons Power in MEA was successful. In addition, the company is focusing on introducing innovative hand and automatic dishwashing products. In 2015, the company launched the new variant Pur Gold Care under the Pur brand in Eastern Europe, in the hand dishwashing category. The innovative formula of this product is especially effective against odors. P&G The company focuses strongly on product development and research activities for bringing new products into the markets. It constantly concentrates on internal and external R&D in order to launch new products and enhance its existing product portfolio. Innovative new products earned P&G five of the top 10 spots in the IRI New Product Pacesetters ranking of the most successful non-food product launches of 2015. Among these five the list contained two lines from the home care segment, including Gain Flings and Cascade Platinum. This achievement has underscored P&G's focus on driving business growth through a strong portfolio of innovative products. Reckitt Benckiser Reckitt Benckiser has positioned its dishwashing brand Finish as the first automatic dishwashing detergent brand. The company has thus achieved fast-mover advantage and the brand has become the top selling brand for automatic dishwashing. The company continues to launch of new lines under the Finish brand to provide more specific solutions for consumers. For instance, during the first quarter of 2016, the company launched Finish Supercharged Powerball. Through this launch the brand had a good start for 2016 and had been witnessing a significant sales growth in the US. Unilever In 2015, the home care segment of Unilever provided a year of underlying growth. The underlying sales growth was at 5.9% in 2015. The home care segment also witnessed an increase in operating margin by 1.3% (operating margin was 7.6% and 6.3%, respectively, in 2015 and 2014. The growth stemmed from a strong range of new product launches, including Comfort Intense and Omo, which had a global re-launch with an upgraded formulation. The other prominent vendors are Bombril Church Dwight Godrej Consumer Products Goodmaid Chemicals Kao McBride Rohit Surfactants SC Johnson Son Seventh Generation The Clorox Company Browse Related Reports: Dishwashing Detergent Market in Europe Market Research 2015-2019 Global Liquid Detergent Chemicals Market 2016-2020 Global Organic Laundry Detergents Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160916005029/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2016 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump TOOL State-by-State Guide to Taxes for Retirees QUIZ Test Your Investing IQ BUILDING WEALTH Kiplinger's Wealth Creation Web Conference Series Advertisement Practical Advice from The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now These S&P 500 stocks offer handsome yields and stability, sure. But many of them pack a total-return punch, too. Thinkstock By Dan Burrows September 16, 2016 With the market not far off all-time highs, you might think it’s not the best time to go looking for the best dividend stocks to buy. You’d be wrong. Just because dividend yields market-wide are off versus a year ago doesn’t mean dividend stocks any less attractive for long-term investors. Indeed, dividend stocks never go out of style for patient investors. See Also from Kiplinger: 8 Risky Stocks That Are Worth a Gamble Be that as it may, yields on the best dividend stocks in the S&P 500 aren’t what they once were. Sure, companies are increasing their dividend payments, but share-price gains are offsetting any bump to dividend yield. Just look at the dividend yield on the S&P 500. It’s down to 2.12% today vs. 2.2% a year ago — not large on the aggregate, but it’s not the right direction, either. In a way, the thirst for yield only makes the search for the best dividend stocks even more important. The key is to get the largest yield possible with the least amount of risk. Advertisement Large caps — preferably blue chips — with ample yields and a long history of rising payouts will serve your equity income portfolio well if given enough time. Although current yields may be underwhelming, they won’t stay that way on your own personal costs basis if you hang on through hike after hike. The trick is to find the best S&P 500 dividend stocks and hang on. Here are the top names in the index. Procter & Gamble Dividend Yield: 3.1% Advertisement It doesn’t get more blue chip than Procter & Gamble Co. (PG). This component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average has paid rising dividends since the 19th century. That gives investors confidence that the payouts will keep coming no matter what. Admittedly, Procter & Gamble isn’t running completely unimpeded. Its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings report saw earnings and revenues decline thanks to hiccups in the beauty, home care and other divisions. Still, PG is getting its house in order. It’s in the midst of a $10 billion cost-cutting program, which is something that is always music to the market’s ears. It’s also returning billions of dollars to shareholders via stock buybacks. Happily, defensive names like Procter & Gamble are in vogue these days. PG stock is up 10% for the year-to-date vs. a gain of less than 5% for the broader market. Advertisement Wells Fargo Dividend Yield: 3.2% OK, Wells Fargo & Co. (WFC) might not be the most popular name after its jaw-dropping accounts scandal, but so what? It’s still a quality business with a quality stock. Wells Fargo’s reputation took a hit, and now Congress is doing its typical bluster — this time over senior management. Advertisement But, as bank crises do, this will blow over. Shares in WFC went to $46 from $51 on the news. That has the dividend up to a very attractive level. True, banks are constrained when it comes to formulating their capital plans. But — again — the scandal doesn’t have anything to do with capital requirements. See Also from Kiplinger: 6 Good Dividend Stocks Yielding 5% or More When you can get one of the nation’s top banks on sale, you go for it. Cisco Systems Dividend Yield: 3.4% Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) is one of the first names when it comes to tech dividends. But Cisco offers a heck of a lot more than just dividends. CSCO is following the same playbook as every other legacy tech name. It’s making the long, painful and slow transition to cloud-based services and away from hardware. The arrow hasn’t always been pointed up, but Cisco has been regularly topping Wall Street’s earnings and revenue targets. Cost cuts also increase investor confidence in this company Cisco has been a total-return machine so far this year, with price appreciation of nearly 15% on top of the healthy dividend. With cloud-based services still ramping up, you can expect more of the same. Boeing Dividend Yield: 3.4% It’s in fashion to worry about Boeing Co. (BA), but the company isn’t that troubled. Boeing beat analysts’ profit estimate over the summer and the cash-flow picture continued to strengthen. In a tip to the benefits of diversification, margin growth in the company’s defense business is making up for some of the drag coming out of the commercial segment. Right now, Boeing is duking it out with Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) over a combat jet deal in Denmark — a rare challenge in the international defense world. See Also from InvestorPlace: 7 Stock Splits Investors Are Dying to See BA stock is still off for the year-to-date with an 11% decline. That underperforms the broader market by a wide margin, but it also has the dividend yield flying high. Gushers of cash flow ensure that the payouts will keep coming. Pfizer Dividend Yield: 3.5% Mega-Pharmaceutical company Pfizer Inc. (PFE) is on a mergers and acquisitions bender that promises long-term price appreciation to go along with a steady dividend stream. PFE’s $14 billion acquisition of Medivation bolsters the long-term bull case on Pfizer stock. The pharmaceutical giant is building up its oncology portfolio in a big way. It already has a hit with Ibrance, a breast cancer drug on the cusp of becoming a blockbuster, and MDVN complements that nicely. Then there’s the $5.2 billion acquisition of Anacor Pharmaceuticals, which landed Pfizer crisaborole — a non-steroid eczema treatment that’s being studied for efficacy against psoriasis. Like a lot of defensive names, PFE is having a good year. Shares are up 6% for the year-to-date. The S&P 500 is ahead by only 4.5% so far in 2016. IBM Dividend Yield: 3.6% International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) is another classic tech name trying to get with the times. Happily for shareholders, last quarter’s report showed good progress with its turnaround plan. IBM beat Street forecasts on the top and bottom line thanks partly to its focus on new business areas. The legacy business continued to shrink, but that was partially offset by growth in the segment that includes things like Watson, security and cloud computing. Analytics, social and mobile are also some of the keys to IBM’s future. Watson alone is a reason to love this company, with Deloitte estimating that the cognitive computing market could reach $50 billion in the next five years — in just the U.S.! IBM stock is another total-return winner these days. It’s up 13% YTD on price alone. And the dividend has nearly doubled over the past half-decade. AbbVie Dividend Yield: 3.6% AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) stock is having a market-beating year with its gain of more than 7%, and the dividend only pads that lead. Slow-but-steady growth is a basic part of the equation. AbbVie successfully completed the acquisition of Stemcentrx in June, which bolsters its portfolio of oncology treatments. In other fundamentally good news, the FDA recently approved Humira in non-infectious intermediate, posterior and panuveitis in adult patients. That makes it the only non-steroidal drug available for the disease. With a long-term growth rate of more than 15%, the forward price-to-earnings multiple of 11 gives ABBV a compelling valuation. And dividend growth is fantastic. AbbVie has only been around since 2013, and its payout has grown by more than 40% in that short time. Verizon Dividend Yield: 4.49% You can’t talk about dividend stocks without talking about the telecommunications sector. That’s why you have to look at Verizon Communications Inc. (VZ). Sure, Verizon is boring, but it’s supposed to be. As much as traditional telecommunications is a poky business, VZ is making some interesting moves. Most famously it recently acquired the core properties of Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to drive new revenue streams and position itself for the future. And a little further back, Verizon acquired AOL. You might scoff at Verizon picking up has-been Internet properties, but they actually provide VZ with potential growth in digital content and advertising technology. See Also from Kiplinger: 4 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Worth the Risk And lest you think defense is not cool, VZ stock is up 12% so far in 2016. If it can keep up its mojo, it will continue to be a total-return monster. AT&T Dividend Yield: 4.8% Speaking of total-return monsters, you have to give a shout out to AT&T Inc. (T). Verizon’s main competitor routinely offers one of the heftier dividend yields in the S&P 500. Even if this were just a list of the largest dividends in the index, T would warrant a spot. But AT&T isn’t just a high dividend — it’s a high-quality dividend. An earnings beat helped by its acquisition of DirecTV and advances in the wireless business was applauded by the market and analysts alike. After some upgrades, fully 15 of the 31 analysts covering the stock rate it a buy. See Also from InvestorPlace: The 5 Dividend Aristocrat Stocks With the Highest Yields More impressively is that shares are having a huge year. T stock is up 17% YTD. That has weighed on the dividend yield, to be sure … but then, where else are you going to get that sort of return for this kind of risk? General Motors Dividend Yield: 4.9% The market is rightly worried about General Motors Co. (GM) hitting the peak of the latest car-buying cycle, but it’s overdoing its concerns. It feels like GM stock has been discounted for a worst-case scenario, if not more. GM once again printed strong quarterly numbers back in July. It set a record for earnings and lifted its full-year guidance. Higher-margin pickup trucks and large SUVs helped pick up the slack, and Europe has even become a positive once more. If we’re at the cyclical peak, don’t tell General Motors. This article is from Dan Burrows of InvestorPlace. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. More From InvestorPlace The 7 Best Monthly Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 9 Dividend Stocks That Have Written Checks Since the 1800s 7 Dividend Stocks That Really Crank Out the Cash This article is from InvestorPlace, not the Kiplinger editorial staff. Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Advertisement He recommended Amazon in 1997 and Tesla in 2011. And he's announcing his newest pick for the best stock to buy now. 5 Years From Now, You'll Probably Wish You Grabbed These Stocks Enter your email address below to get the name of the stock and to receive Kiplinger Today. Privacy/Legal Information More From Kiplinger Most Popular Most Shared 3 No-Brainer Stocks to Buy for Retirement - Slide Show 7 Growth Stocks That Should Replace Apple in Your Portfolio - Slide Show 10 Best Stocks Under $10 to Buy Now - Slide Show 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 - Slide Show Most Popular Most Shared Retirees to Pay More for Medicare in 2017 - Article 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco - Article 3 No-Brainer Stocks to Buy for Retirement - Slide Show Why Reverse Mortgages are Worth a Look - Article Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2016, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
373725 3399 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Economia e Finanza . Coty Appoints Publicis Media as Its Lead Agency Globally Coty Appoints Publicis Media as Its Lead Agency Globally ECONOMIA E FINANZA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 16/09/2016 14:02 Zenith to Lead the Assignment Spanning New Coty Portfolio* NEW YORK, Sept. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Coty has appointed Publicis Media as its lead media agency globally. Publicis Media's Zenith will lead the assignment which will include the current Coty brands and P&G Specialty Beauty Business* brand portfolio being acquired by Coty, with the transition expected to be completed in October of this year. Publicis Media will work in close collaboration with Beamly, Coty's internal digital social and programmatic agency. The combined Coty assignment will span sixteen markets, with Publicis Media responsible for strategy, trading, content and data and analytics for Coty whose brands include color cosmetics brands Rimmel and Sally Hansen, and fragrance brands Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, and Davidoff, and post the merger will include leading cosmetics brands COVERGIRL and Max Factor, fragrance brands such as Hugo Boss and Gucci, and haircare brands such as Wella and Clairol. Bringing together Coty and the P&G Specialty Beauty Business is expected to create one of the world's largest pure-play beauty companies with advertising and promotional spend estimated at well over one billion dollars and is expected to establish Coty as the global leader in fragrances, the second largest in salon professional products, and the third largest in cosmetics. "Zenith has been a trusted partner for Coty. We are excited to expand our partnership with them as we look to elevate the quality of our media while taking advantage of our new scale, as we strive to become over time a global industry leader by being a clear challenger in Beauty," says Camillo Pane, CEO Designate, Coty. "We are thrilled to broaden our partnership with Coty. It's a tremendous endorsement of our Publicis Media vision unveiled earlier this year and the transformative power of our capabilities, talent and collaborative approach to driving our clients' businesses forward," says Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media. * subject to closing of the merger of P&G Specialty Beauty Business into Coty. About Coty Inc.: Coty is a leading global beauty company with net revenues of $4.3 billion for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.  Founded in Paris in 1904, Coty is a pure play beauty company with a portfolio of well-known fragrances, color cosmetics and skin & body care products sold in over 130 countries and territories.  Coty's product offerings include such power brands as adidas, Calvin Klein, Chloé, DAVIDOFF, Marc Jacobs, OPI, philosophy, Playboy, Rimmel and Sally Hansen. Coty is in the process of completing a transaction with The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) to merge P&G's fine fragrance, color cosmetics, salon professional and hair color business and a portion of its hair styling businesses ("P&G Specialty Beauty Business") into Coty, with brands that include Cover Girl, Clairol, Gucci, Hugo Boss, Max Factor, Wella. With the completion of the merger, Coty is expected to have pro forma combined annual revenues of approximately $9.0 billion based on fiscal 2016 performance and to be the global leader in fragrances, with market leading positions in color cosmetics and hair color & styling. For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com. About Publicis Media: Publicis Media is one of the four solutions hubs of Publicis Groupe ([Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40], alongside Publicis Communications, Publicis.Sapient and Publicis Healthcare. Led by Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media is comprised of four global brands, Starcom, Zenith, Mediavest | Spark and Optimedia | Blue 449, powered by digital-first, data-driven global practices that together deliver client value and business transformation. Publicis Media is committed to helping its clients navigate the modern media landscape and is present in more than 100 countries with over 17,500 employees worldwide. Twitter: @PublicisMedia. PRESS CONTACTS:  Anita Mcgorty  Publicis Media  212 468-3788  anita.mcgorty@publicismedia.com Claire Ballard  Publicis Media – EMEA  +44 20 7190 8056  claire.ballard@publicismedia.com Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 18 novembre 2016 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Scoperta italiana choc: "Dna 'alieno' in un malato di leucemia acuta su 2" 2. Arriva la 'tassa sulla morte' 3. "Quella str...a della Fornero!", Salvini durissimo su Facebook /Video 4. "L'ho messa sotto terra", in tv la confessione del marito di Manuela Teverini /Video 5. "Se vince il NO un'altra apocalisse?", bufera sul post di Santoro Video Il ritorno a casa per Natale, lo spot commovente dell'aeroporto Heathrow di Londra A Roma la Youth Orchestra suona dal vivo 'Il monello di Chaplin' Maldive, l’Università Bicocca realizza una casa dell’acqua pubblica Uno scudo 'protettivo' da 36.000 tonnellate per il reattore di Chernobyl Herbert Ballerina è un boss per caso in 'Quel bravo ragazzo' "I fantastici anni '90", Paolo Ruffini su AdnKronos Live ‘Rwd- Fwd’ è il titolo della mostra di Alfredo Pirri nel suo nuovo studio/archivio Quasimodo, il pastore tedesco che ha fatto 'intenerire' il web Tg AdnKronos, 15 novembre 2016 In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Il ministro Martina in visita all’azienda Granarolo, al centro la competitività delle imprese 'Energia per il futuro. Eccellenza Italia': Terna inaugura in Sardegna polo elettrico innovativo Venice Day 2016 Imprese, studio Irs: con norme tecniche Uni fatturato fino a +14% Fiaip, la ripresa del mercato immobiliare c'è ma è ancora lenta /Video World Pancreatic Cancer day Esperti a confronto su 'Il ruolo della carne nell’alimentazione umana. Novità dalla ricerca' A Milano 'L'Artigiano in Fiera', villaggio globale delle arti e dei mestieri Energia, online la newsletter del Gme Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 373725 3399 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»PUBLICIS AKTIE»Coty Appoints Publicis Media as Its Lead Agency Globally PUBLICIS GROUPE SA 61,22  Euro +0,073 +0,12 % WKN: 859386  ISIN: FR0000130577 Ticker-Symbol: PU4  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 08:06 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheDienstleistungen AktienmarktEURONEXT-100 CAC-40 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 60,23 60,70 17:40 60,34 60,63 17:41 16.09.2016 | 14:02 (9 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Coty Appoints Publicis Media as Its Lead Agency Globally Zenith to Lead the Assignment Spanning New Coty Portfolio* NEW YORK, Sept. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ --Coty has appointed Publicis Media as its lead media agency globally. Publicis Media's Zenith will lead the assignment which will include the current Coty brands and P&G Specialty Beauty Business* brand portfolio being acquired by Coty, with the transition expected to be completed in October of this year. Publicis Media will work in close collaboration with Beamly, Coty's internal digital social and programmatic agency. The combined Coty assignment will span sixteen markets, with Publicis Media responsible for strategy, trading, content and data and analytics for Coty whose brands include color cosmetics brands Rimmel and Sally Hansen, and fragrance brands Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, and Davidoff, and post the merger will include leading cosmetics brands COVERGIRL and Max Factor, fragrance brands such as Hugo Boss and Gucci, and haircare brands such as Wella and Clairol. Bringing together Coty and the P&G Specialty Beauty Business is expected to create one of the world's largest pure-play beauty companies with advertising and promotional spend estimated at well over one billion dollars and is expected to establish Coty as the global leader in fragrances, the second largest in salon professional products, and the third largest in cosmetics. "Zenith has been a trusted partner for Coty. We are excited to expand our partnership with them as we look to elevate the quality of our media while taking advantage of our new scale, as we strive to become over time a global industry leader by being a clear challenger in Beauty," says Camillo Pane, CEO Designate, Coty. "We are thrilled to broaden our partnership with Coty. It's a tremendous endorsement of our Publicis Media vision unveiled earlier this year and the transformative power of our capabilities, talent and collaborative approach to driving our clients' businesses forward," says Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media. * subject to closing of the merger of P&G Specialty Beauty Business into Coty. About Coty Inc.: Coty is a leading global beauty company with net revenues of $4.3 billion for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016. Founded in Paris in 1904, Coty is a pure play beauty company with a portfolio of well-known fragrances, color cosmetics and skin & body care products sold in over 130 countries and territories. Coty's product offerings include such power brands as adidas, Calvin Klein, Chloé, DAVIDOFF, Marc Jacobs, OPI, philosophy, Playboy, Rimmel and Sally Hansen. Coty is in the process of completing a transaction with The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) to merge P&G's fine fragrance, color cosmetics, salon professional and hair color business and a portion of its hair styling businesses ("P&G Specialty Beauty Business") into Coty, with brands that include Cover Girl, Clairol, Gucci, Hugo Boss, Max Factor, Wella. With the completion of the merger, Coty is expected to have pro forma combined annual revenues of approximately $9.0 billion based on fiscal 2016 performance and to be the global leader in fragrances, with market leading positions in color cosmetics and hair color & styling. For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com. About Publicis Media: Publicis Media is one of the four solutions hubs of Publicis Groupe ([Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40], alongside Publicis Communications, Publicis.Sapient and Publicis Healthcare. Led by Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media is comprised of four global brands, Starcom, Zenith, Mediavest | Spark and Optimedia | Blue 449, powered by digital-first, data-driven global practices that together deliver client value and business transformation. Publicis Media is committed to helping its clients navigate the modern media landscape and is present in more than 100 countries with over 17,500 employees worldwide. Twitter: @PublicisMedia. PRESS CONTACTS: Anita Mcgorty Publicis Media 212 468-3788 anita.mcgorty@publicismedia.com Claire Ballard Publicis Media - EMEA +44 20 7190 8056 claire.ballard@publicismedia.com © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu COTY INC CL A Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Mi Declining Hedge Fund Ownership Warned of Losses in Tribune Media Co (TRCO), Coty Inc (COTY) ► Artikel lesen 11.11. Takeover chatter on Coty ► Artikel lesen 11.11. Coty misses expectations in pre-P&G merger results ► Artikel lesen 10.11. Why Shares of Coty Inc. Are on the Decline ► Artikel lesen 09.11. COTY INC. - S-8, Securities to be offered to employees in employee benefit plans ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu PUBLICIS GROUPE SA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 12:16 Publicis formt das neue Network Sapient Razorfish ► Artikel lesen 11:04 Publicis: Sapient Nitro und Razorfish fusionieren ► Artikel lesen Do Publicis combines Razorfish, Sapient in revamp ► Artikel lesen Mi Millennials cinch best-workplace win for Publicis Health Media ► Artikel lesen 10.11. Publicis Groupe: Press Release Pasteur Weizmann Paris, November 10, 2016   The French Committee of the Weizmann Institute of Science and the Pasteur-Weizmann Council are announcing Robert Parienti's decision to retire. He will be succeeded... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Cosmetics and Personal Care | Household, Consumer & Cosmetics | Advertising | Contracts Coty Appoints Publicis Media as Its Lead Agency Globally Translations: English Español Zenith to Lead the Assignment Spanning New Coty Portfolio* NEW YORK, Sept. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Coty has appointed Publicis Media as its lead media agency globally. Publicis Media's Zenith will lead the assignment which will include the current Coty brands and P&G Specialty Beauty Business* brand portfolio being acquired by Coty, with the transition expected to be completed in October of this year. Publicis Media will work in close collaboration with Beamly, Coty's internal digital social and programmatic agency. The combined Coty assignment will span sixteen markets, with Publicis Media responsible for strategy, trading, content and data and analytics for Coty whose brands include color cosmetics brands Rimmel and Sally Hansen, and fragrance brands Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, and Davidoff, and post the merger will include leading cosmetics brands COVERGIRL and Max Factor, fragrance brands such as Hugo Boss and Gucci, and haircare brands such as Wella and Clairol. Bringing together Coty and the P&G Specialty Beauty Business is expected to create one of the world's largest pure-play beauty companies with advertising and promotional spend estimated at well over one billion dollars and is expected to establish Coty as the global leader in fragrances, the second largest in salon professional products, and the third largest in cosmetics. "Zenith has been a trusted partner for Coty. We are excited to expand our partnership with them as we look to elevate the quality of our media while taking advantage of our new scale, as we strive to become over time a global industry leader by being a clear challenger in Beauty," says Camillo Pane, CEO Designate, Coty. "We are thrilled to broaden our partnership with Coty. It's a tremendous endorsement of our Publicis Media vision unveiled earlier this year and the transformative power of our capabilities, talent and collaborative approach to driving our clients' businesses forward," says Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media. * subject to closing of the merger of P&G Specialty Beauty Business into Coty. About Coty Inc.: Coty is a leading global beauty company with net revenues of $4.3 billion for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.  Founded in Paris in 1904, Coty is a pure play beauty company with a portfolio of well-known fragrances, color cosmetics and skin & body care products sold in over 130 countries and territories.  Coty's product offerings include such power brands as adidas, Calvin Klein, Chloé, DAVIDOFF, Marc Jacobs, OPI, philosophy, Playboy, Rimmel and Sally Hansen. Coty is in the process of completing a transaction with The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) to merge P&G's fine fragrance, color cosmetics, salon professional and hair color business and a portion of its hair styling businesses ("P&G Specialty Beauty Business") into Coty, with brands that include Cover Girl, Clairol, Gucci, Hugo Boss, Max Factor, Wella. With the completion of the merger, Coty is expected to have pro forma combined annual revenues of approximately $9.0 billion based on fiscal 2016 performance and to be the global leader in fragrances, with market leading positions in color cosmetics and hair color & styling. For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com. About Publicis Media: Publicis Media is one of the four solutions hubs of Publicis Groupe ([Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40], alongside Publicis Communications, Publicis.Sapient and Publicis Healthcare. Led by Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media is comprised of four global brands, Starcom, Zenith, Mediavest | Spark and Optimedia | Blue 449, powered by digital-first, data-driven global practices that together deliver client value and business transformation. Publicis Media is committed to helping its clients navigate the modern media landscape and is present in more than 100 countries with over 17,500 employees worldwide. Twitter: @PublicisMedia. PRESS CONTACTS:  Anita Mcgorty  Publicis Media  212 468-3788  anita.mcgorty@publicismedia.com Claire Ballard  Publicis Media – EMEA  +44 20 7190 8056  claire.ballard@publicismedia.com SOURCE Publicis Media More by this Source Coty ernennt Publicis Media zu seiner globalen Lead-Agentur 17 Sep, 2016, 20:21 BST Coty nomme Publicis Media comme sa principale agence dans le monde entier 17 Sep, 2016, 20:03 BST Coty nombra a Publicis Media como su agencia líder en todo el mundo 16 Sep, 2016, 19:28 BST View all news by Publicis Media Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Cosmetics and Personal Care News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
null
null
Home Jayalalithaa has recovered fully: Apollo Hospitals SC Collegium refuses to accept govt.'s rejection of 43 names for HC judges U.S.-born panda twins struggle in China as they know only English People are affected, there may be riots: Supreme Court Chennai   | Hyderabad   | Bengaluru   | Delhi   | Mumbai   | Tamil Nadu   | Andhra Pradesh   | Environment   | Cinema   | thREAD   | Metroplus   | Specials    Today's Paper All Sections News News National International Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other states Cities Business Business Agri-Business Economy Industry Markets OP-ED Opinion Columns Editorial Interview Readers' Editor Resources Resources The India Cables Elections Topics Events Lit for Life November Fest Life & Style Entertainment Art Cinema Dance History & Culture Music Theatre Motoring Travel Books Literary Review Know Your English Videos Videos Features Cinema Downtown Education Plus Friday Review Magazine Metroplus Property Plus Young World In School Empower Specials Specials In Depth Live Chat Timelines Data Sport Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Races Other Sports Sci-Tech Sci-Tech Environment Health Science Technology Gadgets Internet News National As it happened: RS, LS adjourned till Monday EC writes to Central govt. on indelible ink issue People are affected, there may be riots: Supreme Court SC Collegium refuses to accept govt.'s rejection of 43 names for HC judges Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    Andhra Pradesh   | Karnataka   | Kerala   | Tamil Nadu   | Telangana   | Other States    International 73 killed, 100 injured in Mozambique fuel tanker explosion Anti-Muslim Buddhist monk in Myanmar: Trump ‘similar to me’ U.S.-born panda twins struggle in China as they know only English Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris South Asia   | World    South Asia   | World    Opinion The morality of binaries Reaching the new normal Why air power was not used in 1962 After the storm When 86 per cent of currency notes in a country of 1.3 billion people are render... Cartoon   | Columns   | Editorial   | Interview   | Lead   | Letters   | Comment   | Open Page   | Readers' Editor    Business HC orders winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal The biggest ever fire sale of Indian corporate assets has begun, to tide over bad loans crisis UPA government also proposed it, we said no Agri-Business   | Budget   | Industry   | Economy   | Markets   | Stock Quotes    Sport du Plessis charged with ball tampering Grand debut for de Grandhomme as Kiwis take charge Kohli continues to build monuments India all out for 455 in second England Test Cricket   | Football   | Hockey   | Tennis   | Races   | Other Sports    Videos Features Sci-Tech Crossword Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kozhikode Kolkata Madurai Mangaluru Mumbai Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Cities » Hyderabad HYDERABAD, September 16, 2016 Updated: September 16, 2016 05:59 IST P & G opens first planning service centre Special Correspondent. Comment   ·   print   ·   T  T   T+  ·   T- Tweet Fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) major P & G India on Thursday threw open its Planning Service Centre at Kottur in Shadnagar mandal of adjoining Mahabubnagar district. Envisaged as a Centre of Excellence and inaugurated by Industries Minister K.T. Rama Rao, it is located in the existing 170-acre facility of the company, in the presence of its CEO & MD Al Rajwani. In his brief address at the inaugural, Mr. Rajwani said P & G was a pioneer in setting up such a model and the Kottur facility was seventh after similar centres in Cincinnati (USA), Cairo, Singapore, Guangzhou (China) and Warsaw. These centres were specifically modelled to cater to the needs of the respective regions he said, adding that the Kottur facility would manage the supply chain planning for markets in the Indian sub-continent. Mr. Rama Rao expressed his happiness when told that thus far P & G India had invested about Rs. 1,050 crore. In response to appreciation conveyed by Mr. Rajwani on cooperation from the State, he said Government of Telangana would continue to extend all possible help and facilitate development towards industrial progress. Others present included Mahabubnagar MP A.P. Jitender Reddy and Shadnagar MLA Anjaiah Yadav and Principal Secretary-Industries Arvind Kumar. More In: Hyderabad Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor Most Popular Most Commented Nagarjuna says he owes nothing to banks Katherine Hadda, new US Consul-General in Hyderabad Red Arrows- straight to your heart Private banks have no cash to exchange Daily grind comes to a halt for these workers IRCTC offers Sabarimala package Telangana likely to have 31 districts A century-old Urdu institute goes digital Plan to widen 127 city roads Curbs on ATM withdrawals put brakes on debit card frauds Vijayawada Misconceptions galore about seizures RTC passengers feel cheated Krishna water dispute: Karnataka counsel favours technical panel Innovative use of heart valve saves the day for tall youth Smugglers’ plans come unstuck The Hindu to host science fest City to host FIDE-rated chess tourney State emerges as a solar power hub ALC celebrates National Book Week CM Security Group gets 290 more cops Visakhapatnam Demand for ban on bottom trawling fishing gets louder RK’s wife condemns use of her name, photo in poster Women protest at Naidu’s meeting Nepal Exim cargo: Customs Dept. spells out norms Tatkal special trains to Tirupati Follow @The_Hindu Group Sites The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre Images Classifieds RoofandFloor O P E N close Recent Article in Hyderabad Katherine Hadda, new US Consul-General in Hyderabad The new US Consul-General in Hyderabad, Katherine Hadda, assumed charge recently.During her tenure as Consul General in Hyderabad, Ms. Hadda... » The Hindu: Home | Today's Paper | News | National | International | Opinion | Business | Sport | Videos | Features | Sci-Tech | Crossword | The Site: | About Us | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Contacts | Archive | Subscribe | RSS Feeds | Site Map Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Classifieds | Comments to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in  Copyright© 2016, The Hindu
null


Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Success Drivers Press Release Receive press releases from Success Drivers: By Email RSS Feeds: Success Drivers Expanding with New Office in California The successful European customer insight agencys expansion comes after highly prosperous projects with US based companies T-Mobile, Procter & Gamble and SONOS. Santa Barbara, CA, September 16, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Success Drivers, a leading marketing analytics team based in Cologne, Germany today announced it would be expanding its business operations to the United States. The company, which created the trademarked analytics program NEUSRELTM, sees growth into the American market as a natural progression. The company has already successfully completed several projects with major American firms and looks to continue this trend. “We are thrilled to be joining the American market and look forward to working with companies to choose the most effective strategies and tactics,” says founder and CEO of Success Drivers, Frank Buckler. “This move shows our desire to generate new demand for advanced causal business analytics in which we are the leader. Our methods have been praised from some of the worlds most renowned business thinkers and company leaders.” Success Drivers has been revolutionizing the customer insight market since its inception in 2008. Their work with T-Mobile contributed to a market share gain of 70% for the telecommunications firm. The company helped SONOS to sustainably improve effectiveness of its sales and marketing strategies. Recently, Success Drivers performed the Key Driver Analysis for the largest ever study on Marketing Leadership. The analysis results will be published on Sept 22, 2016 in the book “The 12 Powers of a Marketing Leader: How to Succeed by Building Customer and Company Value” from publisher McGraw-Hill Education. To learn more about the company or to book an interview, contact Leonard Dumanovsky at 1.503.454.6253 or email, leonard@alcoveagency.com. About Success Drivers Success Drivers is a leading customer insight agency specialized in identifying key success drivers. Founded in 2008 by Dr. Frank Buckler, the company has emerged as an analytics industry leader. The revolutionary self-learning causal analysis NEUSRELTM typically triples the validity of insights, because it 1. Builds on causation not correlation, 2. Considers total not just direct impacts and 3. Is the only approach in world to reveals unexpected interactions and nonlinearities. Reputed brands such as Audi, Procter& Gamble, SONOS, Unilever and T-Mobile are among its customers. Success Drivers are based in Cologne (Germany) and Santa Barbara (California). Please visit out website at www.success-drivers.com for more information. Contact Information Success Drivers Leonard Dumanovsky (503) 454-6253 Contact www.success-drivers.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Success Drivers Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Electric Toothbrush Market 2021 Share, Growth and Regional Forecast ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Electric Toothbrush 2021 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 17, 2016 ) This report studies Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2011 to 2015, and forecast to 2021. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Philips Sonicare Oral-B (P & G) Panasonic Omron Healthcare Colgate-Palmolive FOREO Wellness Interplak (Conair) PURSONIC Smilex Kolibree Ningbo Seago Electric LION For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-electric-toothbrush-market-professional-survey-report-2016 By types, the market can be split into Type I Type II Type III By Application, the market can be split into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001388158/sample Table of Content 1 Industry Overview of Electric Toothbrush 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 4 Global Electric Toothbrush Overall Market Overview 4.1 2011-2016E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2011-2016E Global Electric Toothbrush Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2015 Electric Toothbrush Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2011-2016E Global Electric Toothbrush Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2011-2016E Global Electric Toothbrush Sales Price 4.4.2 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Electric Toothbrush Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Electric Toothbrush Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Electric Toothbrush Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2015 Electric Toothbrush Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Electric Toothbrush Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Electric Toothbrush Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2015 Electric Toothbrush Market Share Analysis Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001388158/discount. 6 Global 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 7 Global 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Segment Market Analysis (by Application) 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 8.1 Philips Sonicare 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Type I 8.1.2.2 Type II 8.1.2.3 Type III 8.1.3 Philips Sonicare 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Philips Sonicare 2015 Electric Toothbrush Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Oral-B (P & G) 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Type I 8.2.2.2 Type II 8.2.2.3 Type III 8.2.3 Oral-B (P & G) 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Oral-B (P & G) 2015 Electric Toothbrush Business Region Distribution Analysis 9 Development Trend of Analysis of Electric Toothbrush Market 10 Electric Toothbrush Marketing Type Analysis 11 Consumers Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 12 Conclusion of the Global Electric Toothbrush Market Professional Survey Report 2016 Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001388158/buy/3500. Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Inside China's 'richest village': Mystery Socialist town where everyone has '$124K in the bank' - but if you leave, you lose it all Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Desperate search under way for missing week-old baby after her mother is found shot dead in Kansas EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance - but Solange's elevator attack on Jay-Z was 'straight up' over another woman Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Busted! Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is caught by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in photo Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out Reporter for Houston television station fired for pro-Trump and anti-Obama Facebook posts 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from events dessert company after she failed to answer their calls Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Trumps trigger Twitter meltdown: Pictures of 'leggy' Ivanka and Jared Kushner joining President-elect Donald for meeting with Japanese Prime Minister draw criticism Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  Barack offends the Brits: Obama visits Europe for the last time - but irks with decision to go to BERLIN and UK Prime Minister Theresa May has to make do with a 'brush by' instead of proper meeting  Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower Previous Next Jessica Alba could sell her Honest Company to Unilever for up to $1billion The Honesty Company co-founder is reportedly in talks with Unilever Unilever, which makes Axe body spray and Dove soap, could acquire the company for $1billion But the consumer goods startup has reportedly not ruled out going public  Jessica Alba, 35, co-founded the company in 2011, which sells diapers, lotion and cleaning products that are free of 'harsh chemicals' It has since grown rapidly, last year selling lip gloss, blush and mascara under the brand Honest Beauty By Myriah Towner For Dailymail.com Published: 02:08 EST, 17 September 2016 | Updated: 11:00 EST, 17 September 2016 e-mail 1k shares 236 View comments Actress and business mogul Jessica Alba may be selling her consumer packaged goods startup The Honest Company for more than $1 billion, according to a report Actress and business mogul Jessica Alba may be selling her consumer packaged goods startup The Honest Company for $1 billion, according to a report. The movie star co-founded the company about five years ago, which sells diapers, soap, lotion and cleaning products that it says are free of 'harsh chemicals.' It has since grown rapidly, and late last year started selling lip gloss, blush and mascara under the brand Honest Beauty.  Now Unilever, which makes Axe body spray and Dove soap, is in talks to acquire the company for more than $1 billion but 'significantly less' than the $1.7 billion Honest Co was valued at in a funding round last year, The Wall Street Journal reported. Talks of the deal are at an early stage, sources familiar with the matter told the newspaper. The startup has also not ruled out going public, sources said. Alba pictured at the launch of The Honest Company at Target in 2014. The movie star co-founded the company about five years ago, which sells diapers, soap, lotion and cleaning products that it says are free of 'harsh chemicals' Now Unilever (headquarters pictured), which makes Axe body spray and Dove soap, is reportedly in talks to acquire the company for more than $1 billion but 'significantly less' than the $1.7 billion Honest Co was valued at in a funding round last year Since the company got its start in 2011, it has reportedly raised more than $200 million from outside investors. Should the acquisition move forward, Honest Co - which generates roughly $300 million in annual revenue - will pay some investors double their investment, according to Journal. The startup's focus on 'natural' and 'green' cleaning products would expand Unilever's expanding presence in the fast-growing market as well as the diaper business, the newspaper reported. Currently, Unilever does not carry any brands that compete with Honest Co. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bayer inks $66 billion deal to acquire weed killer Monsanto... Wish you never upgraded to iOS 10? This trick lets you... Share this article Share Unilever recently acquired California start-up Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion, sharpening its rivalry with Procter & Gamble, which owns the Gillette brand. Unilever's acquisition of the subscription razor company also showed how e-commerce is disrupting the market for consumer packaged goods. The 35-year-old Alba co-founded Honest Co with Brian Lee, Sean Kane and Christopher Gavin. The company, based in Los Angeles, sells its products online and at discount retailer Target, grocery chain Whole Foods and other major stores around the country.  Honest Co products are shown above. The company sells its products online and at major stores including Target and Whole Foods The Honest Company has since grown rapidly, and late last year started selling lip gloss, blush and mascara under the brand Honest Beauty Pack a punch in pink pumps like Jessica Alba Jimmy Choo Anouk Suede Pumps in Pink Sold out - Buy them in red! Visit site She always looks effortlessly chic and turned out to perfection and it was no different here for Jessica Alba as she attended her Honest Beauty event. Her white sheer, bodycon dress really showed off Jessica's super slimline body and toned limbs, but what really set off the look were those bright Barbie pink pumps. A candy pink this bold can look particularly girly, but when teamed with a utilitarian piece such as this, it really balances things out leaving you with a fabulous contrast. Jessica's Jimmy Choo pumps are sadly long gone, but you can steal her pretty in pink style by bagging one of our alternative pairs of sassy shoes below. * PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED ...NOW GET SOME LIKE THEM! Nine West Flax at 6pm Visit site Ivanka Trump Carra at 6pm Visit site KATE SPADE NEW YORK Licorice Suede Pumps at Lord & Taylor Visit site http://fave.co/2d2eGig Visit site Earlier this year, The Wall Street Journal reported it had tested the Honest Co's detergent at two laboratories and found it had sodium lauryl sulfate.  On its website, Honest Co promises that it doesn't use SLS — a common ingredient in other brands — because it can cause skin irritation. The company responded saying its detergent contains sodium coco sulfate instead, an ingredient it says is a 'gentler alternative.'  It also said it conducted 'rigorous testing' and said the Journal's article is wrong and 'reckless.' The Journal said its report was 'accurate, fair and meets' its standards. Privately held Honest Co is also facing a class action lawsuit from customers who said the company's sunscreen failed to protect them, causing sun burns, according to court documents.  That case is still pending and Honest Co has said its products are safe.  During an interview last month with Today, addressed the suits lodged against the natural products company, alleging they may be less than effective and contain toxic ingredients.  Unilever recently acquired California start-up Dollar Shave Club (products from the startup pictured) for $1 billion, sharpening its rivalry with Procter & Gamble, which owns the Gillette brand Alba said on the show that she believes many of the allegations simply stem from her company being an 'easy target' due to the awareness her star power brings to the brand. 'Obviously, we want our customers to have the best experience with our brand,' the actress stated. 'If an organization wants to bring awareness to their cause, I'm an easy target and our brand is an easy target, obviously, because I get different kind of attention than other brands would. It's just sort of what happens.' She went on to express her faith in how well informed her customers really are, explaining: 'Our customers are savvy enough to do research and understand the integrity of our products.' 'We stand by our ingredients, the effectiveness of the products, and we're pretty optimistic that we're going to win every case,' she continued. Adding, 'It's just a headline, really, because when you look into any of it, they're baseless. There's no merit behind any of it.' Read more: Unilever Is in Talks to Acquire Jessica Alba’s Honest Co. - WSJ Jessica Alba defends Honest Company, talks new 'Mechanic: Resurrection' role - TODAY.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 1k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Hillary Clinton makes first appearance since her concession Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18... Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen     DON'T MISS Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Today's headlines Most Read Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank'... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Benghazi committee member to lead... National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Desperate search under way for missing week-old baby after her mother is found shot dead in Kansas EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has... Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted... Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out Reporter for Houston television station fired for pro-Trump and anti-Obama Facebook posts 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive... Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants... Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who... Something we said, Barack? Obama visits Europe for the last time before standing down as US president - but... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... EXCLUSIVE: Peter Thiel has created a secret database called the 'Plum List' to screen and 'fast-track' top... MORE HEADLINES Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Mother, father and their two daughters aged five and 18 months are found dead at Virginia home in murder suicide Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank' - but once you leave you lose everything EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson reveals how media executive sexually assaulted her after she was crowned Miss America Out of the shadows for the first time in 45 years, the disfigured hermit who hid away from society aged 15 but now faces his demons to pay respects to late Thai king  Married substitute teacher's aide, 42, 'had sexual contact including oral sex with two male high school students - and made her husband drive one home after a tryst' Father who shot dead his daughter's sexual abuser is sentenced to 40 years in jail after pleading guilty to save her from testifying THE picture to prove you have a dirty mind: Upside down photo of a bed titillates the internet MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home About Us The Catholic Free Press Mission Friends of The Free Press Who’s Who Photo Galleries Contact Us Subscribe to Catholic Free Press Advertise with The Catholic Free Press Order Diocesan Directory Links Sep 16 TV star Frank Runyeon imparts lessons in Blackstone Posted By The Catholic Free Press September 16, 2016 | 4:39 pm | Featured Article #2 Facebook0 Twitter0 Pinterest0 Google+0 LinkedIn0 By Tanya Connor | The Catholic Free Press BLACKSTONE – God should be at the center, but he’s been cut out of life. That makes it harder to teach the faith. This message was communicated Sunday, Sept. 11, when television star Frank Runyeon spoke to religious education students, teachers and parents at St. Theresa Parish. But then he showed how children can make a difference. Mr. Runyeon has translated and adapted biblical texts for his one-man dramas, including “Luke: Stories on the Road,” which he presented Tuesday, Sept. 13, for a parish mission here, and “The Letter of James: What are you doing?” presented Wednesday. Sunday he performed “Salt and Light” for grades 1-5, and talked to grades 6-10 about “Hollywood versus Faith.” Mr. Runyeon’s familiar with the actor’s world. He starred for seven years on “As the World Turns” and for four years on the Emmy-award-winning “Santa Barbara,” according to his website. He’s also acted in other shows and hosted his own radio talk show. On Sunday he offered glimpses behind the scenes, recounting how he was told he hadn’t been hired to do quality acting or present life as it is, but to “sell soap.” (Soap-maker Procter and Gamble sponsored soap operas, advertising its products.) News broadcasts too are designed to “get you to sit through the commercials,” and begin with the bloodiest story, Mr. Runyeon said. And entertainment focuses on violence and death “so you stop for a second, like (at) a terrible accident.” Often when they are facing hardships, people bargain with God, he said. But filmmakers don’t usually show characters talking to God because people disagree about God, he said. And, in public school, people are not to talk about God, he said. But you can’t put God to the side, because what is in the center of your life becomes your god, he explained. He also drew other contrasts between screen and scriptural values. In commercials one is told that happiness comes from buying things, but Jesus says, “Sell all your stuff.” (Mt 19:21) Females are told happiness is in how they look, so they focus on weight loss, sometimes nearly killing themselves. But St. Paul said, “Your body is the temple of the Holy Spirit” (I Cor 6:19). The culture emphasizes winning, Mr. Runyeon noted. Students are pushed to get As, so they think losing is the worst thing, he said, telling of a student who hung himself because he only heard the story “out there” in the world. The story in church might not seem as enticing, “it just happens to be the truth,” he said. It’s about relationships with people and, most importantly, God. He urged listeners, “Have a relationship with the One who is the truth.” “It’s actually pretty true,” Allison Sawyer, 13, said of Mr. Runyeon’s talk, adding that youth are pressured to get good grades. She said maybe teachers or parents should tell them not to worry; they will still get a house and a job. “I thought it was really inspiring,” said Toni Marino, 13. “It made sense, why all the movies have pretty girls in them.” The talk helped her understand why pretty girls get everything they want, and others don’t, she said. She said now she’ll question things, not just assume they’re true. “We just need people that are able to communicate the message,” said her father, John Marino, a confirmation teacher. “He gives teachers and educators a lot of good talking points.… It reminded me that we have to encourage these kids not to just listen to what’s being fed them (but) to question everything that they see.” Mr. Runyeon helped parents understand why there’s a disconnect for youth when they’re taught about the faith, he said. He said adults are quick to judge and simply tell students to pay attention. “I wished I could do that for my students – what he did for me,” said Deborah Champeau, a grade 8 religious education teacher born in 1951. “It’s not that complicated … God at the center of everything. We grew up in a different time.… All of my friends – God was a part of their lives.” Now, she said, Catholicism is like a second language that seems irrelevant to students. Mr. Runyeon used drama to make Scripture relevant to students in grades 1-5. Like an actor’s script, Scripture “tells us the part we’re supposed to play,” he said. Dramatizing Jesus’ “riddles” – “You are the salt of the earth” and “You are the light of the world” – Mr. Runyeon pretended young listeners were a salt shaker and a light bulb. He said people are like salt when they bring out the goodness in others and keep things from going bad. They are like light when they show others the right way to go. Mr. Runyeon incorporated these challenges into his dramatization of King Herod’s birthday party, at which Herod made a rash promise to the dancer, which led to the killing of John the Baptist (Mk 6:14-29). “John the Baptist died,” Mr. Runyeon said. “That’s what can happen when we forget to be salt and light.” But he said there was a happy ending – John went to heaven. “Do you know we really do have a King, and we’re in the court of our King right now?” Mr. Runyeon asked. He had listeners put their hands on their hearts, face the tabernacle and sing, to the tune of “Happy Birthday,”: “I’ll be salt for you. I’ll be salt for you. I’ll be salt not pepper. Not pepper, Kachoo!” Sign up for our free E-Report Subscriptions 1-year Paper/eEdition : $30.00 USD - yearly 1-year eEdition only : $30.00 USD - yearly 1-year paper only : $30.00 USD - yearly Advertisements Charlton Manor Rest Home Advertise with The Catholic Free Press Browse categories Local National International Vatican Commentary Spiritual Social/Video CNS News RSS Feed Widget Copyright © 2016 Catholic Free Press. All Right Reserved. Site Design by PENTA Communications, Inc. Back to Top
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Keep the flame alive with these Olympic-themed books Print Email Birmingham magazine By Birmingham magazine AL.com Follow on Twitter on September 16, 2016 at 3:12 PM, updated September 16, 2016 at 4:18 PM comments   Tara Massouleh | tmassouleh@al.com  By Susan Swagler This story appears in Birmingham magazine's September 2016 Issue. Subscribe today! I miss the Olympics. For the better part of August, we watched most of the summer Olympics coverage on television. I miss the runners and the hurdlers and searching for coverage of the high jumpers. I miss the swimmers and the cyclists and the soccer players. I miss the drama of the gymnastics, even if that event often seems so maddeningly subjective. I don't miss the golf, but I do miss the beach volleyball. I also miss those "Thank you, Mom" commercials from Procter & Gamble. You know, the ones where the moms are always there for their young athletes—taking them to practice and picking them up ... and picking them up off the floor or field when they fall or fail. The latest version shows moms saving their kids from tornados and hoodlums, soothing their terrified youngsters during a car accident and a turbulent plane ride, proving that, yes, it does take someone strong to make someone strong. Cue the tears. Because of the Rio Games and because it's been on my to-read list, "The Boys in the Boat" by Daniel James Brown was in my beach book bag this summer. This true story of the University of Washington rowing team—sons of loggers, farmers, and shipyard workers—and their quest for gold against the world's most elite teams at the 1936 Berlin Olympics was every bit as good as I expected. It's been out for a few years, and while I was late to that game, reading it just now feels timely to me. So I started looking for other Olympics-related reads and came up with lots of winning titles for readers of all ages. Here are just a few: "Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience and Redemption" by Laura Hillenbrand: The movie was amazing; the award-winning book is even better. A delinquent who channeled his defiance into running, Louis Zamperini competed in the Berlin Games and later became an airman during World War II. His bomber crashed in the Pacific Ocean, and he survived starvation, sharks, enemy aircraft, and then unimaginable brutality in a POW camp. "Gold" by Chris Cleave: This novel about love and sacrifice, by the author of the bestselling "Little Bee," is the story of a world-class athlete named Kate Meadows. Her daughter is battling a recurrence of childhood leukemia just as Kate is about to compete for her last chance at an Olympic gold medal. Kate, who already has sacrificed a lot, has a difficult decision to make. "Triumph: The Untold Story of Jesse Owens and Hitler's Olympics" by Jeremy Schaap: The Owens family gave ESPN national correspondent Schaap unprecedented access, and the author did his research well to tell the story of the African-American son of Alabama sharecroppers who won four gold medals at the 1936 games in Nazi Germany—performing in a way that not only made history but also transcended sports.  "Wilma Unlimited: How Wilma Rudolph Became the World's Fastest Woman" by Kathleen Krull, illustrated by Caldecott Medal-winning artist David Diaz: Wilma Rudolph was only 16 when she competed in the 1956 Melbourne Games on the 4x100 relay team, winning a bronze medal. She followed that up with a triple-gold track-and-field performance in Rome four years later—becoming the first American woman to do so in a single Olympiad. Even more inspiring in this book for young readers: When Wilma was four, her left leg was paralyzed by polio, and doctors predicted (quite wrongly) that she would never walk again. She, of course, vowed to run. "Grace, Gold and Glory: My Leap of Faith" by Gabrielle Douglas: Douglas first captured our hearts with her high-flying leaps way above the balance beam at the 2012 London Games where she was the All-Around Gold Medal winner. This autobiography tells her story of faith, perseverance, and determination. "Running for My Life: One Lost Boy's Journey from the Killing Fields of Sudan to the Olympic Games" by Lopez Lomong: This true story of a Sudanese child refugee who became an Olympic athlete is about much more than just track and field—or Africa, for that matter. It's about faith and fortitude and daring to pursue seemingly impossible dreams.  "A Passion for Victory: The Story of the Olympics in Ancient and Early Modern Times" by Benson Bobrick: This book for young readers chronicles the Olympic games from the barefoot races of 8th century BC to the Berlin Games before World War II. Did you know there were underwater obstacle courses in the early 20th century games? Using the archeological record and more modern history, this book explores the international fixation on the Olympic games (and the social and political implications) and uses interesting anecdotes, athlete profiles, and historic events to detail each installment. Subscribe Now! ($15 for 12 issues) Connect with us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Stay Connected with the Buzz Enter your email address to receive The Buzz, our weekly roundup of what's happening around town. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Subscription successful Thank you for subscribing. You should receive your first newsletter within 24 hours. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Media Kit 2016 Media Kit Birmingham is more than just Greater Birmingham’s leading lifestyle magazine. We combine print and digital media solutions, engaging events and strategic partnerships to deliver Birmingham’s most influential, sophisticated and affluent consumers to our clients. Active Discussions Most Read About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Concerned about where stocks are going? Here's some advice for you. Consumer staples may be a good bet, but playing the sector rotation game can be risky. Post to Facebook Concerned about where stocks are going? Here's some advice for you. Consumer staples may be a good bet, but playing the sector rotation game can be risky.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2d6ucIY {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Concerned about where stocks are going? Here's some advice for you. Mark Hulbert, Special to USA TODAY 5:03 p.m. EDT September 16, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share These 10 voting members of the Federal Open Market Committee decide interest rates for the Federal Reserve. Concerned about where markets are going? Consumer staples may be the place to be. (Photo: Getty) Have the stock market’s big drops over the last week convinced you that we’re now in a bear market? If so, you might want to favor consumer staples stocks and avoid financials. And if you instead are giving the bull market the benefit of the doubt? Believe it or not, the same advice applies. Ned Davis Research found that, just as was the case with bear markets, consumer staples are one of the better relative performers over the last few months of bull markets — and financials was one of the worst. Consumer Staples, of course, are goods that we need all the time — such as food, beverages and basic household items — and which therefore are relatively resistant to the ebb and flow of the economy. The largest two consumer staples companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 index are Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola. USA TODAY Pipeline leak jolts gas prices in Southeast The financials sector, in contrast, is very much cyclical. It consists of banks and other financial service firms. The largest bank in the S&P 500, for example, is JPMorgan. In contrast to these two sectors, the fortunes of the other S&P 500 sectors depend heavily on whether we’re in a late-stage bull market or early in a bear market. Consider the consumer discretionary sector, which contains companies such as home improvement retailer Lowe's and online seller Amazon.com. Not surprisingly, this sector is at or near the top of the sector rankings for late-bull-market performance, according to the Ned Davis data — but near the bottom during the first months of bear markets. Before investing in sectors like consumer discretionary it’s crucial to determine whether we’re in a bull or a bear market. Since the vast majority of stock market timers are unable to consistently forecast major market turning points, playing the sector rotation game can be risky. There are several reasons why the performance ranks of the consumer staples and financials sectors are steadier. One reason that consumer staples companies don’t take a big a turn for the worse in bear markets, for example, is that we need the goods they produce no matter how bad our financial situation might become. USA TODAY What schools teach kids about money is scary Higher interest rates are a primary cause of the consistently poor performance of financial stocks at the end of bull markets and the beginning of bears. Rising rates cut into such companies’ profits and, historically, rates have begun to rise several months before bull markets have come to an end. This is particularly relevant today, given the market’s intense speculation that the Federal Reserve might raise rates as soon as its meeting on Sept. 20-21. Even if you are uncertain whether the bull market has ended or will do so soon, you might be able to sleep more easily at night by reducing your exposure to financials and reinvesting the proceeds in consumer staples stocks. To be sure, you won’t be the first to make this bet. Of the three dozen consumer staples stocks within the S&P 500, in fact, just four have price/earnings ratios that are lower than that of the overall market. But those four deserve a second look: Mondelez International (MDLZ), the maker of snacks and beverages; Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), the agribusiness company; and two major retailers: Kroger (KR), and Walmart Stores (WMT). Mark Hulbert, founder of the Hulbert Financial Digest, has been tracking investment advisers' performances for four decades. For more information, email him at mark@hulbertratings.comor go to www.hulbertratings.com. 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2d6ucIY
Photos Fashion Shopping Music Movies TV Share < br />this article: Jessica Alba’s Honest Co. Reportedly Could Soon Be Sold for More Than $1 Billion  Scott Baumgartner | September 16, 2016 - 3:37 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Getty Images WATCH: Jessica Alba Gives Stephen Colbert a Hipster Millennial Makeover Jessica Alba stopped by The Late Show on Thursday and gave host Stephen Colbert... MORE >> The Fantastic Four starlet might be cashing in her company for a pretty penny! According to sources with the Wall Street Journal, Jessica Alba’s Honest Company is in early negotiations with Unilever PLC for the “green” company’s possible sale. Honest is reportedly valued somewhere between $1 billion and $1.7 billion. (The latter is a recent valuation.) Alba’s fast-growing operation has given heavy-hitters like Proctor & Gamble a run for their money by vowing to offer responsibly made products that don’t contain harsh chemicals and and has built a loyally following among environmentally-conscientious mothers. Honest reportedly brings in roughly $300 million in annual revenue. No deal has been struck yet, and the company is still reportedly considering an initial public offering as an alternative. Alba is among a slew of celebrities, including Jessica Simpson and George Clooney, who have parlayed their fame into smart business ventures in recent years. The 35-year-old has come a long way from Flipper! Jessica Simpson Honors the Little Black Dress While Out on a Date Night 7 Photos » Tags: Fantastic Four, Flipper, George Clooney, Jessica Alba, Jessica Simpson, The Honest Company 0 Recommended for you Anna Kendrick Offers Advice on Dating and How George Clooney Lightens the Mood on Set in Her New Book  Amal Clooney Reveals Her Role Model Is Jessica Simpson Pregnant with Her Third Child? 2016 Presidential Election: Celebrities Cast Their Votes WATCH: Jessica Alba’s Beauty Tips Include Taking a Shot of Tequila Orlando Bloom, Jessica Alba, Kate Hudson and More Attend Katy Perry’s Sock Hop-Themed Halloween Birthday Party Around The Web MOST VIEWED Mila Kunis and Her Big Baby Bump Lead Today’s Star Sightings Jurnee Smollett-Bell and Husband Welcome Their First Child ‘Saved by the Bell’ Producer Opens Up About Iconic ‘Jessie on Speed’… Here’s How Much Money Kim Kardashian Made in 2016 ‘Gilmore Girls’ Casting Director Reveals Which Co-Star Alexis Bledel… Sign Up For The Latest Celebuzz News Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Top Photos All » Gigi Hadid and Her Secret Music Career Lead Today’s Star Sightings Emma Stone, Channing Tatum and More Hit the Red Carpet for the Variety and WWD StyleMakers Awards Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon Have Finally Settled Their Divorce Madonna Will Appear on ‘Carpool Karaoke,’ Gets a Kiss From Zac Efron Blake Lively Shows Off Her Post-Baby Body Two Months After Giving Birth Miley Cyrus Seemingly Throwing Shade at Melania Trump Leads Today’s Star Sightings You'll Love Jon Hamm Talks About His Big Penis Nick Cannon Expecting a Baby with Ex Khloé Kardashian Loves Tristan Thompson MOBILE SITE Celebuzz is part of SpinMedia About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
null
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor This Controversial Commodity Could Be Worth 5X More Than Gold Home | Andrew Packer Tags: markets | stop | losses | invest Beware the Dangers of Stop Losses in Choppy Markets (Dollar Photo Club) By Andrew Packer Friday, 16 Sep 2016 07:41 AM More Posts by Andrew Packer Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A      Investing makes for one fantastic spectator sport. After this past week’s rising volatility, no doubt many investors are wishing they had taken some money off the table while things were quiet. Yet investing, when done properly, is a much better participatory sport. There’s nothing quite like taking some capital, moving it into your new favorite stock, and feeling overjoyed as it rallies. But it’s not that simple. It requires the patience and determination to deal with short-term market uncertainty. That’s why many investors employ a strategy you may have heard of: passive investing. It simply means buying the entire market via an index fund, and having no strong opinion either way. The market’s return becomes your return (after a tiny sliver of fees is taken out). That’s definitely a great way to invest if you don’t have the time to find great opportunities. If you use a tax-deferred account as well, like a 401(k) plan or an IRA, the tax benefits mean you’ll fare even better than the market over time. The upside is you’re invested in the entire market. The downside is that you’re invested in the entire market. If some individual names do great, that’ll factor into your returns. If some companies go bankrupt, you’ll feel the pain, although it’ll be a small sting. While that’s a good strategy—and one that I employ in tax-advantaged accounts—it doesn’t account for the fact that with discipline, you can do better than the market. In fact, when it comes down to it, there’s no real way to invest while being passive about it. Even if your only choice is to buy shares in an index fund or stay in cash, you still have to make the decision. If you decide to avoid investing more because the market crashes, you’ll miss out on the next upswing. On the plus side, cash loses its value to inflation gradually over time, not immediately. Likewise, index investors putting money to work on a regular basis are likely to be buying at short-term tops at times. In today’s world, the push for automation in everything from the products we buy to the cars we own has reached into the world of passive investing as well. Using strategies like stop losses, for instance can save you some gains now, but at the expense of greater profits later. For example, say that you bought shares of Procter and Gamble (PG) back in 2003. Your approach was to buy and hold—and passively manage risk with a 20% trailing stop. Seems like the best of both worlds, doesn’t it? There’s the potential for capital gains, a moderate and growing dividend on the way up. You also have stop-loss that rises with the stock to ensure that, after the price goes up at least 20%, you’ll lock in some gains. This approach would have worked pretty well on a venerable consumer-staple play like P&G, whose low Beta of .53 meant that it should have only moved half as much as the markets. But then the 2008 wipeout happened.   On September 12th, 2008, the share price was $73.15. Less than 2 months later, on October 27th, the share price was at $57.27. That’s a 22% dip that would have gotten our theoretical investment stopped out at $58.86. To be fair, the passive investor would have probably been grateful, considering the state of the market at the time. But with the stop loss, that was it. They were out of the trade. There was no automated way to tell our passive investor to get back into the trade. They would have gotten back to breakeven—and even to a profit—had they just had the patience to sit through the crash! And if they did get back into the trade, they would have gotten stopped out again 2015 as shares took another steep dive in 2015. In the case of small cap stocks, which are the nursery for the next generation of mega-cap stocks, a periodic 20% correction is pretty commonplace, only to bounce to new highs that reward more patient investors. That’s something investors should expect in the space of a year. But for blue-chip stocks, it’s more infrequent, but it’s not impossible. Could you have taken this passive approach while investing in small caps like Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-B) in the 1960’s or Wal-Mart (WMT) in the 1970’s and still hold million-dollar positions in those blue-chips today? Nope, you would have been wiped out ages ago, a victim of your own passive investment style. Heck, you might have even sold at a loss! There’s no ideal way to deal with this rising automation. It’s programmed by the same people that make mistakes with their own money. Programmed trades likely made the 1987 crash bigger than it needed to be to bring valuations back in line. Ditto with the tech crash and housing bubble. The important thing is to keep an eye on what you own. And rather than look at a loss as a potential sale, first think about whether or not it’s an opportunity to buy more. Buying stocks in early 2009 was like buying filet mignon and lobster for $3 a pound at the store. It’s a rare opportunity, and one that doesn’t last forever. The market closed down in August and had a major decline last week. We could be in for some more turbulence. If you employ automation strategies like stop losses, it’s time to rethink whether they’re proving you with value, or hobbling your long-term returns. It’s also a good time to think about what you want to own next. Create a watch list of stocks you’d like to own at a price you think is fair.   Andrew Packer is a Senior Financial Editor with Newsmax Media. He currently writes the Insider Hotline investment advisory, serves as investment director for the Financial Braintrust, and is managing editor of Financial Intelligence Report. To read more of his work, GO HERE NOW.   More Posts by Andrew Packer Fiscal Policy Will Make a Roaring Comeback in 2017 Is the 'Earnings Recession' Over? Political Uncertainty in Markets Is Your Friend, Not Your Foe More Newsmax Blogs: Patrick Watson: Trump Trade War Already Begun Megan McArdle: Anthem Threat Highlights Obamacare's Big Test Juliette Fairley: Economists on Trump Trade Plans: 'Risks of Miscalculation Are High' © 2016 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share AndrewPacker Investing makes for one fantastic spectator sport. After this past week's rising volatility, no doubt many investors are wishing they had taken some money off the table while things were quiet. markets, stop, losses, invest 991 Friday, 16 Sep 2016 07:41 AM 2016-41-16 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Janus' Gross Says Trump Will be One-termer, in Failure for Populism Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 34 comments Stick to Wall street manipulation Mr Gross. You know nothing about what... Gallup: Economic Confidence Surges After Trump Beats Hillary for White House Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 28 comments What the numbers tell us is, that democrats simply cannot comprehend the... Larry Summers: Trump's Economic Plan Is 'Ill-Designed' And Harmful Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 15 comments Why are so many of the architects of the failed economic and fiscal... Trump Eyes Oil Billionaire, Lawmaker for Energy Secretary Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 16 comments He should consider instead simply eliminating Energy and Interior [which... Trump Fulfilling A Campaign Promise Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 12 comments Sorry, but we Americans have a lot more to deal and worry about right now,... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Home | Streaming Media | Streaming Media Producer SEARCH Search for: Go Subscribe to the OnlineVideo Playlist eNewsletter News Video Essentials Buyer's Guides How-Tos Reviews Ultimate Guides Videos Events About Contact Newsletter News DMEXCO: Industry Forms Coalition to Create Global Ad Standards By Troy Dreier ⋅ September 16, 2016 ⋅  Print This Post ⋅ Post a comment Filed Under  adblocker, blocking, DMexco, Faceboook, Google The biggest piece of news to come out of DMEXCO this year is the creation of the Coalition for Better Ads, a group of companies from across the advertising community that will work together to improve the online advertising experience. Scott Spencer of Google and Stephan Loerke of the World Federation of Advertisers at DMEXCO 16 The 16 founding members and supporters include the American Association of Advertising Agencies (4As), Association of National Advertisers (ANA), BVDW Germany, Digital Content Next, DMA, European Publishers Council, Facebook, Google, GroupM, IAB, Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), News Media Alliance, Procter & Gamble, Unilever, The Washington Post, and World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) The coalition will create data-driven standards that can improve the online ad experience, and will deploy technology to implement those standards through the IAB Tech Lab. It will also use its leverage to promote wide adoption of its standards. “Our members recognize that there is room for improvement with the current consumer online advertising experience, as indicated in part by the emergence of ad blocking,” said Nancy Hill, president and CEO of the American Association of Advertising Agencies (4As), in the group’s founding announcement. “Now is the time for advertising professionals and marketers to look at ourselves to understand why consumers are not responding to these types of ads, and figure out how we can correct the issue to better engage with the consumers we’re trying to reach.” Speaking on a DMEXCO panel on ad-blocking, Scott Spencer, director of product management for coalition member Google, noted that consumers don’t think about whether the publisher or the advertiser is to blame for a poor ad experience, and that the problem impacts the entire ad ecosystem. Ad blockers aren’t the problem, Spencer continued; poor ad experiences are the problem. By studying what’s at the root of consumer frustration, the coalition can solve it so the entire industry can move forward. It’s essential to respect the consumer and address the source of ad annoyances. When the industry does that, he said, the reason to use ad blockers will go away. Related Posts How Publishers and Advertisers Lose Out on Revenue: Report DMEXCO: Twitter Shows That Mobile and Video Go Together Beyond Viewability: Research Shows the Way to Ad Effectiveness Online Advertisers Need to Adapt or Get Left Behind, Warns Google Ad Fraud Is a Short-Term Issue, Ad-Blocking Is a Long-Term Issue IAB Tech Lab Releases LEAN Scoring Product Roadmap to Stem the Tide of Ad Blocking Discussion Comments for “DMEXCO: Industry Forms Coalition to Create Global Ad Standards” Post a comment Click here to cancel reply. Name * E-mail * Web site Comment       Latest Popular Comments Most Popular Email Video Marketing: Everything You Need to Know to Get Started Beyond Viewability: Research Shows the Way to Ad Effectiveness Online Advertisers Need to Adapt or Get Left Behind, Warns Google Millennials Are Tuning Into Live Online Video—and Live Video Ads DMEXCO: Video Advertisers Discover the Magic of 15-Second Ads DMEXCO: Twitter Shows That Mobile and Video Go Together The Besties 2016: It's Time to Vote! DMEXCO: VR Is the Future, as Facebook Pivots to Mobile and Video Online Ad Spend Eclipsing TV By End of Year, Video Leads the Way DMEXCO: Industry Forms Coalition to Create Global Ad Standards 5 Practical Tips for Creating Live Streaming Video Experiences By Stjepan Alaupovic, October 2, 2016 NY Media Festival Looks at the State of Advertising and Marketing By Troy Dreier, September 29, 2016 The Besties 2016: It’s Time to Vote! By Troy Dreier, September 29, 2016 Programmatic Video Ad Sales to Double This Year to $6.2B By Troy Dreier, September 27, 2016 Email Video Marketing: Everything You Need to Know to Get Started By Bree Brouwer, September 25, 2016 Hi there. Nice Article... Can I use a monetized video from YouTube on Google Play App Store ? Means By Vatsal on September 30, 2016 How exactly did they help? Please share how you got it to work. By Shaul on September 25, 2016 Am impress your tutorial, how can i downloads your clips By Integrity Multimedia Productions on September 18, 2016 Thanks, great tips. By the way there is licensing tool Lobster, where other people can buy your Vime By Tatiana on September 15, 2016 SO glad to hear, Peter!!! I had a feeling they might be able to help. :) By sharon on September 13, 2016 Featured Articles How to Create Buzz Around Live Online Video Events Comcast Offers 5 Secrets to Entertainment Marketing Success SXSW Report: Viral Videos Can Be Engineered; Here’s How Video The Dos and Don’ts of YouTube Marketing Video Conversion: What Does it Mean, and How Can You Achieve It? Sponsors Onlinevideo.net – Online Video Marketing Strategies, News, and Tips. © 2009 - 2016, Information Today, Inc. PRIVACY/COOKIES POLICY  
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Meet Snapcart, the Indonesian startup turning shopping receipts into cash News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Meet Snapcart, the Indonesian startup turning shopping receipts into cash Snapcart offers cash rebates for users who send in pictures of their shopping receipts, but founders say their startup is “more than just a rewards app” and are gearing up for regional expansion. By Tang See Kit, Channel NewsAsia Posted 16 Sep 2016 14:36 Updated 16 Sep 2016 14:40 Launched in September 2015, Indonesia-based Snapcart promises shoppers with small cash rebates when they upload their shopping receipts to the app. (Photo: Snapcart) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE: Snap a picture of your shopping receipt, upload it to an app and you may receive a cash rebate of as much as 5 per cent of your total bill. It may sound too good to be true, but that is the business model of Indonesian startup Snapcart, which was launched last year. Touted as the first mobile app in Indonesia to have such a concept, the company started off by calculating cashback rewards based on selected products that fall under brands it is working with, but is now gearing up for a shift to offering rebates based on one’s total purchase.  According to the app’s founders, Mr Reynazran Royono and Ms Teresa Condicion, the average cash rewards range from 3.5 per cent to 5 per cent, and users can opt to receive them as top-up values for prepaid phones, online shopping vouchers or cash that is transferred directly their bank accounts. Apart from attracting shoppers that like a good deal, they said Snapcart also taps into the “second nature” of Asian consumers “who love taking photos with their smartphones”. Since its launch, the startup has had half a million downloads in its home market and boasts of a retention rate that is comparable with popular chat apps. “Well, we give away money and that’s why our users like us. We have a retention rate of up to 40 per cent after 30 days… a huge number that’s comparable with many chat apps and is quite an achievement I think,” said co-founder and CEO Royono, who was speaking to Channel NewsAsia on the sidelines of the inaugural Millennial 20/20 Summit held in Singapore last week. “WE’RE MORE THAN JUST A REWARDS APP” While the startup has made its name as one of the few platforms in the region that offers consumers cash back for their offline purchases, the founders pride themselves on being “more than just a rewards app”. In fact, Snapcart – a combination of “snap”, which is the verbalised form of “taking a snap”, and “cart” that stands for customer analytics and retail tracking – was founded with an aim to resolve the dearth of real-time insights on offline purchases in Southeast Asia. According to co-founder and COO Condicion, tracking offline commerce and consumer habits still largely involves “manual and tedious” methods such as door-to-door surveys. “When I was leading the market research team for the region at Procter & Gamble (P&G), we would take three to four weeks to collect these data by going door to door… by the time it’s collated, three to four months have passed and the data isn’t useful at all in helping me understand how my brands were doing,” explained Ms Condicion. With the painstakingly-collected data being outdated, they are rarely used by the sales and marketing team, Mr Royono, who started off his career in P&G’s Indonesia sales team, added. “We felt that frustration during our time in P&G and we thought that it’s time to provide some real-time analytics capability into the offline purchase world, which still makes up 98 per cent of the total purchase in this region,” he said. However, collecting offline commerce data in a fragmented market such as Indonesia is no walk in the park. “The ideal way is to integrate the point-of-sale systems across all the retailers but, the thing is, that is not going to happen. Systems are fragmented and retailers are secretive when it comes to their own data,” Mr Royono said. With shopping receipts usually containing a wealth of information about shoppers’ behaviours, the team eventually decided on incentivising shoppers to send in their receipts by offering small cash rewards. Frustrated by the lack of real-time data on offline purchases, Mr Reynazran Royono and Ms Teresa Condicion decided to address the issue. (Photo: Tang See Kit) Through the receipts gathered, its team of data scientists then analyses the raw data and turns them into real-time insights about consumer spending and shopping habits for brands. Said Ms Condicion: “The market research industry is a US$60 billion business and it remains dominated by companies that are still getting data from door-to-door surveys. Our model is to disrupt that and sell our data to brands who are spending millions on these less usable data. We want to help companies learn more about their shoppers and markets in a real-time manner.” Given the team’s background in the consumer goods industry and firsthand experience of the lack of real-time market research, Mr Royono noted that the startup has had quite a “smooth ride” thus far. “To be honest, there is no challenge. It’s been kind of a smooth ride (in terms) of support from investors and brands. I think it’s because of our credentials in the industry so it’s easier for us, compared to a fresh university graduate, to talk to brands within our networks and get their support even before we launched.” NEXT STEP: REGIONAL EXPANSION  Moving forward, Snapcart will continue working on its in-house technology to capture various forms of shopping receipts and has plans to eventually evolve into a “shopping assistant”. “Now that we know what you typically buy and how much you’ve been spending, we can help you organise your budget, help you recommend a shopping basket and where to go for best deals. These are definitely plans for the future,” said Ms Condicion. Geographical expansion across Southeast Asia is also on the cards, following its recent move into the Philippines. Other markets that are on the list include Thailand, Malaysia and Vietnam, where information about offline purchases remain scarce. “We look at markets that have huge gaps when it comes to offline purchase data. Philippines is a market that’s really hard to understand because not all retailers share their data,” Mr Royono explained. “Their biggest retailer, SM Retail, is not sharing its data with the market research agencies so there’s a huge opportunity for us.” As such, Singapore, which is a smaller market compared to its bigger neighbours and where data is much easily accessed, is not on the priority list when it comes to Snapcart's potential new markets. But the founders have not ruled out a venture into Singapore, citing it as a valuable testbed for other developed markets such as Japan. “After Southeast Asia, we want to go into other parts of Asia and Singapore will be somewhere we’ll like to learn from before we go into similar developed markets such as Japan and Korea. We think it will involve a very different model and there will be much to learn from,” said Ms Condicion. Follow See Kit on Twitter @SeeKitCNA  - CNA/sk Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 18, 11:41 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Jessica Alba’s Honest Company Considering $1 Billion Sale To Unilever: Report By Himanshu Goenka @HimGoJourno On 09/16/16 AT 2:15 AM Close The Honest Company, the household products company that claims to use non-toxic ingredients, was in talks with big consumer products companies to sell itself, according to a report last week. And another report Thursday said the company co-founded by Jessica Alba in 2011 could be bought by Unilever for over $1 billion. On Sept. 9, Recode cited anonymous sources who said Honest was in talks with global consumer products heavyweights, the likes of Procter & Gamble and Unilever. And a Thursday report in the Wall Street Journal cited unidentified “people familiar with the matter” to disclose that the British-Dutch consumer goods giant was in early talks to acquire the company. According to the Journal, the deal being discussed values Honest “at over $1 billion but significantly less than the $1.7 billion valuation that was placed on Honest in a fundraising round last year.” Related Stories Jessica Alba In Hot Water Over Laundry Detergent Jessica Alba’s The Honest Company Sued For Ineffective Products The Honest Company Inc. | FindTheCompany Honest, which promotes ethical consumerism and claims to avoid harsh chemicals in its products, has raised over $200 million since it was founded, of which $100 million was raised in 2015. The company sells diapers, hand sanitizers, cleaning and beauty products, mostly through its subscription website, primarily targeting young mothers. It generated revenues of about $300 million in 2015. Unilever, which sells a far wider variety of products in many parts of the world, is absent from some of the product categories in the United States that Honest has a presence in, such as diapers. In case the acquisition goes through, Unilever will also gain a foothold in the fast-growing “natural” or environment-friendly cleaning and beauty products. Honest may still choose to take the stock markets route and announce an initial public offering, sources told the Journal. The company has previously made clear its intention to go public, but has ostensibly held back given the weak performance of IPOs in the last few months. In August, Unilever bought another e-commerce consumer goods company, Dollar Shave Club, for $1 billion. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Carl Icahn's Market Forecasts For A Trump Presidency Longtime Donald Trump supporter and billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn expects the president-elect to be good for business, despite looming tariffs. Technology Amazon Echo Features: You Can Now Send Hands-Free Text Messages To AT&T Customers Starting today, Amazon’s Alexa-powered device can send messages for you and send them to a list of contacts that have been pre-programmed. World Crown Asks For £369M For Palace Overhaul Citing tourism and prestige, the UK's Treasury announced Friday plans for a massive refurbishment of Buckingham Palace. National Texas Proposes Yet Another Abortion Restricting Law The Pre-Born Protection and Dignity Act would prohibit partial birth abortions and the donation of fetal tissue. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Friday, November 18, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management September 15, 2016 Comments Email Print Greg Hinz on Politics SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Photo by Bloomberg Duracell's 'headquarters' now here—and has been for a while So, is it a headquarters or something less? And if all of the employees are already here, at least some for as long as six months, is it really new? Welcome to the curious case of battery maker and personal power company Duracell, which today announced it now has 65 people here, including Angelo Pantaleo as its CEO. But at least half of those in the new Chicago "executive offices" are IT folks, and they've been on the payroll since as far back as March 1, when Berkshire Hathaway, which acquired Duracell from Procter & Gamble, completed the process of establishing it as an independent company. As Crain's reported this morning, Mayor Rahm Emanuel jumped all over the news. I don't blame him—65 jobs is 65 jobs, and Emanuel has had great success wooing companies such as ConAgra, Motorola Mobility and McDonald's downtown. But the city's press release—typically rushed out overnight in a bid to grab a few seconds on morning TV—was a little incomplete. Duracell is using the phrase "executive offices" to describe the Chicago operation. A company representative said the headquarters would remain in Bethel, Conn. Most people recognize that a company's headquarters is the place where the CEO works. But when I questioned Pantaleo today, he said Duracell now is using a decentralized "new model" with four regional headquarters, one for North America in Bethel. Chicago "could be considered" the corporate center, he said, and anything involving the entire company will "go to Chicago." And the official corporate address will be here, too, he said. Pantaleo himself is a Chicagoan, a former executive at Marmon Holdings, also part of Berkshire Hathaway. On the other hand, at least half of the 65 folks here will be IT workers, other company spokesmen said. They'll replace IT workers who were based in Cincinnati at P&G. That means the corporate HQ here, if that's it, will be on the tiny size even as these things go. The IT folks will be at 135 S. LaSalle St., Panteleo et al. at 181 W. Madison St. Both Pantaleo and Emanuel praised Chicago's transportation, talent pool, quality of life and other factors. Still, the most important factor on corporate location decisions apparently remains where the CEO wants to live. In this case, it's Chicago. Government and Politics Greg Hinz on Politics Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Do selective enrollment CPS schools really help poor kids? Key Springfield vote coming on who gets to vote Emanuel's new budget sails through City Council Durbin re-ups as Senate's No. 2 Democrat Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. GROWTH THROUGH ACQUISITION Jessica Alba's Honest Company Reportedly Considering a Sale to Unilever The consumer goods startup could be the next e-commerce company to sell for over $1 billion. By Lindsay Blakely Lindsay Blakely is the Los Angeles bureau chief for Inc. @lindsayblakely Los Angeles bureau chief, Inc.@lindsayblakely WRITE A COMMENT Honest Company co-founders Jessica Alba and Brian Lee. CREDIT: Advertisement For a while, the Honest Company was considered one of the most highly anticipated potential IPOs. In recent weeks, it's become the most highly anticipated potential acquisition target. The bottom line? Honest is considering all of its options. A news report from the Wall Street Journal Thursday citing "people familiar with the matter" suggests that Honest has been in talks to sell itself to Unilever. The Journal reports that the talks are early stage but could value a potential deal at over $1 billion --"significantly less" than Honest's previous valuation of $1.7 billion. This follows an earlier report from Recode suggesting Honest was talking to either Unilever or Procter & Gamble. Honest declined to comment on the reports. Last week, Unilever declined a request from Inc. to comment on the Recode story. Since the early days of the company, founder Jessica Alba and CEO Brian Lee have been very vocal about the potential for an Honest Company IPO. "We believe that ultimately this could be a great public story where so many in our community could be shareholders as well," Lee said onstage back in 2014 at Inc.'s GrowCo conference. "As an entrepreneur, if you're going to start something, if you're going to put in the effort, dream big." With a lackluster IPO market over the last year, it shouldn't be surprising that Honest is considering other avenues--particularly considering that in recent months, consumer product e-commerce companies racked up some big deals. Unilever picked up Dollar Shave Club in July for $1 billion and Walmart spent $3.3 billion buying e-commerce retailer Jet.com in August. The nearly five-year-old Honest Company will pull in a reported $250 million in sales in 2016 of its nontoxic baby, home, and personal care products. To date, the company has raised $222 million. Published on: Sep 15, 2016 Advertisement
null
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market to Grow 16.70% by 2020 - Driven by Growth of M-commerce & Network Marketing - Research and Markets 17.09.2016 | 12:42 (0 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market to Grow 16.70% by 2020 - Driven by Growth of M-commerce & Network Marketing - Research and Markets DUBLIN, September 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The report forecasts the global online beauty and personal care market to grow at a CAGR of 16.70% during the period 2016-2020. The report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Rise in demand for dermocosmetic products will be a key trend for market growth. Dermocosmetics are products that combine cosmetic action with dermatological functions. It is a branch of dermatology concerned with the aesthetic appearance of the skin. The segment has doubled in the last 15 years, from 2.2% to 4.4% of the global beauty market. Western Europe represents almost 60% of the dermocosmetics market. Currently, France is the market leader in terms of revenue, followed by Italy, Germany, and Spain. Worldwide demand for dermocosmetic products has grown in the last five years. According to the report, one of the key drivers for market growth will be high rate of internet and smartphone penetration and increase in online spending. As of 2014, the internet penetration rate (percentage-to-population) in the US was 87.4%. Approximately 279 million people in the US were internet users; this number is the third-largest globally, after China and India. Users in the US spend more time online per capita than other users globally. An average US internet user spends more than 90 hours online per week, which is almost five times the global average. Also, broadband penetration in the country has increased recently with the growth of both fixed and wireless broadband connections. This high amount of time spent by US consumers online is encouraging beauty and personal care marketers to expand their product offerings through digital platforms. Further, the report states that increasing webrooming will be a challenge for the market. Key vendors: Amazon Estée Lauder L'Oréal Procter & Gamble Sephora Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by product PART 07: Geographical segmentation PART 08: Key leading countries PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 13: Market trends PART 14: Vendor landscape PART 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/czn977/global_online Related Topics: Personal Care Products Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market A surprising company has joined the start-up acquisition party Ari Levy | @levynews Friday, 16 Sep 2016 | 4:14 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES SeongJoon Cho | Bloomberg | Getty Images At a time when venture capitalists are scratching and clawing for cash returns, a surprising but welcome guest has come to the party: Unilever. Two months after acquiring Dollar Shave Club for about $1 billion, Unilever is reportedly in talks to buy Jessica Alba's Honest Co. for a similar amount. Like Dollar Shave, Honest is a popular consumer brand that's taken advantage of modern internet marketing and distribution tools to compete with industry giants. The Wall Street Journal, citing a person familiar with the matter, reported Thursday night that talks between Unilever and Honest are at an early stage and that Honest "hasn't ruled out going for an initial public offering instead." A Unilever spokesperson declined to comment, and a representative from Honest didn't respond to a request for comment. While not providing the level of gains that VCs generate from massive Facebook and Google acquisitions or from blockbuster IPOs, Unilever is at least offering some healthy liquidity to investors and proving venture-backed start-ups can succeed in penetrating markets outside of technology. The dealmaking is particularly good news for investors in consumer packaged goods, where big acquirers have yet to materialize. In retail, Wal-Mart recently shelled out $3.3 billion for Jet.com and Nordstrom previously purchased HauteLook and Trunk Club, but there's been virtually no activity in the market for packaged foods, beverages and household goods. show chapters <p>Dollar Shave Club&#039;s top investor on $1B deal</p> <p>Unilever bought the Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion. One of the shave club&#039;s largest investors David Pakman, Venrock venture capitalist, discusses the deal. </p> Dollar Shave Club's top investor on $1B deal    Wednesday, 20 Jul 2016 | 1:46 PM ET | 03:28 "Unilever is stepping up now and becoming potentially that innovative leader that looks at acquisitions of these new companies as a strategy for growing, modernizing the brand and taking products to new demographics," said Josh Goldman, a partner at Norwest Venture Partners and an investor in e-commerce companies including Casper, ModCloth and Gilt Groupe. "They've got a line of VCs lining up to talk to them now." Honest is based in Santa Monica, California, just a few miles from Dollar Shave. Alba, who starred in films including "Little Fockers" and "Fantastic Four," started the company in 2011, and has gained traction through online sales of diapers, organic baby formula, laundry detergent and dish soap. Headquartered more than 5,000 miles away in London, Unilever is the world's fourth-largest fast-moving consumer goods company, according to OC&C Strategy Consultants. The top three are Nestle, Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo. As Unilever expands its brand, don't expect it to be entirely friendly to start-ups and Silicon Valley. In 2014, the maker of Hellmann's mayonnaise sued start-up food company Hampton Creek, claiming that its Just Mayo product was engaging in false advertising because it wasn't real mayonnaise. Hellmann's later dropped the suit, but turned around earlier this year and introduced competitive eggless products. Of course, San Francisco-based Hampton Creek now has bigger problems, after Bloomberg reported last month that the company bought its own products from stores across the country. The U.S. Justice Department subsequently opened a criminal probe into whether the company committed fraud. Unilever shares Even if Unilever ends up buying Honest for $1 billion or something close to it, some investors will be disappointed. In August 2015, the company was valued at $1.7 billion in a funding round led by Glade Brook Capital Partners. In total, the company has raised more than $220 million. Still, any billion-dollar acquisition lifts optimism among venture capitalists. After all, Twilio is the only venture-backed U.S. tech company to go public in 2016, and the IPO market is headed for its worst year since the depths of the financial crisis. And for investors concerned that Amazon.com is becoming the one-stop shop for all retail and consumer goods, an aggressive Unilever represents some hope. "Many investors shy away from commerce companies," wrote David Pakman, a partner at venture firm Venrock, in a blog post after Dollar Shave — one of his investments — was acquired. "The multiples tend to be low, Amazon is ever-present, and lots of capital can be required to scale. To us, we didn't see DSC as an e-commerce company, but instead as a model for new full-stack consumer products companies." Ari LevySenior Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change ULVR --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live UN Security Council Meeting 19th Annual United Nations Student Conference on Human Rights Lobby of Trump Tower in NYC Live Look at the Old Faithful Geyser in Yellowstone National Park RADAR: First Blizzard of the Season Live Look at the Stargazer Alpaca Ranch Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video Simone Biles' mom Nellie on keeping her daughter steady on the balance beam of life By ERICKA N. GOODMAN-HUGHEY via ESPN Sep 16, 2016, 12:20 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email U.S. gymnastics superstar Simone Biles may have five Olympic medals swinging from her neck, but it's her mother Nellie Biles, who feels like the ultimate champion. "Simone's road to Rio was such an amazing journey for our whole family. I'm just so thankful," noted Mrs. Biles. You see, Simone's accomplishments are rooted in her mother's ability to create a "village" (a tight-knit community of family and friends) that supports her daughter through ups, downs and everything in between. For instance, the extended Biles family does a weekly family dinner, attends church together -- and all flew out to Rio to see Simone shine at the Olympics. Trout happy to see hard work pay off with MVP MVP just the beginning for Bryant Conley calls Gasol's dance the 'Spanish McGregor walk' Lightning still a playoff team without Stamkos sc Nellie, who adopted 19-year-old Simone and her 17-year-old sister Adria when they were small children, along with her husband Ron (Simone and Adria's biological grandfather), wants her kids to know and understand they are unconditionally loved -- and that's part of the Biles magic. ?? Last week, while Simone was on a media blitz, hitting "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" and "Good Morning America," Mrs. Biles sat down with espnW from her hotel room in midtown Manhattan to discuss her commitment to family and how she keeps her daughter steady on the balance beam of life. espnW: At what point did you know you Simone was a gifted athlete? Biles: From the start she absolutely loved gymnastics. I always supported her, but I never thought much of it. It wasn't until 2012, when Simone won her first all-around [at the American Classic in Huntsville, Texas], that I really started to believe... wow, my daughter really gets this sport. The following year she was a senior in high school, and had turned 16 years old. So, a lot of things were evolving in her life. Simone started having problems with concentration and her focus was off, and as a result her performance was a bit rough at the Secret U.S. Classic. After that competition, we talked to a sports psychologist, which helped her regain focus. I believe her talking to those two therapists was really key.?She then went on to win the women's individual all-around at the [2013 World Artistic Gymnastics Championship in Antwerp, Belgium]. Once that happened, I knew we were headed to greater times. I always knew she could physically do it. She was capable, it was her mental status that needed to be aligned. And it all worked out. espnW: Your daughter Adria is a gymnast as well. How do you help create a sense of work/personal life balance for she and Simone? Biles: I think it's important that we function as a family. Not only for my two girls, but for Simone's brothers, too; because I have four children. The boys are grown and live on their own. But, they still come to the house and visit quite frequently. But, in particular Simone and Adria normally train all week except Sunday. So there's no real break. However, on Saturday, they start at 9 a.m. and end at 1 p.m. Because that's an early end day, the girls often use that afternoon to get their nails or hair done. However, during the week, they are balancing school work and gymnastics, and that pretty much takes up their time. Then Sunday is family day, so we always go to church together. And I normally leave it up to the girls to decide what we are having for Sunday dinner, and they will argue about what they want, but they eventually come to some sort of consensus. The boys come over in the evening time, and we just enjoy each other's company. espnW: What was your most memorable moment in Rio? Biles: There are a few for me. But, just celebrating all of Simone's accomplishments was just so special. We didn't get a chance to see her that often, because Simone was in the Olympic village, and we were in a hotel. We brought a group of 17 family members and friends to Rio with us, just to support her. So having such a huge amount of support in general, was quite memorable.? Each time we came back from competition, we'd all sit down and celebrate as a group. We wanted to recall and discuss what we had just witnessed, and it was just so special to share those moments with friends and family. We all got together about six or seven times during the Olympics and it was simply amazing, after each competition, we all shared that experience together. Though, there was one particular moment that truly stuck out to me. It was when we first saw Simone, which was when the U.S. won gold in team competition, she along with the other gymnasts came around to our hotel. It was a big celebration for all of the athletes and families, and that was an amazing experience for us all. espnW: What goes through your mind when Simone is in competition? Biles: I am absolutely a basket case during competition. Whenever we go to the meets, my family knows not to talk to me. I'm in my own space. I don't want any comments. I don't want anyone to say anything to me until it's over. Now depending on how nervous I get, I'll squeeze my husband's hand or Adria's hand. I may look calm, but I'm not! I'm [a] total wreck until it's over. I cannot eat or drink the entire day leading up to the competition. I'm sure partnership proposals are flooding your inbox post-Olympics, why did you think the "My Black is Beautiful" and Tide's "Small but Powerful" campaigns were a good fit for you and Simone? Biles: The Tide PODS concept alone. My daughter is small in stature, but she's incredibly powerful. The fact that they made that analogy between the PODS and Simone, was just so fitting. Also, Proctor & Gamble's "My Black is Beautiful" campaign (which features P&G products that caters to an African-American female demographic) -- the goal of it is to promote women feeling comfortable in their own skin. The message is about black women empowering themselves, and embracing themselves both inside and out. And that's a very important platform for my daughter and me. espnW: You and your husband Ron opened World Champions Centre in Spring, Texas, where Simone trains. Do you think the gym was part of her ultimate success? Biles: So, after the world's completion in 2013, Simone's then trainer Aimee Boorman wanted to discuss finding a new gym. But, I didn't think that was a good idea. I didn't want my daughter bouncing from gym to gym. However, that made me think ... maybe, we should build our own gym, which we did in 2014. Simone started training there right away (it opened to the public in May 2016). Overall, building the gym was one of the best things I've ever done. It gave her a comfortable place to train, and I would say for the last year, while training for the Olympics, it really helped. She was really grateful to have somewhere to train that was state of the art, with new equipment and she had everything she needed right there. Plus, it's a great place for other gymnasts as well. So, it's a service to the community. We also have practice space for things like Taekwondo or just tumbling. There's some variety in that gym. We even have a classroom on site, so that the athletes can go to school while training. espnW: Speaking of Aimee Boorman, as of August 2016, she is no longer training your daughter. How is Simone dealing with the change? Biles: Aimee and I had an initial conversation about that. From our chat, I got the impression that she had other opportunities coming her way, and that's wonderful for her. It's great that she took advantage. Simply because there's no more Simone in that gym. Simone is off doing her own thing, so it's good that Aimee decided to pursue her dreams as well. Initially, Simone had a little difficulty with it, but she understands and embraces the idea. I do not know what [Simone] is going to do in respect to training going forward and she doesn't either. But, she'll figure it out when she gets back to Texas. We'll cross that bridge when she's back home.? Ericka N. Goodman-Hughey is a senior editor at espnW. Follow her on Twitter @ericka_editor 0 Shares Email Star Comments Simone Biles' mom Nellie on keeping her daughter steady on the balance beam of life Steve Smith Sr. reveals he 'bumped heads' with Cam Newton in Carolina " Future of sports betting: the pitfalls Source: Josh Reddick, Astros agree on 4-year, $52 million deal " Michael Jordan praises Russell Westbrook's loyalty to Thunder " Conor McGregor: Floyd Mayweather 'don't want none of this' " Just a typical morning at the office for Matt Campbell " #CBBrank: Who are college basketball's top 100 players? Mullet of Florida Panthers star Jaromir Jagr is older than half of the Toronto Maple Leafs " Djokovic wins at Tour Finals; engages in another heated exchange " Trump Offers Sen. Jeff Sessions Attorney General Position " Michael Flynn: Everything You Need to Know " Trump Offers CIA Director Post to Kansas Congressman " Trump Taps Retired Lt. General for National Security Adviser " Trump Attorneys to Argue for Delay in Trump University Trial " Woman Arrested in Twin's Death off Cliff Fights Extradition Putin Says Russia Works to Develop New Weapons " How Trump's Transition Compares With Recent Presidents' " President-Elect's 1st Meeting With World Leader " How Trump's Lobbying Ban Could Shake Up Washington " Dems Move to Leverage Sanders' Popularity as Party Regroups " Cities Across US Push Back Against Trump's Proposed Immigration Policies " Obama Reassures Europe on Trump: NATO Is Here to Stay " Mitt Romney to Meet With President-Elect Donald Trump, Under Consideration for Secretary of State " Rumors of Conflict, Infighting Hover Over the Trump Transition " Trump Holds Meetings With Haley, Kissinger and Sessions " Golf Legend Gave the Australian Prime Minister Trump's Number " Clinton Says 'Never, Ever Give Up' During 1st Speech Since Loss " Sanders: 'Maybe I Would Have Been Elected President' " New York City Mayor Takes Long List of 'Concerns' to Trump Meeting " What Could Happen to DACA Recipients Under Trump " Biden and Pence Meet for Lunch at Naval Observatory
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Skincare Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Skincare Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 16, 2016 ) Skin care products are used to prevent the early onset of symptoms of aging, acne, wrinkles, dry skin, dark spots, and blemishes. These products primarily include face creams and body lotions. Face creams are further segmented on the basis of function such as anti-aging, sun protection, and skin brightening products. Publisher's analysts forecast the global skin care products market to grow at a CAGR of 4.91% during the period 2016-2020. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global skin care products market for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, it considers the revenue generated through the retail sales of face creams and body lotions. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-skincare-market-2016-2020 The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - ROW Publisher's report, Global Skin Care Products Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Avon Products - Beiersdorf - EstÃ©e Lauder - L'OrÃ©al - P&G - Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291760/sample Other prominent vendors - AmorePacific - Amway - Aveda - BABOR - Bioderma Laboratory - Clarins - DS Healthcare Group - Lotus Herbals - Mary Kay - Missha - Nature Republic - NeoStrata - Oriflame - Rachel K Cosmetics - Revlon - Skin Good - Skinvisible - Shiseido - Thalgo Market driver - Demand for natural and organic products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Product packaging and labeling regulations - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - High demand for UV absorbers - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291760/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Oral Care Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Oral Care Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 16, 2016 ) With oral care gaining significant importance as a part of general hygiene, it has become one of the lucrative segments in the global personal and beauty care market. The toothpaste segment dominates the global oral care market, spurred by demand for multifunctional toothpaste and the launch of innovative products. Publisher's analysts forecast the oral care market in Asia Pacific (APAC)to grow at a CAGR of 5.1% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/oral-care-market-in-apac-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the oral care market in Asia Pacific (APAC)for 2016-2020. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the following oral hygiene products: - Primary oral hygiene products: Toothpaste, toothbrushes, and replacement heads - Secondary hygiene products: Teeth whiteners, mouthwashes, dental flosses, denture care products, and mouth fresheners The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - China - Japan - India Publisher's report, Oral Care Market in Asia Pacific (APAC) 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Colgate-Palmolive - GlaxoSmithKline - Johnson & Johnson - Procter & Gamble - Unilever Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291763/sample Other prominent vendors - Anchor Group - Amway - Church & Dwight - Dabur - Dr. Fresh - Himalaya - KAO - Lion Corp. - LG - Patanjali - Supersmile Market driver - Product innovation and new launches - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Risks associated with international trade - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Premiumization of oral care products - For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report - What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? - What are the key market trends? - What is driving this market? - What are the challenges to market growth? - Who are the key vendors in this market space? - What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? - What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst's time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001291763/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 185,120 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 90,190 This list of topics is the quickest way to anger your liberal friends 76,883 'You piece of s--t!': Murder victim's family tries to attack suspect in court 74,548 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech 40,207 Sofia Vergara's embryo battle is more than a petty celeb feud 38,496 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Alba in talks to sell Honest for about $1B: report By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) September 16, 2016 | 11:43am Modal Trigger Photo: Getty Images More On: jessica alba Here's how Selena Gomez and the girls get a leg up on style Lawsuit accuses Jessica Alba's Honest Co. of dishonest labeling Jessica Alba's husband has a sock fetish Are these celebs the next Wall Street darlings? Jessica Alba is in talks to sell her diaper and household goods company — although the actress may be a bit disappointed at how much her Honest Co. is worth. The five-year-old company, which was valued at $1.7 billion after a capital raise last year, is in talks to sell itself to consumer products giants Unilever for just over $1 billion, according to a report Friday. The 35-year-old brunette explored an IPO earlier this year, and may still decide to go that route if the early-stage negotiations with Unilever — whose vast products stable includes Hellman’s mayonnaise, Dove soap, Lipton tea and Ben & Jerry’s ice cream — fall through, according to the Wall Street Journal, which reported on the talks and the price range. Last week, a report by Recode had Alba talking with a big consumer package company on a deal. It said the talks were likely with Unilever or Procter & Gamble. Honest, which sells more than 100 nontoxic products like diapers, toiletries, baby formula and household cleaners, has raised $222 million altogether, $100 million of which came in just last year. Sold in over 700 stores, including Whole Foods, Costco and Nordstrom, Honest’s products are also sold via monthly subscriptions. Alba faced a barrage of negative press and lawsuits over the ingredients in some of her products — allegations that they are not as wholesome as advertised — and that her company’s sunscreen product is ineffective. Honest has denied those allegations. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under honest co. ,  ipo ,  jessica alba ,  unilever Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next iPhone 7 debut brings out the superfans, but some are gett... Read Next iPhone 7 debut brings out the superfans, but some are gett... Most Popular This Week 1 The one scenario that could still get Hillary into the White House 2 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 3 Melania Trump's girl-on-girl photos from racy shoot revealed 4 Kellyanne Conway tells The Post she feels 'blessed’ over White House gig 5 Insiders say Donald Trump is 'disgusted' by Chris Christie 6 Scenes from the liberal meltdown Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 189,865 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 86,458 This list of topics is the quickest way to anger your liberal friends 74,359 Clinton gets mixed reaction after going makeup-free for speech Now On Ronan Farrow joins boycott of Shelley Duvall ‘Dr. Phil’ interview ‘This Is Us’ star’s contract has a mandatory weight loss clause Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber selling $60M home SEE ALL Video 1:56 Hate crimes soared the week after Trump's election victory More Stories pagesix 'Kimmy Schmidt' actress reportedly commits suicide in Peru hotel Now On Decider New Netflix Documentary Goes Deep On The Greatest X-Rated Movies Of All-Time nypost Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»HENKEL AKTIE»Research and Markets - Global Hair and Body Mist Market Growth of 7.92% CAGR by 2020 - Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts Report 2016-2020 - Key Vendors: Combe, Henkel, Kao HENKEL AG & CO KGAA 109,20  Euro +1,25 +1,16 % WKN: 604843  ISIN: DE0006048432 Ticker-Symbol: HEN3  Xetra | 18.11.16 | 17:25 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Xetra-Orderbuch Aktie: BrancheChemie AktienmarktDAX-30 Prime Standard DAX International 100 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 108,97 109,43 17:41 109,05 109,30 17:41 16.09.2016 | 15:11 (13 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Research and Markets - Global Hair and Body Mist Market Growth of 7.92% CAGR by 2020 - Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts Report 2016-2020 - Key Vendors: Combe, Henkel, Kao DUBLIN, September 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Hair and Body Mist Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The global hair and body mist market is forecast to grow at a CAGR of 7.92% during the period 2016-2020. Commenting on the report, an analyst from the research team said: Growth in sales of men's hair care products will be a key trend for market growth. The global hair care market has a significant impact on the global hair mist market, as hair mist falls under the subcategory of hair styling products which accounted for 16.5% of the $81.16 billion hair care market in 2015. Though the global hair care market is largely dominated by the women's category of hair care products, the higher like-for-like growth opportunity came from the men's category during the period 2010-2015. The men's hair care sales grew by an AAGR close to 6% during the historical periods whereas the women's segment increased by an AAGR close to 3% during the same period. The major demand in the men's category is coming from the hair colorants and hair styling products, accounting for close to 50% of the men's hair care revenue. According to the report, one of the key drivers for market growth will be growing channels for product distribution. Considering factors such as convenience and easy on-the-go shopping experiences, consumers are now increasingly purchasing beauty products online. To fulfil consumer requirements, a growing number of beauty marketers are embracing the online platform. Beauty marketers are also increasingly adopting an omni-channel strategy. In the wake of prevailing competition, beauty marketers are integrating their online and offline operations to provide hassle-free shopping experience to consumers. In 2015, the online sales of L'Oréal amounted to $1.44 billion, contributing 8.2% of the company's consolidated sales. Questions Answered: What will the market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? Companies Mentioned: Chanel Estée Lauder L Brands L'Oréal LVMH Shiseido Amway Avon Products Burberry Cadiveu Professional USA Chatters Canada Combe Conair Coty Edgewell Personal Care Henkel Godrej Consumer Products Helen of Troy Limited Johnson & Johnson Kao Marchesa Mary Kay O Boticário Procter & Gamble Revlon Tom's of Maine Unilever World Hair Cosmetics Report Structure: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by product category PART 07: Geographical segmentation PART 08: Key leading countries PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 13: Market trends PART 14: Vendor landscape PART 15: Appendix PART 16: About the Author For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/6nhp7z/global_hair_and Related Topics: Fragrances Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Nachrichten zu HENKEL AG & CO KGAA Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 17:04 Henkel-Aktie: Nicht billig! Ambitioniertes Gewinnwachstumsziel - Credit Suisse rät zum Verkauf - Aktienanalyse Zürich - Henkel-Aktienanalyse von Analystin Molly Eggleton von der Credit Suisse: Molly Eggleton, Analystin der Credit Suisse, rät in einer aktuellen Aktienanalyse nach der Vorstellung der neuen Strategie... ► Artikel lesen 16:49 Henkel will invest heavily in its top brands ► Artikel lesen 15:13 Credit Suisse belässt Henkel auf 'Underperform' - Ziel 105 Euro Die Schweizer Bank Credit Suisse hat die Einstufung für Henkel nach der Vorstellung der neuen Strategie bis 2020 auf "Underperform" mit einem Kursziel von 105 Euro belassen. Das Unternehmensziel... ► Artikel lesen 14:04 Henkel-Aktie: Gewinnschätzungen je Aktie bis 2018 angehoben - Macquarie erhöht Kursziel - Aktienanalyse Sydney - Henkel-Aktienanalyse von Analyst Toby McCullagh von Macquarie: Toby McCullagh, Analyst von Macquarie, erhöht in einer aktuellen Aktienanalyse das Kursziel für die Vorzugsaktie des Konsumgüterkonzerns... ► Artikel lesen 13:50 ANALYSE-FLASH: NordLB senkt Ziel für Henkel auf 116 Euro - 'Halten' HANNOVER (dpa-AFX Broker) - Die NordLB hat das Kursziel für Henkel nach Vorstellung der neuen Finanzziele bis 2020 und der strategischen Prioritäten von 120 auf 116 Euro gesenkt und die Einstufung... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu KAO CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 06.10. Japanese personal care trio join forces to challenge Kao market share ► Artikel lesen 03.10. Japanese daily goods trio to take on Kao together ► Artikel lesen 16.09. Research and Markets - Global Hair and Body Mist Market Growth of 7.92% CAGR by 2020 - Analysis, Technologies & Forecasts Report 2016-2020 - Key Vendors: Combe, Henkel, Kao DUBLIN, September 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Hair and Body Mist Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The global hair and body... ► Artikel lesen 12.09. Kao targets 10% operating margin in cosmetics biz ► Artikel lesen 12.09. Research and Markets - Global Fertilizer Additives Market Value of USD 2.91 Billion by 2021 - Trends, Technologies & Opportunities Report 2016-2021 - Key Vendors: Tolsa Group, Michelman, KAO DUBLIN, September 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Fertilizer Additives Market by Function (Anticaking, Dedusting, Antifoaming, Hydrophobic, and... ► Artikel lesen Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Menu Television TV Shows Animation Awards Thriller Talent Reality Mythological Documentary Crime Comedy Drama Series Factual Food Fiction TV Channels Regional People News Broadcasting Specialised and Niche Sports Viewership Terrestrial Music and Youth Movie Channels English Entertainment Kids GECs Factual & Documentary Production House TV Commercial Post Production Online Content Non-Fiction Film Production Documentary Fiction Cable TV People Local Cable Operators DAS Multi System Operators DTH DTH Operator DTH Services People Regulators People I&B Ministry High Court Supreme Court TDSAT TRAI MAM Marketing Brands Above The Line MAM Below The Line Media and Advertising Sponsorship Ad Campaigns AD Agencies Account Event Agencies Digital Agencies Out Of Home People Media Agencies Satellites Insurance Satellite Launches Satellite Operators Teleports iWorld Video On Demand Telecom Broadband Social Media Pay-Per-View e-commerce eNews Over The Top Services IPTV Gaming Movies Short Films Regional Movies On Mutiple Platforms Documentary Hindi Hollywood International Independent Box Populi Technology Hardware Headend Equipment Set-top Boxes Uplinking & Downlinking Distribution Components Software Firmware Middleware Applications Resources Education insitutes Education Channels forums History Producers Media agencies Legal and Policies Jobs Cable TV MSOs Address Book Ad sales agents Ad agencies Satelite Reckoner Shooting floors TRAI Technology suppliers Studios DTH Specials Event Coverage IBC2016 VidNet ASIA TV FORUM Content Hub Ficci Frames Ficci Frames Filmart Golden Globe Awards ICC WORLD CUP IDOS Mipcom Miptv MixRadio Music Connects News Television Summit Occasions Budget Budget 2000 Budget 2001 Budget 2002 Budget 2005 Budget 2014 Budget 2015 Budget 2016 Year Enders MAM GCPL's Sunil Kataria is ISA's new chairman 16 Sep, 2016 - 04:33 PM IST     |     By indiantelevision.com Team     MUMBAI: The newly elected executive council of the Indian Society of Advertisers (ISA) has recently elected Godrej Consumer Products SAARC and India -business head Sunil Kataria as the chairman. On his election, Kataria said, “Our focus would be to deliver the desired benefit to the advertisers and other stakeholders. I look forward to working with all and make this a credible, meaningful and business impacting ecosystem.” Kataria joined GCPL in 2011 to oversee the sales and marketing organisation for the India and SAARC businesses. He has diverse work experience across FMCG and consumer services sectors in sales, marketing and business. He had a stint of 12 years at Marico Industries. Other members of the Executive Council are as follows: Atul Agrawal, SVP-Corporate Affairs, Group Corporate Communications, Tata Services Anuradha Aggarwal, Chief Marketing Officer, Marico Abraham Mathew Alapatt, President & Group Head-Marketing, Service Quality, Financial Services & Innovation, Thomas Cook (India) Narendra Ambwani, Director, Agro Tech Foods Ajoy H Chawla, Sr. VP, Chief Strategy Officer, Titan Company Paulomi Dhawan, Advisor, Raymond Sonali Dhawan, Brand Director, Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care Chandru Kalro, Managing Director, TTK Prestige Sandeep Kataria, Director – Commercial, Vodafone India Sandeep Kaul, Divisional Chief Executive – India Tobacco Division, ITC Sandeep Kohli, Executive Director – Personal Care, Hindustan Unilever Beena Koshy, Executive VPr, Advertising, Digital & Branding, Bajaj Electrical Bharat V Patel, Independent Director, Birla Sun Life Asset Management Company Prashant Richard Peres, Director Marketing Chocolate, India, Mondelez India Foods Ramakrishnan Ramamurthi, Vice-Chairman, Joint MD & Group CEO, Polycab Wires Samardeep Sunil Subandh, Chief Marketing Officer, Flipkart Amit Tiwari, Director, Philips India Brahm Vasudeva, Chairman, Hawkins Cookers ISA has advertiser members from across industries who contribute to approximately over two-thirds of the annual national non-governmental ad spends. ISA played a significant role in the formation of BARC and is closely partnering with it towards advertisers getting robust and credible data. tags Tata ServicesFlipkartPolycab WiresMondelez India FoodsBajaj ElectricalITCProcter & GambleHindustan UnileverMaricoThomas CookHawkins CookersVodafone India Trending GE Digital awards TCS '2016 Digital Innovator' Star World Premiere HD to air finale episode of Better Things Asian SVOD service: Star Online partners Xstream & Diagnal ITU Telecom suggests government policy to drive broadband, digital economy Day-long cash queues activate Jugnoo digital & MobiKwik transfers   Latest Reads Mullen Lintas wins creative duties of Bajaj Corp Mullen Lintas has won the creative responsibilities for all the brands of Bajaj Corp. The agency would be providing their core expertise to Almond Drops Hair Oil, Amla Oil, Jasmine Oil, Brahmi Amla Oil, No Marks cream, Kailash Parbat Oil and other up and coming brands. MAM Media and Advertising Account 18 Nov, 2016 PwC joins 'Swachh Bharat'; schools access clean toilets, impacting dropout MUMBAI: Corporates undertake social responsibility. Joining the national focus on empowering the girl child (Beti Bachao, Beti Padhao) and providing sanitation facilities in the country (Swachh Bharat), the PwC India Foundation in collaboration with NGO FINISH Society held the closing ceremony of... MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 18 Nov, 2016 Soho Square to tell Sujata story Consumer electronics and home appliances brand Sujata Appliances has given Soho Square its creative mandate after a multi-agency pitch. The account will be handled out of Soho Square’s Gurgaon office. MAM Media and Advertising Account 17 Nov, 2016 Havas Media wins integrated media mandate for Swiggy Havas Media Group India has bagged the integrated media mandate for Swiggy, India, an online food ordering and delivery platform, following a multi-agency pitch. The account will be handled out of Bangalore office led by Havas Media India VP- south Saurabh Jain. MAM Media and Advertising Account 17 Nov, 2016 GE Digital awards TCS '2016 Digital Innovator' Tata Consultancy Services, a leading global IT services, consulting and business solutions organization, has been named as the '2016 Digital Innovator of the Year' in the Ecosystem Excellence award category at GE's Minds+ Machines event in San Francisco, California. MAM Media and Advertising Digital Agencies 16 Nov, 2016 Jack in the Box Worldwide appoints Abinandan Bose as creative director Integrated communications agency, Jack in the Box Worldwide, has strengthened its creative offering with the appointment of Abinandan Bose as the creative director. Bose will manage and oversee the copy, design and social media teams, and will report to the soon to be announced president of Jack in... MAM Media and Advertising People 16 Nov, 2016 First Create Behaviour, FCB Ulka's mantra debuts with Merino mandate Merino Group has awarded its brand strategy & creative mandate to FCB Ulka Delhi, following a multi-agency pitch. The mandate involves work for Merino Laminates, Merino Furniture, and their FMCG food brand Vegit. The mandate includes ATL, BTL & digital. MAM Media and Advertising AD Agencies 16 Nov, 2016 Madison helps Amul 'Raho Garmagaram' Madison BMB has conceptualized the new TVC for Amul Bodywarmer. The TVC features a young north Indian couple, at home dealing with the harsh winters. MAM Media and Advertising Ad Campaigns 16 Nov, 2016 Rediffusion's new Amway campaign bets on brand attitude Be Bright is a range of skincare products introduced by Amway that appeals to the young adults who desire a great looking skin anywhere and anytime. MAM Media and Advertising AD Agencies 16 Nov, 2016 Gallery The content Paradigm 25 Aug, 2016 The Customer: Vidnet 2016 25 Aug, 2016 Proud winners at the NT Awards 2016 04 Jul, 2016 A night to remember: NT AWARDS 2016 - Part 2 30 Jun, 2016   Latest News Load More Subscribe Newsletter TVLinx | ADLinx | Archive What to Read Next Amazon Prime Video announces premiere of 'The Grand Tour' Amazon has announced that Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May will reunite to make a new motoring show for the platform. Titled The Grand Tour, the show will be available exclusively to Amazon Prime Video members in the U.K., the U.S., Germany and Japan. iWorld Video On Demand 18 Nov, 2016 Living Foodz to have videos on new website; HD feed to come in early '17 Television TV Channels Specialised and Niche 18 Nov, 2016 DAS Phase IV pace slack; MIB to meet Indian STB makers Cable TV DAS 18 Nov, 2016 Force 2.....Of forced action... Movies Hindi 18 Nov, 2016 Star World Premiere to air finale of 'American Horror Story: Roanoke' Television TV Channels English Entertainment 18 Nov, 2016 More News Echoes of Earth Music Festival Jashn-E-Ghazal 40th Gunidas Sangeet Sameelan Source By Radioandmusic.com Neil Nitin Mukesh, Prabhas to work together Don't need to justify why I'm not in top five: Neha Dhupia Scoop: Karishma-Mouni’s ‘fashion’ war! Source By Tellychakkar.com Fox Animation and Tonko House come together for ‘The Dam Keeper’ animated fe ‘The Little Prince’ director Mark Osborne to helm animated adaptation of ‘ This Anti-Bullying week, CN and Childline tie-up to unveil original series of an Source By Animationxpress.com Editor's Choice Amazon Prime Video announces premiere of 'The Grand Tour' Video On Demand 18 Nov, 2016 Living Foodz to have videos on new website; HD feed to come in early '17 Specialised and Niche 18 Nov, 2016 DAS Phase IV pace slack; MIB to meet Indian STB makers DAS 18 Nov, 2016 Force 2.....Of forced action... Hindi 18 Nov, 2016 Star World Premiere to air finale of 'American Horror Story: Roanoke' English Entertainment 18 Nov, 2016 Articles By Category News Headline Executive Dossier Comment Special Report Research Case Study Genre Primer Financials Reviews Events Promos & Campaigns Press Release Sign up for our Newsletter subscribe for latest stories Facebook Twitter YouTube Linkedin RSS Television Cable TV DTH Regulators MAM Satellites iWorld Movies Technology Resources Specials About Privacy Disclaimer Advertise Contact Us 2016 @ Copyright Indiantelevision Dot Com Pvt Ltd. All rights reserved.
373725 3399 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Economia e Finanza . Coty Appoints Publicis Media as Its Lead Agency Globally Coty Appoints Publicis Media as Its Lead Agency Globally ECONOMIA E FINANZA Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 16/09/2016 14:02 Zenith to Lead the Assignment Spanning New Coty Portfolio* NEW YORK, Sept. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Coty has appointed Publicis Media as its lead media agency globally. Publicis Media's Zenith will lead the assignment which will include the current Coty brands and P&G Specialty Beauty Business* brand portfolio being acquired by Coty, with the transition expected to be completed in October of this year. Publicis Media will work in close collaboration with Beamly, Coty's internal digital social and programmatic agency. The combined Coty assignment will span sixteen markets, with Publicis Media responsible for strategy, trading, content and data and analytics for Coty whose brands include color cosmetics brands Rimmel and Sally Hansen, and fragrance brands Calvin Klein, Marc Jacobs, and Davidoff, and post the merger will include leading cosmetics brands COVERGIRL and Max Factor, fragrance brands such as Hugo Boss and Gucci, and haircare brands such as Wella and Clairol. Bringing together Coty and the P&G Specialty Beauty Business is expected to create one of the world's largest pure-play beauty companies with advertising and promotional spend estimated at well over one billion dollars and is expected to establish Coty as the global leader in fragrances, the second largest in salon professional products, and the third largest in cosmetics. "Zenith has been a trusted partner for Coty. We are excited to expand our partnership with them as we look to elevate the quality of our media while taking advantage of our new scale, as we strive to become over time a global industry leader by being a clear challenger in Beauty," says Camillo Pane, CEO Designate, Coty. "We are thrilled to broaden our partnership with Coty. It's a tremendous endorsement of our Publicis Media vision unveiled earlier this year and the transformative power of our capabilities, talent and collaborative approach to driving our clients' businesses forward," says Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media. * subject to closing of the merger of P&G Specialty Beauty Business into Coty. About Coty Inc.: Coty is a leading global beauty company with net revenues of $4.3 billion for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016.  Founded in Paris in 1904, Coty is a pure play beauty company with a portfolio of well-known fragrances, color cosmetics and skin & body care products sold in over 130 countries and territories.  Coty's product offerings include such power brands as adidas, Calvin Klein, Chloé, DAVIDOFF, Marc Jacobs, OPI, philosophy, Playboy, Rimmel and Sally Hansen. Coty is in the process of completing a transaction with The Procter & Gamble Company (PG) to merge P&G's fine fragrance, color cosmetics, salon professional and hair color business and a portion of its hair styling businesses ("P&G Specialty Beauty Business") into Coty, with brands that include Cover Girl, Clairol, Gucci, Hugo Boss, Max Factor, Wella. With the completion of the merger, Coty is expected to have pro forma combined annual revenues of approximately $9.0 billion based on fiscal 2016 performance and to be the global leader in fragrances, with market leading positions in color cosmetics and hair color & styling. For additional information about Coty Inc., please visit www.coty.com. About Publicis Media: Publicis Media is one of the four solutions hubs of Publicis Groupe ([Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40], alongside Publicis Communications, Publicis.Sapient and Publicis Healthcare. Led by Steve King, CEO, Publicis Media is comprised of four global brands, Starcom, Zenith, Mediavest | Spark and Optimedia | Blue 449, powered by digital-first, data-driven global practices that together deliver client value and business transformation. Publicis Media is committed to helping its clients navigate the modern media landscape and is present in more than 100 countries with over 17,500 employees worldwide. Twitter: @PublicisMedia. PRESS CONTACTS:  Anita Mcgorty  Publicis Media  212 468-3788  anita.mcgorty@publicismedia.com Claire Ballard  Publicis Media – EMEA  +44 20 7190 8056  claire.ballard@publicismedia.com Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI Tg AdnKronos, 18 novembre 2016 Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Scoperta italiana choc: "Dna 'alieno' in un malato di leucemia acuta su 2" 2. Arriva la 'tassa sulla morte' 3. "Quella str...a della Fornero!", Salvini durissimo su Facebook /Video 4. "L'ho messa sotto terra", in tv la confessione del marito di Manuela Teverini /Video 5. "Se vince il NO un'altra apocalisse?", bufera sul post di Santoro Video Il ritorno a casa per Natale, lo spot commovente dell'aeroporto Heathrow di Londra A Roma la Youth Orchestra suona dal vivo 'Il monello di Chaplin' Maldive, l’Università Bicocca realizza una casa dell’acqua pubblica Uno scudo 'protettivo' da 36.000 tonnellate per il reattore di Chernobyl Herbert Ballerina è un boss per caso in 'Quel bravo ragazzo' "I fantastici anni '90", Paolo Ruffini su AdnKronos Live ‘Rwd- Fwd’ è il titolo della mostra di Alfredo Pirri nel suo nuovo studio/archivio Quasimodo, il pastore tedesco che ha fatto 'intenerire' il web Tg AdnKronos, 15 novembre 2016 In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Il ministro Martina in visita all’azienda Granarolo, al centro la competitività delle imprese 'Energia per il futuro. Eccellenza Italia': Terna inaugura in Sardegna polo elettrico innovativo Venice Day 2016 Imprese, studio Irs: con norme tecniche Uni fatturato fino a +14% Fiaip, la ripresa del mercato immobiliare c'è ma è ancora lenta /Video World Pancreatic Cancer day Esperti a confronto su 'Il ruolo della carne nell’alimentazione umana. Novità dalla ricerca' A Milano 'L'Artigiano in Fiera', villaggio globale delle arti e dei mestieri Energia, online la newsletter del Gme Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 373725 3399 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Technology news   Africa Southern Africa Angola Botswana Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Mozambique Namibia South Africa Swaziland Zimbabwe West Africa Benin Togo Burkina Faso Cameroon Cote D'Ivoire Ghana Guinea Mali Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone East Africa Ethiopia Kenya Somalia Uganda South Sudan Sudan Tanzania Mauritius Seychelles North Africa Algeria Chad Egypt Libya Morocco Tunisia Central Africa Burundi DR Congo Rwanda Zambia International IT & Telecommunications Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality International Search for: CIOs and CMOs - Aligning to deliver great digital experiences 16 Sep 2016 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF    By: Rich Hillebrecht The engine of the global economy is increasingly transitioning towards digital services. Businesses are shifting focus from mass-manufactured, mass-marketed products to an immersive market of custom services and digital experiences. Rich HillebrechtThe new service economy is dominated by digital services that are made-to-order for customers, where the quality of the experience – including intuitive ease, convenience, and richness of choice – is a key differentiator. Understanding customers is at the centre of the 'digital transformation'. CIOs and CMOs must work together to orchestrate digital experiences that engage each customer with a rich array of choices that can make their lives easier or better. Role of CX within digital transformation When it comes to customer experience, it’s not just about understanding its importance for the business, but about comprehending how the experience itself is evolving and what a successful service relationship looks like from the customers’ point of view. With more and more people choosing to purchase products and services via smartphones, tablets, PCs, laptops and even wearable devices, customers within the commercial and consumer space have more choices and means of opting in or out of a product or service offering than ever before. Before reaching out to a company, consumers typically do most of their initial research on their own. Advertisement As a result, marketing needs to reach out to consumers across all devices to create a seamless digital experience. Whilst progress is being made, Forrester still estimates 46% of marketing leaders and 51% of technology management leaders have a single view of the customer across all touchpoints. That being said, more organisations are adopting a digital first strategy, recognising they need to reach the customer across their digital journey. By embracing technology across the business, companies like Starbucks, Proctor & Gamble, Airbnb and Uber offer customers more options and greater convenience at lower costs. ©kantver via 123RF It’s not just about marketing As businesses continue to go digital, the entire organisation must have a digital mind-set. In particular, CMOs and CIOs must work together on digital initiatives. Digital technologies have reinvigorated the CMO’s role as a driver of growth. Big data, social media, and the cloud have drastically changed the consumer landscape as marketing technology is becoming increasingly popular. With IT organisations having much deeper experience in digital technologies, a tight alliance between CMOs and CIOs is a must. There is a strong need to seamlessly link digital marketing efforts to the enterprise systems that enable customer relationship management in order to deliver great customer experiences and drive measurable results for the business. Working together to improve customer focus Marketing may work the magic behind the success of digital services, but that magic itself depends on the support of the right technologies. However, aligning the needs and expectations of the business and IT’s ability to deliver is easier said than done. The Riverbed Global Application Performance Survey 2015 revealed while 98% of executives believe that enterprise application performance is critical to achieving optimal business performance, 89% say poor performance of enterprise applications negatively impacts their productivity on a regular basis. All teams must now become more tech-savvy. New technologies are making it easier to bridge the gap between the business the IT and specifically between CIOs and CMOs. New tools allow detailed analytics to be run, and subsequently acted upon. It provides the C-suite with vital information which steers business decisions. By coming together to make technology-based marketing magic, CIOs and CMOs can consolidate ideas and learn more about their consumer base. The targeted approach this creates is key to ultimately fulfilling the potential of digital transformation. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Advertisement About the author Rich Hillebrecht, Chief Information Officer, Riverbed Technology Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Read more: digital technology, Customer experience, digital transformation, marketing technology, service economy Related 12th Annual ICT Summit to grace East London Tech is reshaping workforce roles, demographics and expectations GeoJozi Challenge winners bag R300k Teraco sets sights on 50-megawatt data centre News Show more [Desktop site][Go to top] Subscribe to newsletter Invite a friend Contact us About us Send us news Advertising rates sales@bizcommunity.com 0860 812 000 +27 (0)86 552 3703 News News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read MyBiz My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My favourites My connections My groups My followers Following people Press offices Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info Jobs Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job Recruitment login Events All events Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Contributors Articles Contributors A-Z People Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Companies Company listings Associations My company Press offices Lifestyle Multimedia Image Submit gallery Biztakeouts Radio Advertising rates My Account Contact us


About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Tweet   Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market - Industry Dynamics Report, Price Trend Analysis, Value Chain, Various Segments, Competitive Landscape and Key Player to 2016 - 2024 Recent research and the current scenario as well as future market potential of "Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market 2016 to 2024 globally Trends, Classifications and Industry chain structure.   Market Research Report (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 16, 2016 ) Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market - Global Industry Analysis, size, share, growth, trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024 Size and Share Published in 2016-07-23 Available for US$ 5795 at Researchmoz.us Description The report analyzes the current and future prospects of the physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market across the globe for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024. The research is a combination of primary and secondary research. Primary research formed the bulk of our research efforts, with information collected from telephonic interviews and interactions via e-mails. Secondary research involved study of company websites, annual reports, press releases, stock analysis presentations, and various international and national databases. The report provides market size in terms of US$ Mn and compound annual growth rate (CAGR %) for each product segment during the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2014 and 2015 as base years. The report also includes market size in terms of US$ Mn for the geography segment considering the macro and micro environmental factors. Growth rates for each segment within the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market have been determined after a thorough analysis of past trends, demographics, future trends, technological developments, consumer preferences, and regulatory requirements. The market report comprises an elaborate executive summary, providing market snapshot for various segments and sub-segments of the market. It also provides information and data analysis of the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market with respect to market dynamics, price trend analysis, value chain analysis, and competitive landscape in terms of key market players. Based on product type, the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market has been segmented into skincare (anti-aging products, acne treatment, skin whitening and hyperpigmentation, and dermal fillers), hair care (hair repair, anti-dandruff, anti-hair fall, and scalp repair), eye care (prescription drops, artificial tears, and other eye care products), injectable Botox, and other products (stretch marks, burns, scars or marks, etc.). Market size estimations involved in-depth study of product features of different types of cosmeceuticals prescribed by cosmetologists, trichologists, ophthalmologists, dermatologists, or any other skin or hair specialists engaged in medical practice. Additionally, increasing preference for cosmeceuticals to retain beauty and youth, eliminate aging signs, and demand for organic and innovative cosmeceuticals are considered key drivers in the physician dispensed cosmeceuticals industry analysis. Moreover, availability, access, and number of physicians engaged in skin and hair care research clinics and treatment centers have been taken into consideration while estimating the market. In addition, brand value of leading and innovative products entering the market and overall market dynamics of the industry were considered for product segment and sub-segment market trends in various geographies. Get a Free Sample Copy of the Report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=S&repid=808482 Geographically, the market has been segmented into five major regions: North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. The market size and forecast for each of these regions has been provided for the period from 2014 to 2024, along with their respective CAGRs for the forecast period from 2016 to 2024, considering 2014 and 2015 as base years. The report also provides with market size and forecast for select countries in the respective regions such as the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Germany, Japan, China, Brazil, and Saudi Arabia. A detailed qualitative analysis of factors responsible for driving and restraining the market growth and future opportunities has been provided in the market overview section. This section of the report also provides value chain analysis and price trend analysis. The report also includes market strategies adopted by leading players, providing a thorough analysis of the overall competitive scenario in the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market. A list of strategic recommendations has been provided for new entrants as well as existing market players. These recommendations would assist them in channelizing their business goals and resources to establish a strong presence in the market. The report also profiles major players in the market based on various attributes such as company overview, financial overview, product portfolio, business strategies, and recent developments. The global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market is highly fragmented, marked by the presence of several global companies as well as local manufacturers. Key players in the global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market include Allergan plc, Jan Marini Skin Research, Inc., Johnson & Johnson, L'Oreal S.A., Procter & Gamble Co., Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc., Unilever plc, and ZO Skin Health Inc. The global physician dispensed cosmeceuticals market has been segmented as follows: Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market, by Product Type Skincare Products Anti-aging Acne treatment Skin Whitening and Hyperpigmentation Dermal fillers Hair Care Products Hair Repair Anti-dandruff Anti-hair Fall Scalp Repair Eye Care Products Prescription drops Artificial Tears Other Eye Care Products Injectable Botox Others Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market, by Geography North America U.S. Canada Europe U.K. Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China Rest of APAC Latin America Brazil Rest of LATAM Middle East & Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of MEA Inquiry on this report: http://www.researchmoz.us/enquiry.php?type=E&repid=808482 Table of Content 1. Preface 1.1. Report Description 1.2. Market Segmentation 1.3. Research Methodology 1.4. Assumptions 2. Executive Summary 2.1. Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Products Market Revenue, by Product, (Value %), 2015 & 2024 2.2. Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Products Market Revenue, by Geography, (Value %), 2015 & 2024 2.3. Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Products Market, 2015 & 2024: Market Snapshot 3. Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Market, (US$ Mn), 20142024 3.1. Introduction 3.2. Value Chain Analysis 3.3. Average Selling Price-Region wise, (US$), 2015 3.4. Market Dynamics 3.4.1. Drivers 3.4.1.1. Driver 1: Increasing consumer consciousness & awareness 3.4.1.2. Driver 2: Market Entry of Dermatologist cum Product Developers 3.4.2. Restraints 3.4.2.1. Restraint 1: Consumer apprehensions on potential side effects of cosmeceuticals 3.4.2.2. Restraint 2: Negative Impact of Financial Downturn 3.4.3. Opportunities 3.4.3.1. Opportunity 1: Demand for organic physician dispensed cosmeceuticals 3.4.3.2. Opportunity 2: New skin disorders due to high pollution levels and climate changes 3.5. Porters Five Forces Analysis 3.6. Global Physician Dispensed Cosmeceuticals Products Market Revenue, by Product Type, (US$ Mn), 20142024 Browse All Pharmaceutical Market Research Reports at: http://www.researchmoz.us/pharmaceutical-market-reports-38.html About ResearchMoz ResearchMoz is the worlds fastest growing collection of market research reports worldwide. Our database is composed of current market studies from over 100 featured publishers worldwide. Our market research databases integrate statistics with analysis from global, regional, country and company perspectives. Contact Us: ResearchMoz Mr. Nachiket Ghumare, +1-518-621-2074 USA-Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 sales@researchmoz.us <||>rnhttp://www.researchmoz.us/ Contact Information: Researchmoz Global Pvt.Ltd Researchmoz Tel: +1-518-621-2074 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Unilever eyes Jessica Alba’s e-commerce firm The Honest Company Unilever eyes Jessica Alba’s e-commerce firm The Honest Company September 16, 2016  | Dearton Thomas Hector Tweet | 0 Comments Consumer goods behemoth Unilever Plc is in talks to acquire consumer products startup The Honest Company, co- founded by Hollywood actress Jessica Alba, media reports said. The Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter it didn’t name, that Unilever is discussing a deal above $1 billion but much lower than the startup’s previous valuation of $1.7 billion. Honest Co. has raised $200 million from investors including General Catalyst Partners, Lightspeed Venture Partners and Fidelity since it was set up in 2011. It generates about $300 million in annual revenue, and sells both through retailers such as Target and via its own website. Any deal with Honest Co. will be the second for Unilever after it purchased Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion deal in one of the largest e-commerce acquisitions in recent months. In another deal recently, Walmart acquired e-commerce company Jet.com for $3.3 billion. Tech news provider Re/code had first reported that The Honest Company was in talks with consumer good conglomerates such as Procter & Gamble and Unilever. Honest Co. is led by CEO Brian Lee, a serial entrepreneur who most recently ran online shoe retailer ShoeDazzle. The company started by selling non-toxic, eco-friendly diapers and other baby products but has since expanded into a variety of categories including sunscreens, baby formula and makeup. Earlier this year, the company was hit with several lawsuits claiming its products contain chemicals it says it avoids. Alba has called the lawsuits “baseless” and aimed at her company because it’s an “easy target”. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: acquisition, consumer goods, E-Commerce, Jessica Alba, The Honest Company, Unilever Plc Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × IBM buys cloud services firm Sanovi Alibaba Group’s global MD Gowrappan joins Paytm board The mad rush for GMV is over, says ShopClues CEO Sanjay Sethi More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS R Khandelwal on 2016-11-14 19:09:13 Interesting articles to read. Thanks!... Satender on 2016-11-14 13:32:31 Nice article! Kudos to these startups solving these issues in a sustainable mann... Dr.Anil Batta on 2016-11-13 07:22:02 All the best Mr.Punit Soni.My best wishes are always with you.... Kala on 2016-11-11 12:43:54 This is a decade old tech. Grow up...... Shanu soni on 2016-11-09 23:31:33 Congratulations beta ji God bless u great success whatever u desire... Snapdeal reorganises top management structure What Snapdeal CEO Kunal Bahl’s $100 mn investment plan in fashion means Zomato to set up kitchens, launch annual membership service to push revenues Jabong sees top-level exits three months after Flipkart buy Exclusive: Online rental marketplace WhatsOnRent shuts shop; returns 50% funding Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
null
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) United Kingdom United States INFORM • INSPIRE • ENTERTAIN • EMPOWER NEWS WorldPost Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Election Results Eat the Press HuffPost Hill Candidate Confessional So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Sports Comedy Celebrity Books Entertainment TV Arts + Culture WELLNESS Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Weddings Divorce Sleep GPS for the Soul WHAT'S WORKING Impact Green Good News Global Health VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Religion Queer Voices Parents Teen College VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women WorldPost FEATURED GPS for the Soul Hawaii OWN Dr. Phil Quiet Revolution Talk to Me Don't Stress the Mess Endeavor Fearless Dreamers Generation Now Inspiration Generation Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit What's Working: Small Businesses POLITICS Surely The Clinton Campaign Is Joking About This 'Have Sheryl Sandberg Run The Treasury' Thing! Lean away from this obsessive focus on the professional class, Hillary. 09/15/2016 09:44 pm ET | Updated Sep 16, 2016 220 Jason Linkins Eat The Press Editor, The Huffington Post ASSOCIATED PRESS Sheryl Sandberg is one of the billionaires in the Clinton family orbit.  In case you missed the hot, speculative news about the 2016 presidential race, The Huffington Post’s Ben Walsh and Ryan Grim reported that sources close to GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump are saying that he’d be inclined to appoint “eccentric” tech billionaire (and Trump endorser) Peter Thiel to the Supreme Court, where he’ll have a greater opportunity to ensure that America’s plutocrats are no longer bothered by nosy journalists or would-be trust-busters. But Hillary Clinton, she is not to be outdone! See, the former secretary of state knows tech billionaires, too (and not just disgraced ones), so if you want to get into a famous-friend-turned-potential-appointee fight, Clinton is ready to bring it. Here’s the skinny from Politico’s Morning Money newsletter: TREASURY WATCH: SANDBERG RISING — Early speculation held that Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg probably wouldn’t leave California to return to DC to serve as Treasury Secretary in a Clinton administration. That’s changed lately as MM hears more and more that she could return to be the first woman to lead Treasury. The left may not love her roots in the Bob Rubin wing of the Democratic Party but her star power and historic potential would probably blow away any opposition. Naturally, this is all mere scuttlebutt, though it is plausible scuttlebutt for a host of reasons. As noted above, Sandberg has “roots” in the Democratic Party, and yes, it’s from the part of the Democratic Party that everyone’s rightly skeptical about. Prior to her Facebook career, Sandberg was enmeshed with the folks who appeared on the Time magazine cover that has aged the poorest. Specifically, she served as chief of staff to Larry Summers during his tenure as secretary of the treasury, where he served under Bill Clinton.  But it’s not merely her place in the Clinton family orbit that makes this rumor feel just right. Sandberg is almost the perfect embodiment of Clinton’s larger economic policy portfolio ― indeed, the economic policy portfolio of the Democrats writ large ― which was ably summed up by author Thomas Frank in a March interview with HuffPost: “At some point, [the Democrats] decided that they weren’t all that interested in the concerns of working people anymore.” Rather, Frank says, they became fixated on “the concerns of the professional class, people with advanced degrees, people at the very top of our economic society.” On the stump, Clinton talks about the need to further diversify this professional class. Hey, let’s solve income inequality by ensuring that the corporate board of every military contractor in Washington’s suburban belt looks more like the United Colors of Benetton, guys! Installing Sandberg at the Treasury, and releasing all the “historic potential” that comes from being the first woman to head the agency, would be in keeping with that theme. That’s “Part One” of the plan, anyway. (”Part Three” is “everybody wins” and Part Two is a series of tastefully aligned question marks.) Sandberg, of course, is best known for being the author of Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead, her insanely popular manifesto of next-wave feminist aspiration, which encourages women in the workforce (the “knowledge sector” workforce, anyway) to embolden themselves on the job and deconstruct all of the psychological barriers that these women have supposedly erected around themselves in order to surmount the more structural, sexist barriers erected by others (white men). The book, naturally, spawned the Lean In Foundation, which bills itself as “a nonprofit organization and online community dedicated to helping all women achieve their ambitions.” But while there is no shortage of positive testimonials available at the foundation’s website ― including one from Reese Witherspoon, who’s well-known to have only won a single Academy Award (and a Golden Globe and a BAFTA and a Screen Actors Guild Award) before Lean In came along ― it’s hard to actually quantify how well the Lean In brand is helping individual women in the workforce. However, it is easy to discern how well Lean In is serving its corporate sponsors. And it’s not exactly taking a courageous role in smashing the patriarchy. In a 2013 issue of The Baffler, journalist and author Susan Faludi undertook a deep examination of Lean In’s corporate partners in order to settle an argument: “Sandberg’s admirers would say that Lean In is using free-market beliefs to advance the cause of women’s equality. Her detractors would say (and have) that her organization is using the desire for women’s equality to advance the cause of the free market.”  Those detractors have a point!  As Faludi skillfully enumerates, Lean In’s corporate partners are legion and include big names, such as: “Chevron, General Electric, Procter & Gamble, Comcast, Bank of America and Citibank, Coca-Cola and Pepsico, AT&T and Verizon, Ford and GM, Pfizer and Merck & Co., Costco and Walmart, and, of course, Google and Facebook.” As Faludi notes: Never before have so many corporations joined a revolution. Virtually nothing is required of them — not even a financial contribution. “There are no costs associated with partnering with Lean In,” the organization’s manual assures. “We just ask that you publicly support our mission and actively promote our Community to your employees.” All the companies have to do is post their logo on Lean In’s “Platform Partners” page, along with a quote from one of their executives professing the company’s commitment to advancing women. But as Faludi goes on to report, many of these corporations’ commitments to “advancing women” look very suspect when you start to examine their sundry legal altercations. Here’s just a taste from Faludi’s files: Citibank: “In 2010, six current and former female employees sued Citibank’s parent company, Citigroup, for discriminating against women at all levels, paying them less, overlooking them for promotions, and firing them first in companywide layoffs.” Booz Allen Hamilton: “In 2011, Molly Finn, a former partner at the firm who had been fired after serving as its highest-ranking female employee and a star performer, sued for sex discrimination. She charged the company with creating an unwelcome environment for women and intentionally barring them from top leadership posts. During a review for a promotion (which she was subsequently denied), she was told to stop saying ‘pro-woman, feminist things,’ she recalled.” Wells Fargo: The bank reached a class-action settlement in a suit that “charged that the bank’s brokerage business, Wells Fargo Advisors (originally Wachovia Securities), discriminated against women in compensation and signing bonuses, denied them promotions, and cheated them out of account distributions, investment partnerships, and mentoring and marketing opportunities.” Walmart: “In 2011, the world’s largest retailer famously managed to dodge one of the largest class-action sex-discrimination suits in U.S. history (involving 1.5 million women), after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled on technical grounds that the case didn’t constitute a single class action.” Faludi went on to seek comment from Sandberg about how Lean In squares its willingness to provide positive press to these corporations with the fact that, in many instances, they do not exactly deserve it ― as well as whether her current employer, Facebook, was taking to the Lean In revolution with any degree of zeal. For her troubles, Faludi was sent on a comical runaround that ended with some PR drone answering her questions by rejecting their premises.  Suffice it to say that whatever benefits the Lean In revolution have provided for individual women in the workforce, it’s been a far greater boon to these corporate partners. For the low, low price of lip service to Lean In’s compilation of empowerment aphorisms, they might obtain the foundation’s imprimatur ― behind which they can hide a bevy of sins that a more rigorous band of feminists might confront more critically. It’s the sort of brand-washing opportunity you can’t find many places. Though one place you can find it? The Clinton Foundation! There’s little doubt that Clinton could benefit from Sandberg’s “star power” and her optimism. But this hot rumor is a trial balloon that floats many thousands of miles above the reality of our economy. It’s yet another pitch from the Clinton camp that’s aimed at an affluent and over-served segment of the population, squarely missing those who truly regard their future fortunes with a mix of anxiety and resignation. Trump, on the other hand, doesn’t cater to the professional class at all. His pitch is squarely aimed at all the people Clinton talks over, above and around. He’s a class traitor, leading a band of white nationalists under a banner that promises to claw back the spoils of the country’s elites, and redistribute them to everyone who feels like they’ve lost out in the past half-century of progress. Floating Sandberg as a possible Cabinet appointee comes at a curious time in the presidential race. As Clinton’s lead in the polls erodes, there seems to be a growing awareness that her campaign needs to retool its message to voters. What Sandberg’s name signals is that the next phase of the Clinton team’s public communications will be more optimistic and audacious. That’s not an entirely half-baked approach. This is a message that would draw contrast with Trump’s downcast view of the world and the gutter stylings he deploys to convey it. The only hitch is that it’s hard to know for whom this message is intended. Surely not for the people in Ohio whose affections Clinton now desperately needs to win back. Right now, the race in that state ― and elsewhere ― seems to be trending in the other direction.  Will further Lean In-esque paeans to the aspirations of well-heeled professionals draw these voters back to Clinton’s fold? I’m starting to wonder if the tightening race isn’t so much based on the recent media coverage of Clinton’s pneumonia as it is a product of the fact that her larger economic pitch has always tended to exclude the very people most in need of reassurances and a vision for the future. Trump may be a dangerous strongman, but he takes that strongman act right to that portion of the electorate who likely greet Clinton’s message ― and her obsession with the already affluent ― as tone-deaf. There’s no doubt that Sandberg has proven that you can gather up a bunch of management bromides, package them as a prosperity gospel to the professional class and create a viral sensation. Clinton has, for a long while, spliced this sort of DNA into her economic pitch ― and it probably sounds great to both her donors and her base. But it’s an open question as to whether this reaches the voters she needs to persuade.  In the end, I’m just not sure you can actually beat authoritarianism with a wall of Successories posters. But it’s starting to look like we’re going to find out. The Huffington Post  ~~~~~ Jason Linkins edits “Eat The Press” for The Huffington Post and co-hosts the HuffPost Politics podcast “So, That Happened.” Subscribe here, and listen to the latest episode below. More: Elections 2016 Hillary Clinton Eat The Press Sheryl Sandberg Suggest a correction Comments Close SUBSCRIBE AND FOLLOW Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day. Newsletters may offer personalized content or advertisements. Learn more 1.93 M 975 K 455 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Surely The Clinton Campaign Is Joking About This 'Have Sheryl Sandberg Run The Treasury' Thing! NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter CURATED FOR YOU Generated from related, personalized and trending articles. View your news homepage. CONVERSATIONS Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2016 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News

Latest News Dow 18,871 -32.70 -0.17% Nasdaq 5,321 -13.18 -0.25% S&P 500 2,182 -5.12 -0.23% 11:40 A.M. ET Sanofi to stop producing bladder-cancer drug BCG 11:36 A.M. ET Equity ETFs saw nearly $22 billion in inflows this week 11:30 A.M. ET Scientists set the controls for a second Earth in another solar system 11:30 A.M. ET Bundesbank chief: Need 'extra care' for easy money 11:24 A.M. ET Updated Treasury yields turn higher; 10-year above 2.3% 11:10 A.M. ET FanDuel, DraftKings announce merger plans 11:08 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 11:07 A.M. ET Updated How the dollar rally could threaten corporate earnings 11:05 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 11:04 A.M. ET Updated 4 reasons why a strong dollar may sink the stock-market rally in 2017 11:02 A.M. ET Updated Stock market’s ‘Trump rally’ is mostly a bank rally 11:01 A.M. ET Updated Here are Goldman’s 2017 forecasts for stocks, oil and more — in one chart 11:00 A.M. ET Updated Dollar extends climb to 10th session as Yellen refuels the bulls 10:59 A.M. ET Kanye says he would have voted for Trump, if he had bothered to go to the polls 10:47 A.M. ET Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 10:46 A.M. ET How to be smarter than the gadgets in your home this holiday season​ 10:43 A.M. ET U.S. stocks turn lower; major indexes down about 0.2% 10:42 A.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 10:42 A.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 10:40 A.M. ET This is how savings experts do their holiday shopping Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Consumer Products Unilever looking to buy Jessica Alba's Honest Co. By Serena Ng Published: Sept 15, 2016 7:40 p.m. ET Share By SerenaNg Unilever PLC is in talks to acquire Honest Co., the consumer-products retailer co-founded by actress Jessica Alba, according to people familiar with the matter. Unilever, maker of Dove soaps and Axe body sprays, is discussing a deal valued at over $1 billion but significantly less than the $1.7 billion valuation that was placed on Honest in a fundraising round last year, the people said. The talks are at an early stage, and Honest hasn't ruled out pursuing an initial public offering instead, one of the people said. Honest has raised more than $200 million from outside investors since the Santa Monica, Calif., company's founding in 2011, according to FactSet data. Those investors include venture-capital firms General Catalyst Partners and Lightspeed Venture Partners as well as money managers Fidelity Management & Research Co. and Wellington Management Co. In the event of a sale, Honest has pledged to pay some investors double their investment. The company, which said it had revenue of $170 million in 2014, sells disposable baby diapers, household cleaners, personal-care and beauty products and has built a loyal following among young mothers. Many consumers buy directly from its website via monthly subscription services. Some items are also sold at brick-and-mortar retailers including Target Corp. and Whole Foods Markets Inc. Acquiring Honest would give Unilever a foothold in the fast-growing market for "natural" or "green" cleaning products, as well as the diaper business. Honest's business model could give Unilever more insight into shopper behavior, but risks alienating traditional retailers that carry its goods. Unilever sells packaged food, household and personal-care products globally, but in the U.S. it doesn't compete with Honest in many product categories. It sold its North American laundry detergent business for $1.45 billion to a private-equity firm in 2008, and in recent years has expanded in U.S. hair- and skin-care products Honest has challenged giants such as Procter & Gamble Co. and Clorox Co. with promises to avoid harsh chemicals found in many mainstream products. However, a Wall Street Journal investigation earlier this year found Honest's laundry detergent contained sodium lauryl sulfate, or SLS, one of the ingredients it pledged to avoid. Honest disputed the findings of two independent lab tests and said its own testing didn't find SLS. For Unilever, an acquisition of Honest would be its second recent purchase of a California e-commerce consumer products company. In August, it paid $1 billion to acquire Dollar Shave Club, a premium to the $615 million valuation that company fetched a year earlier. The fast-growing but unprofitable startup provides a mail-order service that ships disposable razors for a flat monthly fee. Write to Serena Ng at serena.ng@wsj.com and Sharon Terlep at sharon.terlep@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Elon Musk to the guy who invested his net worth in Tesla: ‘We won’t let you down’ Bond guru Bill Gross says Trump voters will suffer most from election result Kellyanne Conway Discusses How to ‘Drain the Swamp’ MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate An airy three-bedroom loft with private elevator access in Manhattan’s Flatiron district View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»India Oral Care Products (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash) Market Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2021 - Research and Markets 17.09.2016 | 11:40 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire India Oral Care Products (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash) Market Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2021 - Research and Markets DUBLIN, August 30, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "India Oral Care Products Market By Product Type (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash and Others), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2011-2021" report to their offering. The oral care products market in India is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 6% during 2016 - 2021. With growing concerns regarding oral hygiene among Indian citizens, the country's oral care products market has been registering healthy growth rate over last decade. An increasing number of companies are launching various new and innovative products to address demand emanating from a broad cross-section of consumers. Increasing penetration of oral care products in rural areas is anticipated to positively influence the market in India over the next five years. Moreover, a growing number of oral care product manufacturers are shelling out more on marketing activities for increasing their brand promotion and visibility across various parts of the country. Factors like growing urbanization, increasing disposable income and strong demand from urban and semi-urban areas of the country is attracting leading global players, thereby further contributing to the growth of India oral care products market. On the basis of product type, the market has been segmented into five categories, which include toothpaste, toothbrush, mouthwash, tooth powder and other oral care products. Among these categories, toothpaste segment dominated the country's oral care products market in 2015, and the segment is anticipated to maintain its dominance over the next five years as well. Few of the leading players operating in the India oral care products market include Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd., Hindustan Unilever Limited, Dabur India Limited and Patanjali Ayurved. India Oral Care Products Market By Product Type, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2011 - 2021 discusses India Oral Care Products Market Size, Share & Forecast Segmental Analysis - By Product Type (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash & Others) Policy & Regulatory Landscape Changing Market Trends & Emerging Opportunities Competitive Landscape & Strategic Recommendations Market Trend and Developments Increasing Demand for Herbal Oral Care Products Growing Demand for Mouthwashes Premiumisation of Oral Care Products Continuous Innovations to Make Products More Effective Shift towards Health and Cosmetic Benefits Companies Mentioned Amway India Enterprises Pvt Ltd Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd Dabur India Limited GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd Hindustan Unilever Limited Johnson & Johnson (India) Ltd Patanjali Ayurved Ltd Procter and Gamble India The Himalaya Drug Company Vicco Laboratories For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rwndhj/india_oral_care Related Topics: Oral Care Products Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Market holds firm Capital Market |  Sep 16, 2016 11:16 AM IST Firmness continued on the bourses mid-morning trade. At 11:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 338.33 points or 1.19% at 28,751.22. The Nifty 50 index was up 100.55 points or 1.15% at 8,843.10. The Sensex rose 365.75 points, or 1.29% at the day's high of 28,778.64 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 9 September 2016. The index rose 107.28 points, or 0.38% at the day's low of 28,520.17 at the onset of trading session. The Nifty rose 105.10 points, or 1.20% at the day's high of 8,847.65 in mid-morning trade, its highest level since 9 September 2016. The index rose 37.70 points, or 0.43% at the day's low of 8,780.25 at the onset of trading session. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,678 shares rose and 647 shares fell. A total of 150 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.3%, outperforming the Sensex. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 1.04%, underperforming the Sensex. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks rose after weak US data reduced the chance of an interest rate increase by the Federal Reserve at next week's meeting. Markets in China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and South Korea were closed for holidays. US stocks finished higher yesterday, 15 September 2016, as a rally in the tech sector helped to lift the broader market following a deluge of macroeconomic reports. Sales at US retailers fell in August for the first time in five months as traffic dropped off for most stores. Retail sales declined a seasonally adjusted 0.3%. Industrial production in US contracted in August after a promising expansion in the previous two months, the Federal Reserve said yesterday, 15 September 2016. Bank stocks were in demand. Among private sector banks, Axis Bank (up 2.98%), Federal Bank (up 2.31%), HDFC Bank (up 1.91%), ICICI Bank (up 1.55%), Kotak Mahindra Bank (up 1.45%), City Union Bank (up 1.40%), RBL Bank (up 0.97%), Yes Bank (up 0.88%) and IndusInd Bank (up 0.41%), edged higher. Among public sector banks, Bank of India (up 2.90%), Allahabad Bank (up 2.50%), Indian Bank (up 2.47%), Bank of Baroda (up 2.40%), Syndicate Bank (up 2.16%), Punjab & Sind Bank (up 2.06%), Andhra Bank (up 2%), Vijaya Bank (up 2%), State Bank of India (up 1.95%), Canara Bank (up 1.90%), Bank of Maharashtra (up 1.74%), Corporation Bank (up 1.66%), United Bank of India (up 1.59%), Dena Bank (up 1.56%), IDBI Bank (up 1.37%), Central Bank of India (up 1.15%) and UCO Bank (up 0.85%), edged higher. Punjab National Bank (PNB) was up 2.96% to Rs 142.80. The bank said that consequent upon receipt of capital funds to the tune of Rs 2112 crore from the Government of India on 14 September 2016, the bank has issued and allotted 16.43 crore equity shares at Rs 128.49 per equity share on preferential basis to Government of India. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 15 September 2016. Union Bank of India was up 2.06% to Rs 146.45. The bank said that on 15 September 2016 it issued 10,000 Non-Convertible, Unsecured Subordinated Basel III Compliant Perpetual Debt Instruments eligible for inclusion in Additional Tier 1 Capital. The bond is issued for face value of Rs 10 lakh each at par aggregating to Rs 1000 crore on private placement basis bearing 9.50% per annum coupon payable annually. The AT1 Bonds are rated 'IND AA' by India Ratings and Research and 'CARE AA' by Credit Analysis & Research. The announcement was made after market hours yesterday, 15 September 2016. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will hold a quarterly performance review meeting with the Chief Executive Officers (CEOs) and Managing Directors (MDs) of Public Sector Banks (PSBs) and Financial Institutions (FIs) in the national capital today, 16 September 2016. Jaitley will review the overall performance of PSBs in the current financial year and last quarter in particular. Jaitley will review the progress of credit and growth and asset quality especially with regard to priority sector lending including credit flow to agriculture and insurance sector, MSE, Minorities, SC & ST, Education and Housing Loan among others. The progress made in the various social sector schemes such as Pradhan Mantri Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY), Pradhan Mantri Surkasha Bima Yojana (PMSBY) and Atal Pension Yojana (APY) as well as in case of Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana (PMJDY), Stand-Up India and MUDRA Schemes will also be reviewed during the meeting. The issues relating to financial inclusion and literacy as well as Non Performing Assets (NPAs) are also likely to be discussed during the one day meeting. Most FMCG shares edged higher. Godrej Consumer Products (up 1.63%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.56%), Nestle India (up 1.46%), Dabur India (up 1.20%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.19%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.12%), Tata Global Beverages (up 1.10%), Hindustan Unilever (up 1.03%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.82%) and Marico (up 0.72%), edged higher. Britannia Industries (down 0.08%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.09%), edged lower. On the economic front, India's trade deficit declined sharply in August 2016, data showed yesterday, 15 September 2016. Trade deficit fell 38.1% to $7.67 billion in August 2016 from $12.39 billion in August 2015. Exports fell 0.3% to $21.52 billion in August 2016 over August 2015. Imports fell 14.09% to $29.19 billion in August 2016 over August 2015. Powered by Capital Market - Live News Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready More trouble ahead as Tata Trusts get I-T summons for tax avoidance Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Balkrishna Industries fixes record date for 2nd interim dividend Ramco Systems incorporates subsidiary - Ramco Systems (Shanghai) IDFC Bank allots equity shares Board of TTI Enterprise approves consolidation of shares TTI Enterprise fixes record date for consolidation of shares [ more ] Top Stories Banks to serve only their respective customers tomorrow; elderly exempted Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Jayalalithaa recovered from her ailment, says Apollo Hospitals chairman ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready [ more ] Markets Cash crunch chokes off India palm oil imports MCX to levy concentration margin from December Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter Nifty nears 6-month low, Sensex ends 77 points lower [ more ] Companies Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal Bajaj commences production of 400-cc bike from Chakan plant Natco plans to double drug filings next year Infosys invests Rs 14.5 crore in Danish artificial intelligence start-up No Indian Pharma company in world Access to Medicine Index [ more ] Opinion Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Why Gruh Finance isn't a top pick among analysts anymore? IGL's earnings to remain robust on healthy volumes T N Ninan: Our post-truths PM to crackdown on benami property next: How to clean up real estate [ more ] Latest News There aren't too many takers yet, but young students prefer to pay via the wallet: Tea-stall owner From Delhi to the world The man who bore the brunt of tipplers Humans of demonetisation Co-op banks approach RBI as PSBs limit cash flow to them [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THf6iZ Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
