Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Entertainment More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance Hindi Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Bollywood Bollywood News Previews Did you Know ? Box Office Specials FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Movie Reviews Music Music News Music Videos Music Reviews Music Events FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Top 10 FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Theatre FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Specials Events Beauty Pageants Photos Videos ALL News Previews Did you Know ? Box Office Specials News » Entertainment » Hindi » Bollywood » News » Raveena Tandon: Want to keep my children away from over exposure Golden Globe: HFPA & InStyle celebration Women Falling For Wrong Men Palladium Mall Art launch HALO Awards '16 Art show in the city Sufi night Talli Joe: Launch party Rock On 2 : Screening Alia Bhatt gets trolled again for saying she's not a feminist! Salman Khan to move out of his family home! Badrinath Ki Dulhania: Varun Dhawan gets drunk to shoot emotional scene with Alia Bhatt Emotional Anil Kapoor breaks down at 'Mirzya' music launch event Controversies were created to reach the stage, says Poonam Pandey Sushant Singh Rajput amused by rumours about personal life Ranbir Kapoor spotted on a dinner date with Shruti Haasan! FIR filed against expelled AIADMK MP Sasikala Pushpa Raveena Tandon: Want to keep my children away from over exposure Actress Raveena Tandon says she decided to keep her children away from paparazzi as she feels they are too young to come in the limelight.Nov 13, 2016, 02.59 PM IST Actress Raveena Tandon says she decided to keep her children away from paparazzi as she feels they are too young to come in the limelight. Raveena married film distributor Anil Thadani in 2004 and they have two children -- daughter named Rasha and son Ranbirvardhan. Raveena said, "My kids are small to think about films and their interest area. I have kept my kids away from over exposure (of the glamour world) that the other kids are getting, and becoming celebrities on social media much before they become teens. I want them (my kids) to grow as normal kids." With so much interest in the personal life of celebrities, the actress says it does get difficult to keep kids away from media glare. B'day: Raveena Tandon's unknown facts "I don't hide my kids. There is paparazzi around everywhere be it at airports or at school sports function you can't avoid that. But taking kids to premiere (of a film) is something that Anil (husband) and I avoid. There is a right time and age for them to get attention and handle it," she added. The 42-year-old actress said she is strict with her children when it comes to their studies. Raveena supports Seven Seas Academy, an initiative aiming to create awareness about brain development among children. Being a mother to four (two adopted) children, the actress understands the importance of brain development and nutrition for children. "As I am a mother they (Seven Seas Academy) do take my inputs seriously. It's not about selling a product we are genuinely interested in development of a child including brain development and nutritional value. "We all are expecting our kids to be smart but are we giving them proper nutrition, we need to take care of them from the right age," she added. The Seven Seas Academy announced a nationwide hunt for India's young masterminds. At the grand finale, Yuvraj Varma and Ravi Yadav from Chandigarh emerged as India's top masterminds, winning a full paid educational trip to NASA along with parents. Raveena Tandon Denies Joining Politics 01:06 Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha 110 Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Raveena Tandon promotes P&G Shiksha Raveena Tandon at the event organised by P&G Shiksha on June 9, 2016 in Delhi. (Pic: Subhash Barolia) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Give A Gift With Purpose Shinola on Vanity Fair How Immunotherapy Is Helping Barry Fight Cancer Dana-Farber Cancer Institute The 10 Most Over-the-Top Turntables in the World Robb Report More from The Times of India Watch: Man gets Rs 20,000 in 10 rupee coins from Delhi bank Mamata Banerjee demands rollback of demonetisation move Indian hockey team gets rousing welcome at Bengaluru airport From the Web More From The Times of India Are you a strategic thinker? Test your skills with million..Stormfall: Free Online Game Diverse Foods, Easy Recipes, and More Reasons to Love Pl..Food & Wine for Plated The Stunning Wives Of The Richest Men In The WorldYour Tailored News George Clooney's Home Is Beyond StunningLonny Watch What Oscar-Nominated Actress Diane Lane Carries In H..Glamour Probe ordered into Indore-Patna train tragedy: Rajnath SinghTimes of India Nudity is not a problem for Ranveer SinghTimes of India 17-year old Indian-origin Sikh student shot dead in USTimes of India Muslim girl's hijab ripped off in front of students in USTimes of India Kamala Harris to take on Trump's immigration policiesTimes of India Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @TOIEntertain US ElectionsUS Election Live UpdatesUS Election NewsUS Election Results Most Popular Ranbir, Hrithik, Jacqueline attend Ambani’s bash Ahead of his close aide Manoj Modi’s daughter’s wedding this month, Mukesh and Nita Ambani hosted a Bollywood-themed bash for their friends on Saturday night. Spotted: Amitabh Bachchan and other celebs at the airport It was a star-studded day for the airport on Saturday, November 12, 2016, as stars kept posing and preening for the shutterbugs post arriving or before departing. Arshad Warsi asks PM to change dated laws The actor raised a storm on social media on Friday morning by posting a series of tweets addressed to PM Narendra Modi. In an exclusive chat, he explains to Bombay Times, the story behind it... Highest paid Bollywood playback singers Ad: BollywoodUnion Want to post your ad? Switch to Colombia Ad: Colombia Salman keeps mum on Aamir's 'Dangal' Superstar Salman Khan is still silent over actor-friend Aamir Khan's upcoming film 'Dangal'. Aishwarya joins Rs 100 crore club with 'ADHM' Aishwarya Rai Bachchan has become the newest member of Rs 100 crore club with 'Ae Dil Hai Mushkil'. Watch the video to know more. FacebookTwitter From around the Web Help this mother live for her new born baby! Milaap Reliable web hosting offer for your website HostGator Top 10 highest paid playback singers in Bollywood BollywoodUnion Your support will save young Sid's life MILAAP More From The Times of India Suhana Khan becomes the new teenage fashionista! Times of India 'Kamala Harris could be first woman US President' Times of India Indian-American on Trump's list for SC judge Times of India Read Moreyuvraj varmaseven seas academyRavi YadavRaveena Tandonranbirvardhan raveena Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Aishwarya Rai Bachchan praises PM Modi’s demonetisation policy Vidya Balan responds to rumours surrounding her marriage Hrithik Roshan stays mum on demonetisation Aishwarya makes heads turn with her recent outing in Delhi Hindi remake rights of 'Sairat' bought by Karan Johar? Rajkumar Hirani: There are inconveniences but demonetisation will benefit the nation Rajkummar Rao wishes to direct films 5 reasons to watch 'Rock On 2'! Vidya Balan: Fame teaches you so much 1Raveena Tandon: Want to keep my children away from over exposure 2Aishwarya Rai Bachchan praises PM Modi’s demonetisation policy 3Vidya Balan responds to rumours surrounding her marriage 4Hrithik Roshan stays mum on demonetisation 5Aishwarya makes heads turn with her recent outing in Delhi 6Hindi remake rights of 'Sairat' bought by Karan Johar? 7Rajkumar Hirani: There are inconveniences but demonetisation will benefit the nation 8Rajkummar Rao wishes to direct films 95 reasons to watch 'Rock On 2'! 10Vidya Balan: Fame teaches you so much About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 India v England 1st Test Score Black Money Cyrus Mistry New Rs2000 Note Rock On 2 Movie Review Smog in Delhi Narendra Modi's Japan visit  Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Procter & Gamble Co's Dividend: 3 Reasons to Expect a Bigger Raise in 2017 Income investors stand to see a more significant boost than last year's tiny dividend hike. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Nov 13, 2016 at 1:26PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) knows all about dividend raises. The consumer goods titan has hiked its payout in each of the last sixty years for one of the longest streaks in the stock market. Image source: Getty Images. Yet the rate of increases has gotten much smaller lately. In fact, shareholders haven't seen a boost to the payout rate since 2008, when it improved from 13% to 14%. In contrast, this year's increase was about as tiny as it could be -- less than 1%. Annual dividend raises. Data source: P&G financial filings, chart by author. There are good reasons to expect the dividend outlook to improve from here, though. Falling payout ratio In fiscal 2015, P&G's payout soaked up a dangerously high percentage of profits. The $2.59-per-share dividend swamped the $2.44 per share that the company produced in earnings, leading to a payout ratio significantly above 100%. That unsustainable situation got better over the last 12 months, but only slightly. The dividend amounted to over 70% of earnings in fiscal 2016, far ahead of the 50% figure that most blue-chip businesses aim for. Thus, it made sense for management to be conservative about their latest payout boost. PG Payout Ratio (TTM) data by YCharts. The payout ratio should continue improving even if core earnings don't grow quickly. That's because the two biggest drags against P&G's profits -- foreign currency swings and its brand divestment initiatives -- are both winding down and won't be pressuring reported earnings nearly as much. Faster growth Operating trends are improving as well. Organic sales growth was 1% in the first quarter of the year, rose to 2% in the second quarter, and reached 3% in the quarter that just closed. That momentum bolsters management's forecast calling for P&G's fiscal 2017 to mark its first uptick in annual organic sales growth in three years. Organic growth by calendar quarter. Image source: P&G investor presentation. Notably, the organic growth has been volume-driven lately, meaning that P&G didn't need to count on higher prices alone to pull revenue up. And for a change, the company is finally beating rivals. Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB), which competes with P&G's biggest brand, Pampers, last posted flat organic growth. P&G is still struggling to hold market share overall, but it is gaining share in some key categories, like diapers, and the pace of overall decline has improved. Lower costs P&G can't do much about a sales environment for consumer goods that seems likely to bump along at near zero growth. It has complete control over its costs, though, and that's one area where management has demonstrated great execution. The company has cut an average of $1.4 billion out of its annual cost of goods sold expenses in each of the last five years and executives plan to boost that figure to as much as $2 billion over the next five years. These big-time savings promise to push gross profit margin higher even if the industry logs another year of disappointing growth. And as a fundamentally more profitable business, P&G should be able to afford heftier dividend increases. With dividends taking up more than two-thirds of profits, it's not likely that investors will see a return to double-digit raises any time soon. However, the key financial and operating trends imply stronger growth ahead for patient income investors. In the meantime, brand divestments have left P&G absolutely flush with cash, most of which the company plans to shower on shareholders in the form of stock repurchases. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Nov 13, 2016 at 1:26PM Consumer Goods Stocks Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.00 down $-1.07 (-1.29%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $113.11 up $0.75 (0.67%) Read More Synutra International, Inc. Shares Pop on Its Big News A Reduced Payout Could Be Coming for These High-Yield Dividend Stocks Two Things Investors Might Have Missed in the Markets This Week 9 Indra Nooyi Quotes on Leadership, Diversity, and Business That Will Make You a Better Investor Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
X ALL SECTIONS HOME BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME business Macroeconomics Stock tips Auto Property IFC study finds climate pact helped open up $23 trillion in emerging-market opportunities by   THE NATION Nov 15,2016 17:55 Singaporeans are now using less electricity and water by  THE STRAITS TIMES ASIA NEWS NETWORK SINGAPORE Nov 15,2016 18:01 Trans-Pacific partnership undone by geopolitical agenda by CHINA DAILY ASIA NEWS NETWORK BEIJING Nov 18,2016 20:19 Apec summit focuses on gains via globalisation by THE STRAITS TIMES ASIA NEWS NETWORK LIMA Nov 18,2016 20:25 Media by SCB Securities Sep 22,2016 15:36 Food by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:36 Workpoint Entertainment by Kasikorn Securities Sep 20,2016 18:43 CP All by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:39 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends by THE NATION Oct 31,2016 19:01 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand by Oct 30,2016 18:34 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE by Oct 30,2016 18:39 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report by Agence France-Presse Oct 19,2016 15:27 New Takeoffs by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:26 Top developers buck trends, post good revenue by   SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:47 Co-working spaces proving to be popular with small businesses by THE NATION Nov 17,2016 18:51 Vietnam’s city Da Nang to adjust its master plan by   VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK DA NANG, VIETNAM Nov 17,2016 18:53 national politics ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Scepticism ‘damages GMS ties’ by JUTHATHIP LUCKSANAWONG  THE NATION Nov 20,2016 18:11  At least 120 killed as Indian train derails by Agence France-Presse Nov 20,2016 14:01 Facebook's Zuckerberg urges post-Trump world not to 'disconnect' by Agence France-Presse Nov 20,2016 08:35 Philippines' Duterte meets 'hero' Putin by Agence France-Presse Nov 20,2016 08:20 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 Island of the gods by Urisara Kowitdamrong The Nation South Korea Oct 25,2016 22:09 Bhutan sees a drop in tourist arrivals by Kuensel Asia News Network THIMPHU, Bhutan Sep 28,2016 17:24 Indonesia envisions Bali as gastronomy tourism destination by The Jakarta Post Asia News Network JAKARTA Sep 28,2016 13:39 Reflections on an Asian world by Huang Lijie The Straits Times Asia News Network Oct 28,2016 20:13 Music for His Majesty by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Oct 28,2016 16:07 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions by Deutsche Presse Agentur Oct 28,2016 07:52 Lotus cuisine, food for the soul by Hà Nguyen Vietnam News HANOI Sep 28,2016 17:32 ASEAN foods whet appetites at culinary festival by Korea Herald Asia News Network Nov 08,2016 09:35 Michelin names two 3-star eateries in first Seoul guide by Nov 07,2016 16:00 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor Website closure underlines dilemma of the new world by The Nation Nov 20,2016 17:03 World community must open its eyes to ATROCITIES in Rakhine State  by The Nation Nov 19,2016 19:49 His Majesty had the solution for rice farmers by The Nation Nov 18,2016 17:35 Trump and the granting of reckless wishes by The Nation Nov 17,2016 18:05 Courses needed so people can cope with retirement by Nov 20,2016 17:11 US election complaints  by Nov 20,2016 17:14 In Pattaya, the noisy discos continue  by Nov 20,2016 17:16 Being a tech slave is not cool by Nov 19,2016 19:56 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out From dance hall to theatre by Pawit Mahasarinand Special to The Nation Lyon, France Nov 18,2016 18:02 Politics in movement by Pawit Mahasarinand Special to The Nation Nov 18,2016 18:11 Memories of a lifetime by The Nation Nov 18,2016 18:18 MONDO CONDO! by Phatarawadee Phataranawik The Nation Nov 18,2016 20:18 Letting the music speak by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Nov 18,2016 15:45 Back from hiatus, Metallica still angry by Agence France-Presse Nov 17,2016 07:10 Bieber tops MTV Europe awards, as Beyonce snubbed by Agence France-Presse Nov 07,2016 09:18 Four Stars are born Asia-wide contest by THE NATION Oct 20,2016 20:06 DISNEY takes a tiki turn by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION SINGAPORE Nov 17,2016 15:43 In celebration of ‘Mexicanidad’ by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 10,2016 14:38 The other face of Asean by The Nation Nov 10,2016 14:41 Odyssey into the UNKNOWN by The Nation Nov 03,2016 15:56 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 Curry with a healthy twist by THE NATION Aug 26,2016 16:41 Fabulous food, wonderful wines by Manta Klangboonkrong THE NATI Jul 06,2016 16:29 TECH travel Check in Around Thailand Getaways Travel news Bedding down in The Bund by Phoowadon Duangmee The Nation Shanghai, China Nov 01,2016 17:12 Basking in sea of opulence by PATCHAREE LUENGUTHAI SPECIAL TO THE NATION VIETNAM Oct 25,2016 21:58 Sun, sea and stunning views by Chusri Ngamprasert The Nation Sep 27,2016 23:24 Paws for thought by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG TH Sep 06,2016 21:48 Blasts from the past by THE NATION Nov 15,2016 20:50 Delicious dining in the air by THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:58 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 The Victory Monument was built to celebrate Thailand's victory, in 1941, in a war against which European nation? by Travel quiz Nov 01,2016 10:55 Busy Days, Blissful Nights by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:49 Winter with a wow factor by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 01,2016 17:23 Bliss by the beach by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Oct 11,2016 20:35 Getting high in the low season by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE Sep 06,2016 22:03 Hue to reopen exhibit of Champa antiques by VIET NAM NEWS/asian news networks Nov 04,2016 11:31 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 27,2016 16:19 THAI implemented a rescheduling/rerouting fee waiver by Thai Airways Oct 25,2016 10:39 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 21,2016 15:07 sports sunday Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Monday, November 21, 2016 BUSINESS CORPORATE Alibaba Group’s 11.11 Global Shopping Festival known as “Singles’ Day,” the world’s largest 24-hour online sale, has launched at midnight on November 11, 2016. Ambitious Alibaba breaks new ground in online shopping November 14, 2016 01:00 By TIPPAWAN POCHEANGRAK THE NATION SHENZHEN, CHINA ALIBABA is bringing the world to the future of online shopping. On Friday, the Alibaba Group launched the world’s largest 24-hour online shopping event this year, in Shenzhen. There was a huge gala show and mega-sales surpassed 120 billion yuan in gross merchandise volume (GMV). In Shenzhen, where the 11.11 gala was held this year, more interactive features were added. The more than 100 million viewers could play director by sending feedback via smartphones to change what the stars do on stage.  “Alibaba is not lacking engineers or customer service representatives. We need economists, sociologists, people with integrated knowledge to deal with challenges,” Jack Ma, Alibaba’s executive chairman, said.  Live broadcasts and entertainment were used in the run-up to this year’s event. More than 600 international brands used Alibaba’s live-steaming capabilities to introduce their brands and 11.11 products got customer feedback in real time.  At Alibaba’s 11.11 Countdown Gala Celebration, consumers in front of the televisions could be seen shaking, scanning, chatting, browsing and buying with their mobile phones. Audiences could even vote in real time to guide the plot direction of the drama shows unfolding on the stage. Alibaba is showing that virtual reality shopping is not sci-fi.  From November 1 until Friday, consumers could demo Alibaba Buy+; the shoppers could browse products at eight virtual reality stores, including Macy’s, Target, Costco, P&G and others, with 360-degree views using a VR headset. There is no need for expensive headsets. At just 1 yuan, the “VR cardboard” can be connected to a smartphone which has been available at the Taobao Marketplace since October 21. Innovation in online shopping Alibaba has introduced innovation to enhance consumers’ online shopping with augmented reality and Omni-channel Commerce, a location-based augmented reality mobile game featuring the Tmall cat mascot called “Catch the Tmall Cat”. This Pokemon Go style mobile game drives consumers to physical shops such as KFC, Intime Shopping malls, Suning, Shanghai Disneyland and Starbucks.  Alibaba is working with more than 1 million offline stores across various product categories to present consumers with an integrated online-to-offline experience across products, members and services and a “See Now, Buy Now” initiative. As a core part of the fashion show, consumers could use a “Buy Now” button to order in real time everything they saw on the catwalk in the Tmall and Taobao mobile apps while watching the shows and could also watch a stream on Alibaba’s online video hub Youku.com to pre-order items. More than 1,000 products from 50 international brands were showcased including Adidas, GAP, Levi’s Burberry, Paul Smith, New Balance and others. When Alibaba’s 2016 11.11 Global Shopping Festival began, in the first 5 minutes total GMV settled through Alipay exceeded 6.8 billion yuan (Bt35 billion). The 11.11 is not just a purely Chinese affair – 235 countries and regions completed cross-border transactions during the festival. This year nearly 100,000 merchants, including 11,000 international merchants, participated. Adidas, Apple, Nike, Pampers, Phillips, Siemens and Uniqlo were among the most popular in their respective product categories. After 24 hours, total GMV settled 120.7 billion yuan in transactions that played out over Alibaba’s e-commerce platforms – mostly on B2C site Tmall.com and C2C site Taobao Marketplace, a 32-per-cent jump over last year, while order volumes recorded a new high with 175,000 orders in one second. This was not surprising, as it was the world’s largest sale. Alibaba’s festival stimulated spending of more than $14 billion in GMV last year. “It’s not thinking about ourselves as an ordinary company,” Jack Ma told a crowd of several hundred reporters shortly before the close of Alibaba’s 11.11 2016 mega-shopping event at Media Centre, Shenzhen Universiade Sports Centre “It’s about thinking of ourselves as an economy.” Alibaba is using technology and data to converge online and offline retail to move beyond simple transactions. “That’s why we’re not reporting quarterly GMV. It doesn’t represent our true identity, and over-emphasising it makes people just think about e-commerce,” Ma said.   Tags Alibaba Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Singaporeans are now using less electricity and water... PEOPLE HERE may be armed with mobile pho... business Nov 20,2016 01:00 China doubles down on free trade as Trump leaves a void... LIMA - Chinese President Xi Jinping tout... business Nov 20,2016 11:29 IFC study finds climate pact helped open up $23 trillion in emerging-m... THE HISTORIC GLOBAL agreement on climate... business Nov 20,2016 01:00 PTTEP stresses innovative technology at world meet... PTT Exploration and Production (PTTEP) y... business Nov 15,2016 01:00 Passengers flying into and out of Thailand must pay new Bt15 surcharge... PASSENGERS travelling in and out Thailan... business Nov 15,2016 01:00 Cisco sees doubling in digital banking clients... SOME 4.5 per cent of banking customers i... business Nov 19,2016 01:00 Ambitious Alibaba breaks new ground in online shopping... ALIBABA is bringing the world to the fut... business Nov 14,2016 01:00 StockRadars’ local developer gets second broker partner... SIAMSQUARED Technologies (Thailand), the... business Nov 16,2016 01:00 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends... THE CLOSURE of the first-car buyer schem... business Nov 01,2016 01:00 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE... Seven companies have been selected to pr... business Oct 31,2016 01:00 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand... NISSAN has announced the appointment of ... business Oct 31,2016 01:00 Breakthrough buoys SCG Chemicals ... SCG CHEMICALS has achieved key breakthro... business Oct 26,2016 01:00 Residential market sees a slowdown... THE RESIDENTIAL property market in Bangk... business Nov 04,2016 01:00 Join with us Home BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Adweek Blog Network: TVNewser| TVSpy| LostRemote| AgencySpy| PRNewser| SocialTimes| FishbowlNY| FishbowlDC| GalleyCat A Day in Puppy Paradise Canon gives this scrappy shelter dog the perfect day Subscribe to Adweek Get a full year of print and digital editions for just $69 Be a Corporate Cowboy Fruit of the Loom has the most comfortable corporate wear The Press Television Technology Advertising & Branding Adfreak Video SUBSCRIBE X Magazine Subscription Subscribe to Adweek Magazine and get the iPad edition for free! Subscribe Now Headlines: Press: Why More Women's Magazines Are… TV: Stephen Colbert Calls His Live… Tech: Mark Zuckerberg Has Admitted T… Ads & Brands: Ashton Kutcher, Airbnb Investo… How This Agency Built Its Own App Using Amazon Echo Voice skills have become big business for Rain By Lauren Johnson November 14, 2016, 4:03 PM EST Technology Rain has picked up a few new clients with its voice expertise. Amazon Last October, New York-based digital agency Rain worked with Campbell's to find a new way to push out the CPG giant's library of recipes, creating one of the first branded "skills" for Amazon's voice-controlled Echo device, which helped consumers find dinner recipes on demand. While the agency expected a bit of a PR boost from the Campbell's work, voice and the so-called Internet of Things has actually become a big growth area for Rain over the past year, as more agencies look for ways to tap into emerging devices for brands. Shortly after creating the Campbell's skill, Rain became one of a handful of Amazon's go-to developers tasked with building "skills"—voice apps that let consumers ask questions to Amazon's AI platform named Alexa. Rain even opened up a small satellite office—albeit with one employee—in Seattle to be closer to Amazon's headquarters. "From an agency level, Amazon helps make some connections with clients," said Greg Hedges, director of strategy at Rain. "People will reach out to Amazon sometimes and then we'll get them to the right people." In the past year, Rain has signed 1-800-Flowers, P&G's Tide, Yahoo Fantasy Football and Liberty Mutual-owned Safeco as clients, helping to build branded skills that dole out information and entertainment to consumers. For Safeco, the agency built a glossary of insurance terms so that consumers can ask Alexa questions like, "What is umbrella insurance?" or "What does liability mean?" For 1-800-Flowers, users can automatically place flower orders to their friends or family members. In addition to building branded skills, Rain is also plugged into Amazon Voice Service, the arm of Amazon's business focused on building Alexa into other devices. As part of that, Rain recently built a smartphone app called Reverb that uses Amazon's API so that anyone can use Alexa—whether or not they have an Echo device. Here's how it works: People download the Reverb iOS or Android app (there's also a website) and log in with an Amazon account. From there, folks are prompted to press a finger on the screen to ask Alexa a question. Just like using Echo, Alexa reads the answer out loud and consumers can then have a back-and-forth conversation with her. For Rain, the app is a way for staffers to tweak and improve the user experience of branded skills when they aren't nearby to use an Echo. "We use it to test our skills," Hedges said. "We are always looking to be on top of moving technologies and make sure that we understand them—building this was part of understanding the platform." Going forward, Rain is looking for ways that marketers can use Reverb. In one scenario, the technology could be built into a branded app for Campbell's, to make it easier for consumers to access recipes without having to press a button. "We've already talked about that," said Hedges. "Amazon democratized the voice experience by opening the door [to voice] and we're helping to further that by opening the Alexa platform up." Hedges said that the agency is working on other ways to build on the initial success of the Campbell's skill, too. "We want to work [on] the ability not to just get the recipe but also extend that cooking experience into getting ingredients [or more information into] the steps." It's not the first time that Rain has hacked Echo. In May, Rain software engineer Octavio Menocal created a skill for playing a simple game of rock, paper scissors. Data informs Rain's investment in Echo. Hedges said that the agency builds Google Analytics into its skills to track stats like how long someone spends with the skill, when they use it, their ZIP code and what questions they ask. "In the Yahoo Fantasy Football app, I can ask for information about a player," Hedges said. "We're not only capturing the fact that someone asked about a player, we're actually capturing information about what specific player they asked for so that we can see which players are most popular." Rain is also keeping its eye on Google Home, the company's new home device that's potentially full of marketing data. In December, Google plans to open up its AI platform—dubbed Google Assistant—for marketers and developers to create similar experiences to Amazon Echo. "We feel like the process that we've honed is applicable to those—while we've built skills, what we've really been building in the end are these larger experiences and then executing them using Alexa," Hedges said. Get the Technology Today newsletter: Check out our other newsletters: Daily Digest Brandweek Technology Today The AdFreak Daily Advertising & Branding Television Today Television Upfront Digital Content NewFronts Promotions & Offers   Thanks for signing up! Check your inbox for a confirmation email. Topics: 1-800-Flowers, Alexa, Amazon, Amazon Echo, Data, Rain, Tide, voice advertising, voice marketing, Yahoo Fantasy Football Subscribe to Adweek today. Now on the iPad! About the Author Lauren Johnson is a staff writer for Adweek. Follow Comments View the discussion thread. 2 1 Email Print Print Print ✕ Close Advertisement Featured Jobs Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Associate Acquisitions Editor, Content Acquisition Sounds True Louisville, Colorado Digital Director Lambda Legal New York City, New York Marketing Communications Specialist Proveris Scientific Marlborough, MA PR Account Executive The Baddish Group New York City, New York (US) See More Jobs Editor's Picks Hearst's Joanna Coles Has Partnered with Airbnb for New Magazine Venture Amazon's Touching Interfaith Ad Appeals to the Better Angels of a Divided World Stephen Colbert Calls His Live Election Night Show 'The Hardest Thing I’ve Ever Done' Mark Zuckerberg Has Admitted That Facebook Has a Problem With Fake News Ad of the Day: San Francisco Is Shocked by a Store Where Everything Costs Five Times the Norm How the Election Hurt Ecommerce and 6 Other Interesting Digital Marketing Stats You Can Create a Powerpuff Girls Avatar as Unique as You Are at This NYC Pop-Up Shop Airbnb's CMO Wants to Redefine Experiential Marketing With the Company's New Offering Advertisement Adweek Blog Network Follow @Adweek Last October, New York-based digital agency Rain worked with Campbell's to find a new way to push out the CPG giant's library of recipes, creating one of the first branded "skills" for Amazon's voice-controlled Echo device, which helped consumers find dinner recipes on demand. While the agency expected a bit of a PR boost from the Campbell's work, voice and the so-called Internet of Things has actually become a big growth area for Rain over the past year, as more agencies look for ways to tap into emerging devices for brands. Shortly after creating the Campbell's skill, Rain became one of a handful of Amazon's go-to developers tasked with building "skills"—voice apps that let consumers ask questions to Amazon's AI platform named Alexa. Rain even opened up a small satellite office—albeit with one employee—in Seattle to be closer to Amazon's headquarters. "From an agency level, Amazon helps make some connections with clients," said Greg Hedges, director of strategy at Rain. "People will reach out to Amazon sometimes and then we'll get them to the right people." In the past year, Rain has signed 1-800-Flowers, P&G's Tide, Yahoo Fantasy Football and Liberty Mutual-owned Safeco as clients, helping to build branded skills that dole out information and entertainment to consumers. For Safeco, the agency built a glossary of insurance terms so that consumers can ask Alexa questions like, "What is umbrella insurance?" or "What does liability mean?" For 1-800-Flowers, users can automatically place flower orders to their friends or family members. In addition to building branded skills, Rain is also plugged into Amazon Voice Service, the arm of Amazon's business focused on building Alexa into other devices. As part of that, Rain recently built a smartphone app called Reverb that uses Amazon's API so that anyone can use Alexa—whether or not they have an Echo device. Here's how it works: People download the Reverb iOS or Android app (there's also a website) and log in with an Amazon account. From there, folks are prompted to press a finger on the screen to ask Alexa a question. Just like using Echo, Alexa reads the answer out loud and consumers can then have a back-and-forth conversation with her. For Rain, the app is a way for staffers to tweak and improve the user experience of branded skills when they aren't nearby to use an Echo. "We use it to test our skills," Hedges said. "We are always looking to be on top of moving technologies and make sure that we understand them—building this was part of understanding the platform." Going forward, Rain is looking for ways that marketers can use Reverb. In one scenario, the technology could be built into a branded app for Campbell's, to make it easier for consumers to access recipes without having to press a button. "We've already talked about that," said Hedges. "Amazon democratized the voice experience by opening the door [to voice] and we're helping to further that by opening the Alexa platform up." Hedges said that the agency is working on other ways to build on the initial success of the Campbell's skill, too. "We want to work [on] the ability not to just get the recipe but also extend that cooking experience into getting ingredients [or more information into] the steps." It's not the first time that Rain has hacked Echo. In May, Rain software engineer Octavio Menocal created a skill for playing a simple game of rock, paper scissors. Data informs Rain's investment in Echo. Hedges said that the agency builds Google Analytics into its skills to track stats like how long someone spends with the skill, when they use it, their ZIP code and what questions they ask. "In the Yahoo Fantasy Football app, I can ask for information about a player," Hedges said. "We're not only capturing the fact that someone asked about a player, we're actually capturing information about what specific player they asked for so that we can see which players are most popular." Rain is also keeping its eye on Google Home, the company's new home device that's potentially full of marketing data. In December, Google plans to open up its AI platform—dubbed Google Assistant—for marketers and developers to create similar experiences to Amazon Echo. "We feel like the process that we've honed is applicable to those—while we've built skills, what we've really been building in the end are these larger experiences and then executing them using Alexa," Hedges said. Advertisement Terms of use | Privacy Policy ©2016 Adweek   All Rights Reserved About Media Kit Contact Us BrandShare Webinars Events Custom Print Sections Subscribe to Adweek Subscription Options Digital App Newsletters Reprints Back Issues RSS Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Additional Info Trophies, Awards & Seals Customer Service
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved CP+B Boulder Welcomes Group Strategy Director Ethan Decker Advertisement NEXT:GroupM Makes Leadership Changes, Consolidates Central Resources PREVIOUS:Beer Giant Constellation Picks Cavalry to Promote a New Corona Premium Line Revolving Door CP+B Boulder Welcomes Group Strategy Director Ethan Decker By Erik Oster on Nov. 14, 2016 - 2:10 PMComment CP+B Boulder has hired group strategy director Ethan Decker to oversee Domino’s and other accounts. Decker arrives at CP+B from Omnicom shopper marketing agency The Integer Group of Lakewood, Colorado. He spent over eight years there, most recently serving as VP of insight and strategy and leading planning on the Kellogg, PepsiCo, MillerCoors, and P&G accounts. Before that he spent two years as insights director with 72andSunny, handling strategy and research for various clients including Discovery, Nike, Quiksilver and Roxy. Decker began his career as an ecologist and earned a PhD in urban ecology and human evolution from the University of New Mexico and also spent time at Boulder ethnographic research firm Radar Communications, where he contributed to global research for Intel and Unilever. He has presented on marketing science at SXSW, TED and other events. “What we love most about Ethan is that despite his deep expertise and scientific mind, he’s always willing to throw it all away and invent something completely new,” CP+B chief strategy officer Eric Zuncic, who joined the agency in July of 2015, said in a statement. “His innate sense of curiosity and creativity, backed by the rigor of real scientific analysis is a rare find in our world. Most importantly, our creatives noted that he is the ‘Perfect amount of weird to help us make great work’ – which is about as good a compliment as I’ve ever heard.” < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
null
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release 2016 AF&PA Sustainability Award Winners Announced at Annual Meeting By Published: Nov 14, 2016 10:00 a.m. ET Share Five member companies recognized for exemplary sustainability programs WASHINGTON, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) presented its 2016 Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 Sustainability Awards at AF&PA's annual meeting on Friday, Nov. 11 in Cary, North Carolina. Five AF&PA member companies received awards from 23 outstanding submissions across the industry: http://afandpa.org/sustainability/sustainability-award-winners "Our members' efforts to improve the sustainability of their operations aid progress toward the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 goals and keep our industry at the forefront of sustainable manufacturing," said AF&PA President and CEO Donna Harman. "We applaud the ingenuity and commitment of these award-winning initiatives." 2016 AF&PA Sustainability Award Winners Leadership in Sustainability – Paper Recovery for Recycling Dart Container Corporation: Dart Container Employee Recycling Center Leadership in Sustainability – Energy Efficiency/Greenhouse Gas Reduction Sappi North America: Hood Heat Recovery Project at Somerset Leadership in Sustainability – Safety WestRock Company: Safety First, Safety Always Leadership in Sustainability – Water Procter & Gamble: Water Conservation Response Innovation in Sustainability Georgia-Pacific: Protecting Endangered Forests and Special Areas Designed to recognize exemplary sustainability programs and initiatives in the paper and wood products manufacturing industry, AF&PA's annual awards are given based on the merit of entries received across multiple categories. Projects that support progress toward the Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 sustainability goals qualify for recognition in the "Leadership" category, which has five subcategories that correspond to the goals: Paper Recovery for Recycling, Energy Efficiency/Greenhouse Gas Reduction, Sustainable Forest Management, Safety, and Water. The "Innovation in Sustainability" award is reserved for projects that merit recognition for their contribution to sustainable business practices, not one of the goals specifically. AF&PA's 2016 Sustainability Report showed that the U.S. pulp, paper, packaging, tissue and wood products manufacturing industry has made significant, measurable progress toward achieving its Better Practices, BetterPlanet 2020 sustainability goals. For more information, visit sustainability.afandpa.org. Editor's Note: Click here to retrieve photos (caption included) of the award winners. The American Forest & Paper Association (AF&PA) serves to advance a sustainable U.S. pulp, paper, packaging, tissue and wood products manufacturing industry through fact-based public policy and marketplace advocacy. AF&PA member companies make products essential for everyday life from renewable and recyclable resources and are committed to continuous improvement through the industry's sustainability initiative - Better Practices, Better Planet 2020 . The forest products industry accounts for approximately 4 percent of the total U.S. manufacturing GDP, manufactures over $200 billion in products annually, and employs approximately 900,000 men and women. The industry meets a payroll of approximately $50 billion annually and is among the top 10 manufacturing sector employers in 45 states. Visit AF&PA online at www.afandpa.org or follow us on Twitter @ForestandPaper . Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20120725/DC46454LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/2016-afpa-sustainability-award-winners-announced-at-annual-meeting-300360047.html SOURCE American Forest & Paper Association Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null
WV Delegate Cowles hired to head Morgan County Economic Developm - Business, Government Legal News from throughout WV Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Business Government Energy Law Opinion Lynne D. Schwabe Brooks McCabe Charlie Bowen John Brown Dolly Withrow Linda Arnold Government Law Energy SHOP About Us Job Openings WV Delegate Cowles hired to head Morgan County Economic Development Authority Posted: Thursday, November 10, 2016 6:56 PM EST Updated: Saturday, November 12, 2016 2:00 PM EST By Marla Pisciotta Photo courtesy of Daryl Cowles — Delegate Daryl Cowles, R-Morgan, shown here with his wife Nicole and 4 children, adds Executive Director of Morgan County Development Authority to his resume. Delegate Daryl Cowles, R-Morgan, a 10-year veteran of the Legislature, has taken the executive director position of the Morgan County Economic Development Authority. “There is a lot going on in Berkeley Springs,” the 46-year-old Cowles said. “A lot of plans have been made for development. I am looking forward to getting some of these projects across the finish lines.” Cowles is no stranger to the authority board. He has served on the board for a number of years and said a lot of good things can come from its works — small businesses and county infrastructure can reap the benefits. Some projects in the county are underway and others are in the works. Blue Ridge Community and Technical College now has a campus in Berkeley Springs for work force training and higher education. “We desperately need that in the county,” Cowles said. “It’s a 45-minute drive to Martinsburg. We are glad to have their presence in the county.” Morgan County is developing a partnership with Procter & Gamble to build a lab in the former Pines Center Hospital.  Another big expansion is planned for Cacapon State Park. Related story: Media center grows in Morgan County, WV “Plans are to build 79 new rooms at the lodge, work on the golf course and work on the sewer plant,” Cowles said. He said the sewer plant was authorized three years ago by the Legislature, but Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin has not yet authorized the bond sale. “I think the financial outlook of the state right now is holding up that decision,” Cowles said. “Hopefully finances will straighten out and we’ll be able to get that project done.” The county also is talking with Mountaineer Gas about a natural gas line going into the county. “Currently we have zero natural gas availability in Morgan County,” Cowles said. Cowles said the application for the gas project has been filed with the West Virginia Public Service Commission. Related story: WV House of Delegates passes flood funding bill “Natural gas would allow bigger companies that require that type of energy to consider locating in Morgan County,” Cowles said. Smaller projects in the county include streetscaping in downtown Berkeley Springs, and new Tractor Supply Co. and Dollar General stores have located in the county. A native of Morgan County, Cowles has served on several regional economic groups, including West-pep and Region 9 Planning and Development Council. Cowles also serves as Majority Leader in the House of Delegates for District 58, Morgan and part of Hampshire counties. For the past 26 years, Cowles has managed his family owned construction and masonry firm. “I will be giving up the family business and concentrating on economic development and my job as Delegate,” Cowles said. Cowles is a graduate of Berkeley Springs High School, is married to his wife Nichole and has four children. Follow The State Journal on Facebook and Twitter GovernmentGovernmentMore>> Getting schooled on the history of the American polling place Getting schooled on the history of the American polling place Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 6:00 AM EST2016-11-20 11:00:14 GMT If you cast your ballot on Election Day, there’s a strong chance are you did it in a school or other public building. Schools and churches in the Mountain State are the most common locations for setting up polling places. And it’s been that way for a long time. If you cast your ballot on Election Day, there’s a strong chance are you did it in a school or other public building. Schools and churches in the Mountain State are the most common locations for setting up polling places. And it’s been that way for a long time. Commission finds WV college enrollment rates rising Commission finds WV college enrollment rates rising Updated: Friday, November 18 2016 3:39 PM EST2016-11-18 20:39:33 GMT The number of students entering four-year colleges increased this year in West Virginia, according to the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission. The number of students entering four-year colleges increased this year in West Virginia, according to the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission. Health navigators continuing work in northern West Virginia Health navigators continuing work in northern West Virginia Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:24 PM EST2016-11-17 17:24:44 GMT West Virginia University says a program it operates to help people in northern West Virginia sign up for health insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act is continuing its work. Penny Womeldorff directs the WV Healthy Start Navigator Project. She says nothing has changed, even though the recent election has raised questions about the law's future. West Virginia University associate law professor Valarie Blake says recent discussions about repealing the law shouldn't keep people ... West Virginia University says a program it operates to help people in northern West Virginia sign up for health insurance plans under the Affordable Care Act is continuing its work. Penny Womeldorff directs the WV Healthy Start Navigator Project. She says nothing has changed, even though the recent election has raised questions about the law's future. West Virginia University associate law professor Valarie Blake says recent discussions about repealing the law shouldn't keep people ... VIDEO: Clay Center dedicates climbing sculpture dedicated to WV youth VIDEO: Clay Center dedicates climbing sculpture dedicated to WV youth Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 6:18 PM EST2016-11-16 23:18:50 GMT The sculpture, designed by artist Spencer Lucky, is intended to be a centerpiece for the Clay Center, and spans all three stories of the facility. The sculpture, designed by artist Spencer Lucky, is intended to be a centerpiece for the Clay Center, and spans all three stories of the facility. Huntington presents Richwood with some welcome Christmas cheer Huntington presents Richwood with some welcome Christmas cheer Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 2:19 PM EST2016-11-16 19:19:56 GMT The Huntington Municipal Development Authority has donated thousands of dollars’ worth of old Christmas decorations to Richwood, WV. The Huntington Municipal Development Authority has donated thousands of dollars’ worth of old Christmas decorations to Richwood, WV. Jennifer Orlikoff selected as WVU Potomac State College president Jennifer Orlikoff selected as WVU Potomac State College president Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 12:46 PM EST2016-11-16 17:46:47 GMT Potomac State College of West Virginia University has selected its interim campus president Jennifer Orlikoff to serve in the position permanently. Orlikoff has been in the interim position since July 1, and her permanent post at the Keyser campus will be effective immediately. Potomac State College of West Virginia University has selected its interim campus president Jennifer Orlikoff to serve in the position permanently. Orlikoff has been in the interim position since July 1, and her permanent post at the Keyser campus will be effective immediately. Justice’s transition to office will be led by Larry Puccio Justice’s transition to office will be led by Larry Puccio Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 12:42 PM EST2016-11-16 17:42:06 GMT Governor-elect Jim Justice announced Nov. 16 he’ll be keeping his campaign’s senior adviser at least through his transition into office. Governor-elect Jim Justice announced Nov. 16 he’ll be keeping his campaign’s senior adviser at least through his transition into office. West Virginia Board of Education releases grades for public schools West Virginia Board of Education releases grades for public schools Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 12:21 PM EST2016-11-16 17:21:34 GMT Students of the 668 public schools are used with getting graded on their performance in class. But now, parents can find out how well their children’s schools are performing, on a familiar A to F scale. The West Virginia Board of Education announced school grades for each public school in the state Nov. 16. Students of the 668 public schools are used with getting graded on their performance in class. But now, parents can find out how well their children’s schools are performing, on a familiar A to F scale. The West Virginia Board of Education announced school grades for each public school in the state Nov. 16. WV Gov. Tomblin announces mid-year budget cuts WV Gov. Tomblin announces mid-year budget cuts Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 3:59 PM EST2016-11-15 20:59:55 GMT West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin has announced a 2 percent budget cut for most state agencies to make up for a growing budget deficit. West Virginia Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin has announced a 2 percent budget cut for most state agencies to make up for a growing budget deficit. UPDATE: Clay, WV mayor resigns in wake of Facebook comment about Michelle Obama Head of WV Democratic Party apologizes to Michelle Obama Updated: Tuesday, November 15 2016 3:10 PM EST2016-11-15 20:10:38 GMT The head of West Virginia's Democratic Party issued a statement apologizing to first lady Michelle Obama following a social media post from Clay County, WV referred to Obama as an "ape in heels." The head of West Virginia's Democratic Party issued a statement apologizing to first lady Michelle Obama following a social media post from Clay County, WV referred to Obama as an "ape in heels."    SlideshowMore>> VIDEO: Clay Center dedicates climbing sculpture dedicated to WV youth VIDEO: Clay Center dedicates climbing sculpture dedicated to WV youth Updated: Wednesday, November 16 2016 6:18 PM EST2016-11-16 23:18:50 GMT The sculpture, designed by artist Spencer Lucky, is intended to be a centerpiece for the Clay Center, and spans all three stories of the facility. The sculpture, designed by artist Spencer Lucky, is intended to be a centerpiece for the Clay Center, and spans all three stories of the facility. Great Expectations Think Space Great Expectations Think Space Updated: Tuesday, November 8 2016 3:46 PM EST2016-11-08 20:46:04 GMT An unconventional, creative meeting space where individuals, teams and organizations come to unleash their creativity and unlock their potential.  An unconventional, creative meeting space where individuals, teams and organizations come to unleash their creativity and unlock their potential.  Artists, fans continue to connect Artists, fans continue to connect Updated: Sunday, October 30 2016 10:00 AM EDT2016-10-30 14:00:16 GMT There is a reason Garth Brooks appeals across the board: The working class appreciate his work ethic and longevity in the music business, while his marketing genius and social consciousness made him a champion of all people.  There is a reason Garth Brooks appeals across the board: The working class appreciate his work ethic and longevity in the music business, while his marketing genius and social consciousness made him a champion of all people.  Recovering with Red Tape: The city of Richwood, devastated by flooding but tangled up in red tape, tries to go it alone in recovery Recovering with Red Tape: The city of Richwood, devastated by flooding but tangled up in red tape, tries to go it alone in recovery Updated: Sunday, July 24 2016 6:09 PM EDT2016-07-24 22:09:01 GMT When an inspector from the Federal Emergency Management Agency came to Karen Griffith’s Richwood home, he looked around and told her she didn’t have significant damage from June 23 floods that raced through Richwood and several other West Virginia communities. Griffith would not be eligible for assistance from FEMA, she was told. When an inspector from the Federal Emergency Management Agency came to Karen Griffith’s Richwood home, he looked around and told her she didn’t have significant damage from June 23 floods that raced through Richwood and several other West Virginia communities. Griffith would not be eligible for assistance from FEMA, she was told. Football fans take in Saints, Patriots practices at The Greenbrier this week Football fans take in Saints, Patriots practices at The Greenbrier this week Updated: Tuesday, May 17 2016 12:35 PM EDT2016-05-17 16:35:16 GMT Saints and Patriots fans enjoy training camp at The Greenbrier. The Patriots joined with the New Orleans Saints Aug. 19 for the first of two days of a combined training camp at White Sulphur Springs. The Patriots joined with the New Orleans Saints Aug. 19 for the first of two days of a combined training camp at White Sulphur Springs. Nearly 2,000 UMWA members, retirees rally to keep benefits at Patriot Coal headquarters in WV Nearly 2,000 UMWA members, retirees rally to keep benefits at Patriot Coal headquarters in WV Updated: Tuesday, May 17 2016 12:33 PM EDT2016-05-17 16:33:23 GMT Nearly 2,000 people from West Virginia, Virginia, Pennsylvania and Kentucky convened at the Patriot Coal Corp. headquarters in Scott Depot, West Virginia Aug. 17 to protest the company’s attempts to shed their pension and health care liabilities through chapter 11 bankruptcy. Nearly 2,000 people from West Virginia, Virginia, Pennsylvania and Kentucky convened at the Patriot Coal Corp. headquarters in Scott Depot, West Virginia Aug. 17 to protest the company’s attempts to shed their pension and health care liabilities through chapter 11 bankruptcy. Reds caravan connects team With WV fans Reds caravan connects team With WV fans Updated: Tuesday, May 17 2016 12:18 PM EDT2016-05-17 16:18:12 GMT JIM WORKMAN / The State Journal With West Virginians still digging out of the recent snow storm, a glimmer of hope remains that spring is around the corner. That’s what thinking baseball will do. With West Virginians still digging out of the recent snow storm, a glimmer of hope remains that spring is around the corner. That’s what thinking baseball will do. Furry Fridays on tap for WV tourism Furry Fridays on tap for WV tourism Updated: Tuesday, May 17 2016 12:17 PM EDT2016-05-17 16:17:37 GMT When planning a family vacation, some people check for the availability of high chairs or rental car seats. When planning a family vacation, some people check for the availability of high chairs or rental car seats. Small farm conference educates West Virginia farmers Small farm conference educates West Virginia farmers Updated: Tuesday, May 17 2016 12:16 PM EDT2016-05-17 16:16:09 GMT There is a new generation of farmers rising up across West Virginia. It’s apparent, according to Tom McConnell, program leader of Small Farm Center, West Virginia University Extension Service. His office hosted the 12th annual West Virginia Small Farm Conference Feb. 25-27 at the Charleston Civic Center. There is a new generation of farmers rising up across West Virginia. It’s apparent, according to Tom McConnell, program leader of Small Farm Center, West Virginia University Extension Service. His office hosted the 12th annual West Virginia Small Farm Conference Feb. 25-27 at the Charleston Civic Center.    Top VideoMore>> Neighbors Loving Neighbors Neighbors Loving Neighbors JQ Dickinson Salt Tour JQ Dickinson Salt Tour Paint Creek Driving Tour Paint Creek Driving Tour Morgantown Escape Room Morgantown Escape Room Escape rooms, a type of physical live-action puzzle game, are growing in popularity for recreation and corporate team building. Three others currently operate in the Mountain State. Earth Day Earth Day 2016 Generation Next: 40 Under 40 Event 2016 Generation Next: 40 Under 40 Event For 11 years, The State Journal has dedicated the Generation Next: 40 Under 40 program to highlighting a group of young professionals who push forward every day with their own dreams and plans to make West Virginia a better place. For 11 years, The State Journal has dedicated the Generation Next: 40 Under 40 program to highlighting a group of young professionals who push forward every day with their own dreams and plans to make West Virginia a better place. The Exotic Jungle The Exotic Jungle For more than 31 years The Exotic Jungle has been the place to go in Morgantown when you need a bearded dragon or when your chinchilla runs out of bath sand. WVU's Reed College of Media — Media Innovation Center WVU's Reed College of Media — Media Innovation Center WVU's Reed College of Media — Media Innovation Center Meet The Smith Brothers Meet The Smith Brothers Does it ever cross your mind who is behind the scenes making sure your campus is running smoothly?  Does it ever cross your mind who is behind the scenes making sure your campus is running smoothly?     WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> Email Mobile RSS Facebook Twitter Send us a story idea! The State Journal welcomes your news tips and story ideas.  For breaking news, please call our newsroom at 304-720-6550. To email us your news tips and story ideas, please enter your email address below to continue: Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields We're sorry, but only one entry is allowed per person. Thank you for your continued interest. Thank you for submitting your news tip or story idea! Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> DECISION MAKERS: Guests include Robert Murray, Mark Carter, Mac Warner, Mark Blankenship, and Greg Thomas DECISION MAKERS: Guests include Robert Murray, Mark Carter, Mac Warner, Mark Blankenship, and Greg Thomas Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 9:03 AM EST2016-11-20 14:03:38 GMT On this week's edition of Decision Makers, Bray hosts Robert Murray, Mark Carter, Mac Warner, Mark Blankenship, and Greg Thomas. On this week's edition of Decision Makers, Bray hosts Robert Murray, Mark Carter, Mac Warner, Mark Blankenship, and Greg Thomas. Wheels in motion: Economic officials say downstream opportunities are looking up in West Virginia Wheels in motion: Economic officials say downstream opportunities are looking up in West Virginia Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 6:00 AM EST2016-11-20 11:00:14 GMT West Virginia Secretary of Commerce Keith Burdette learned long ago not to expect a win every time the Mountain State competes for a major economic development prize.  West Virginia Secretary of Commerce Keith Burdette learned long ago not to expect a win every time the Mountain State competes for a major economic development prize.  Forbes: W.Va. the worst state for business Forbes: W.Va. the worst state for business Updated: Thursday, November 17 2016 12:08 PM EST2016-11-17 17:08:31 GMT Forbes magazine says West Virginia is the worst state in which to do business for the second year in a row. Forbes magazine says West Virginia is the worst state in which to do business for the second year in a row. Antero hopes to move ahead with salt landfill Antero hopes to move ahead with salt landfill Updated: Sunday, November 20 2016 6:00 AM EST2016-11-20 11:00:14 GMT Antero Resources is still awaiting permitting approval for its salt landfill in Doddridge County, a companion piece to $500 million in freshwater pipelines and a $275 million Clearwater Treatment Facility expected to come online in late 2017. Antero Resources is still awaiting permitting approval for its salt landfill in Doddridge County, a companion piece to $500 million in freshwater pipelines and a $275 million Clearwater Treatment Facility expected to come online in late 2017. Huntington, WV Elks Lodge puts building up for sale Huntington, WV Elks Lodge puts building up for sale Updated: Saturday, November 19 2016 12:00 PM EST2016-11-19 17:00:16 GMT Faced with a declining membership, Huntington Lodge 313 B.P.O Elks is offering its long-time lodge hall for sale. Huntington lodge once had nearly 2,000 members.  “We’re down now to about 500 members,” said Exalted Ruler Daniel M. Goheen. Faced with a declining membership, Huntington Lodge 313 B.P.O Elks is offering its long-time lodge hall for sale. Huntington lodge once had nearly 2,000 members.  “We’re down now to about 500 members,” said Exalted Ruler Daniel M. Goheen.    The State Journal PO Box 11848 Charleston, WV 25339 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 The State Journal. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
November 20, 2016 About us Contact us Subscribe to magazine Digital Magazine Newsletter sign-up Search this site: Home Our Analysis By Investment Type Funds (Unit trusts & OEICs) Investment Trusts / Companies Exchange Traded Funds Pension Funds Shares Retail Bonds Savings By Region UK Asia Pacific Japan Europe ex UK North America / US Latin America Middle East/Africa Global Developed Markets Global Emerging Markets By Underlying Equities Bonds Mixed Assets Commodities Property How To Invest Beginner's Guides Investment basics Retirement Tax efficiency Funds and trusts Stocks and shares Property Alternative products By Investment Strategy Income investing Growth investing Balanced investing Asset allocation Stock picking Value investing Ethical investing Financial Planning Inheritance tax and estate planning Investing tax efficiently Investing for children Retirement planning Protecting your family Understanding risk Model Portfolios Growth Portfolios Alpha – short-term growth, medium risk Bravo – medium-term growth,medium risk Charlie – long-term growth, medium risk Delta – short-term growth, higher risk Echo – medium-term growth, higher risk Foxtrot – long-term growth, higher risk Income portfolios Golf – immediate income, medium risk Hotel – balanced income, medium risk India – growing income, medium risk Juliet – immediate income, higher risk Kilo – balanced income, higher risk Lima – growing income, higher risk Other themed portfolios Adviser Built Balanced Adviser Built Growth Adviser Built Income Growth Conservative Investment Trust portfolio Adventurous Investment Trust portfolio Mixed Asset: Active Income Mixed Asset: Tactical Asset Allocator Shares: Dogs of the Footsie Share Sleuth Research Comparison services Compare Funds and Investment Trusts Compare Pension Funds Find the best online broker Browse by Browse Rated Funds by Fund Group Browse all Money Observer Rated Funds Browse by Fund Sector Browse by Fund Management Company Featured Investment Trusts - Annual report summaries Income tax calculator News and views News Funds & Investment Trusts Financial Planning Markets Economy & Policy Companies Everyday money Brexit Blogs Inside Money (Andrew Pitts) Steve Webb's Pension Clinic Fisher's Financial Myth-busters Contrarian Investor Miss Mackay's Money Microscope Financial Futures Share Sleuth (Richard Beddard) View of the Day (industry perspectives) Saltydog Features TV Home » Our analysis How to Trump-proof your portfolio November 14, 2016 - 4:41pm - Kyle Caldwell Financial markets have on the whole taken Donald Trump's US election victory in their stride. Stock markets initially took fright, but swiftly bounced back following Trump's victory speech, which was uncharacteristically measured and gracious. The opinion polls once again got it wrong, as did various investment strategist and financial commentators, who predicted a heavy short-term sell-off due to the various uncertainties associated with a Trump presidency. Over the longer term these uncertainties may well come back to haunt financial markets and inflict damage on investors' portfolios. Many of these risks, however, are already well documented, which in turns gives savvy investors the opportunity to Trump-proof their investments. TRUMP WIN COULD BE GAME-CHANGER FOR BONDS Trump's victory could completely change the investment landscape. The president elect has pledged to cut taxes and increase infrastructure spending on America's ageing roads, bridges, power grids and airports. In turn, this is expected to boost company earnings and consumer spending, but ultimately it will widen the US public sector deficit in the years to come, causing inflation to rise and monetary policy to tighten. To add weight to this argument, Trump has in the past criticised the Federal Reserve for keeping interest rates low, describing the move as creating a 'false economy'.  '[Trump's proposals] will result in higher bond yields and a steeper yield curve,' notes Luca Paolini, chief strategist at Pictet Asset Management. Paolini adds that rising inflation and a wider deficit could also spell an end to dollar strength, which according to Pictet's models is already some 20 per cent overvalued on a trade-weighted basis. High-quality bonds with low yields, such as government bonds, will suffer from higher rates and higher inflation. But as Money Observer noted last month, there are various bond inflation insurance policies, including index-linked bond funds or exchanged traded funds. One option, highlight by Psgima's Tom Becket, is the Fidelity Index-Linked Bond fund. Another way to mitigate risk is to consider bond funds that hold bonds with short lifespans - in other words, that are a couple of years away from maturity. Indeed, some bond fund managers, including James Foster at Artemis, have moved to 'short' government bonds in anticipation that the 35-year bond bull market is coming to an end. Investment grade and high yield bonds are better placed to ride the storm. Eoin Walsh, co-manager of the TwentyFour Dynamic Bond fund, makes the point that 'if you own yield in this environment, you should probably hang on to it'. This argument, however, probably doesn't extend to the part of the bond market that offers the highest yields of all - emerging market debt - due to Trump's protectionist agenda. The president-elect has pledged to rip up longstanding trade agreements and impose tariffs on imports. Jim Cielinski, global head of fixed income at Columbia Threadneedle Investments, notes: 'Trump's victory is most worrisome for this asset class. Aside from the obvious risk to the close trading partners of Latin America, and Mexico in particular, China is also a concern. 'Much depends on trade policy, as many emerging market countries are heavily export dependent to America. Do not expect clarity for several more months.' Foster adds that one unknown element is the Chinese reaction to being called 'currency manipulators' by Trump. 'The risk is that they respond by selling their substantial holdings of Treasuries. Who knows, but that clearly would be very damaging for bond yields,' says Foster. FOR EQUITIES A trade war between America and China cannot be ruled out, and under this scenario the US economy could be knocked off course. Certain stocks would also be hit. Canaccord Genuity Wealth Management says potential losers are US multinationals with sales exposure to the Asia Pacific region, including Procter & Gamble, Johnson & Johnson and Nike. Marc Pullen, senior equity analyst at the firm, adds that many companies may also lose out, including those that source parts or even their entire products from China, such as Apple. 'So even those US companies with relatively few sales to China could suffer in terms of profit margins,' says Pullen. The emerging market regions, however, could end up being among the biggest equity market losers. That's a point made by Neil Woodford, who manages the CF Woodford Equity Income fund; he says he expects globalisation to come under the spotlight under a Trump administration, and as a result investors should 'expect a greater focus on domestic political priorities at the expense of free trade and globalisation'. Consumer goods giants, the so-called bond proxies, the likes of Unilever and Diageo, are also tipped to be among the losers, due to the expectation that both interest rates and bond yields will rise. The widely held view is that when the interest rate cycle turns and assets other than equities start to look attractive again, bond proxies will be ditched and their share prices will fall. Sarasin & Partners' Guy Monson says that he now prefers 'local franchises over internationally focused businesses'. Among the winners Monson expects a further recovery in high quality US banks and a sharp recovery in some of the best global pharmaceutical franchises, which had sold off in an anticipation of a Hilary Clinton victory. HOW TO TWEAK YOUR FUND CHOICE There will also be fund winners and losers, and it may pay fund investors to switch to a holding more likely to benefit under Trump's presidency. Jason Hollands, of adviser Tilney Bestinvest, tipped First State Global Listed Infrastructure, Axa Framlington Health and Investec Enhanced Natural Resources. The latter fund, Hollands says, 'could capitalise on demand for raw materials that arises from increased infrastructure spend, but it is important to bear in mind that increase US demand needs to be weighed against a slowdown in demand from China.' But at uncertain times it ultimately pays in the long run to adopt a diversified approach and have a segment of your portfolio in safe havens, such as gold or funds that invest in an extremely cautious manner. Options include Personal Assets and RIT Capital Partners, with the latter being one of Money Observer's Rated Funds. Patrick Gordon, a senior market strategist at Killik, says: 'As with Brexit, it is times like these where diversification is particularly important. It remains difficult to call currency moves and short-term asset price swings, but a diversified portfolio, both by asset class and geography, should help to cushion the impact of heightened volatility.' Related articles How to beat the S&P 500 Top US fund manager fires warning over US economy North American equity funds - Rated Funds Mar 14 update Market reaction to the Fed's taper decision Baillie Gifford tops Europe and Japan - Premier League Nov 2013 update Subscribe to Money Observer magazine Be the first to receive expert investment news and analysis of shares, funds, regions and strategies we expect to deliver top returns, plus free access to the digital issues on your desktop or via the Money Observer App. Subscribe now America Apple dow jones industrial average north america   Comments Post new comment Your name: * E-mail: * The content of this field is kept private and will not be shown publicly. Subject: Comment: * By submitting this form, you accept the Mollom privacy policy. Model Portfolios Portfolio aim and duration Short-term growthMedium-term growthLong-term growthImmediate incomeBalanced incomeGrowing income Risk Profile Medium riskHigher risk ? ? Editor's Picks How to Trump-proof your portfolio Buy, hold or sell: Standard Life UK Smaller Companies A tactic to weather the dividend storm Investment trust bargain hunter: discounts rise on income trusts yielding up to 6% Why stock market crashes don't matter Top Performing Funds Fund type: Investment fundsInvestment trustsPension fundsOffshore inv funds Sector: Asia Pacific Excluding JapanAsia Pacific Including JapanChina/Greater ChinaEurope Excluding UKEurope Including UKEuropean Smaller CompaniesFlexible InvestmentGlobalGlobal BondsGlobal Emerging Market BondGlobal Emerging MarketsGlobal Equity IncomeJapanJapanese Smaller CompaniesMixed Investment 0%-35% SharesMixed Investment 20%-60% SharesMixed Investment 40%-85% SharesMoney MarketNorth AmericaNorth American Smaller CompaniesPersonal PensionsPropertyProtectedShort Term Money MarketSpecialistSterling Corporate BondSterling High YieldSterling Strategic BondTargeted Absolute ReturnTechnology & TelecomsUK All CompaniesUK Equity & Bond IncomeUK Equity IncomeUK GiltsUK Index - Linked GiltsUK Smaller CompaniesUnclassified Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Stan Life Inv UK Eq Recvry 44% Schroder Recovery 21.6% UBS UK Opportunities 21.5% Charity Equity 21.4% Schroder Specialist Value UK Equ 19.9% Jupiter UK Special Situations 19.5% Schroder Income 17.5% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Investment funds Data provided by Sector: Asia Pacific excluding Japan EquitiesAsia Pacific including Japan EquitiesBiotechnology & HealthcareCommodities & Nat ResourcesCountry Specialists Asia PacificCountry Specialists EuropeCountry Specialists Latin AmericaCountry Specialists OtherDebtEnvironmentalEuropeEuropean Emerging MarketsEuropean Smaller CompaniesFinancialsFlexible InvestmentForestry & TimberGlobalGlobal Emerging Markets EquitiesGlobal Equity IncomeGlobal High IncomeGlobal Smaller CompaniesHedge FundsInfrastructureInfrastructure - Renewable EnergyInsurance and Reinsurance StrategiesJapan EquitiesJapanese Smaller CompaniesLatin AmericaLiquidity FundsLitigationNorth America EquitiesNorth American Smaller CompaniesNot Yet AssignedPrivate EquityProperty - Direct Asia PacificProperty - Direct EuropeProperty - Direct UKProperty - SecuritiesProperty - SpecialistSmall Media Comms & IT CosSpecialist LeasingTech Media & TelecommUK All CompaniesUK Equity & Bond IncomeUK Equity IncomeUK Smaller CompaniesUtilitiesVCT Generalist Pre QualifyingVCT Specialist Environmental Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Manchester & London IT plc 20% Fidelity Special Values PLC 11.9% Crystal Amber 11.6% Aurora Investment Trust plc 11.6% Columbia Thrdnedle UK Sel Tst 10.6% Abrden UK Tkr Tst plc 9.9% Schroder UK Growth plc 6.1% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Investment trusts Data provided by Sector: Asia Pacific Excluding JapanAsia Pacific Including JapanCommodity & EnergyDeposit & TreasuryEurope Excluding UKEurope Including UKFlexible InvestmentGlobal Emerging MarketsGlobal EquitiesGlobal Fixed InterestGlobal High YieldGlobal PropertyJapanMixed Investment 0%-35% SharesMixed Investment 20%-60% SharesMixed Investment 40%-85% SharesMoney MarketNorth AmericaNot Yet AssignedProtected/GuaranteedSpecialistSterling Corporate BondSterling Fixed InterestSterling High YieldSterling Long BondsSterling Strategic BondUK All CompaniesUK Direct PropertyUK Equity IncomeUK GiltsUK Index - Linked GiltsUK Property SecuritiesUK Smaller CompaniesUnclassifiedWith Profits Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Stan Life SLI UK Eq Rcvry Pn 40.1% Countrywide Equity Pn 24.8% OMW Schroder Recovery 23.1% Royal London Schroders Recovery Pn 22% Fidelity UBS UK Select Pn 21.6% Halifax IM UK Growth Pn 21.4% CM UBS UK Opportunities Pension 21.2% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Pension funds Data provided by Sector: Absolute ReturnCommodity & EnergyConvertibleCurrency - EuroCurrency - OtherCurrency - SterlingCurrency - US DollarEquity - Asia Pacific ex JapanEquity - Asia Pacific inc JapanEquity - Asia Pacific Single CountryEquity - AustraliaEquity - CanadaEquity - ChinaEquity - Emerging EuropeEquity - Emerging MarketsEquity - EthicalEquity - Europe ex UKEquity - Europe inc UKEquity - Europe Single CountryEquity - FinancialEquity - Greater ChinaEquity - IndiaEquity - InternationalEquity - JapanEquity - KoreaEquity - Latin AmericaEquity - MENAEquity - North AmericaEquity - OtherEquity - Other SpecialistEquity - Pharma Health & BiotechEquity - Small Cap EuropeEquity - Small Cap JapanEquity - Small Cap USAEquity - South AfricaEquity - Tech Media & TelecomEquity - UKEquity - USAFixed Int - Asia PacificFixed Int - Emerging MarketsFixed Int - EURFixed Int - EUR Corporate BondFixed Int - EUR GovernmentFixed Int - EUR High YieldFixed Int - EUR Index LinkedFixed Int - EUR Investment GradeFixed Int - EUR Long MaturityFixed Int - EUR SecuritisedFixed Int - EUR Short/ Medium MaturityFixed Int - EuropeFixed Int - GBPFixed Int - GBP Corporate BondFixed Int - GBP GovernmentFixed Int - GBP High YieldFixed Int - GBP Index LinkedFixed Int - GBP Investment GradeFixed Int - GBP Long MaturityFixed Int - GBP Short/ Medium MaturityFixed Int - GlobalFixed Int - Global High YieldFixed Int - OtherFixed Int - Other Single CurrencyFixed Int - Other Single GovernmentFixed Int - Other Single High YieldFixed Int - Other Single Inv GradeFixed Int - Other Single Long MaturityFixed Int - Other Single SecuritisedFixed Int - Other Single Short/Med MatFixed Int - USDFixed Int - USD Corporate BondFixed Int - USD GovernmentFixed Int - USD High YieldFixed Int - USD Index LinkedFixed Int - USD Investment GradeFixed Int - USD Long MaturityFixed Int - USD SecuritisedFixed Int - USD Short/ Medium MaturityHedge/Stru Prod - CommodityHedge/Stru Prod - CurrencyHedge/Stru Prod - EquityHedge/Stru Prod - Fixed IntHedge/Stru Prod - MixedMixed Asset - AggressiveMixed Asset - BalancedMixed Asset - CautiousMixed Asset - FlexibleMixed Asset - IntlNot Yet AssignedProperty - AsiaProperty - EuropeProperty - InternationalProperty - North America Fund performance: 1 month1 year3 years5 years Boost FTSE 100 3x LD ETP 22.9% Old Mutual UK SmCos Fcus 19.6% Boost FTSE 100 2x LD ETP 17.9% Majedie UK Equity 13.6% Liontrust GF UK Growth 13.6% SEI UK Equity 12.9% UK Autocall 12.8% ...more funds in this sectorCompare Offshore inv funds Data provided by Research Money Observer Rated Funds Find a Model Portfolio Compare Funds and Investment Trusts Browse Funds by Sector Latest News Gender retirement savings gap widening Here are Neil Woodford's latest trades FCA proposes 'all-in-one' fund charge and plots escape route for direct investors Auto-enrolment major boost for younger employees and low earners Bank of England given new powers to curb buy-to-let lending Subscribe to our newsletter & get a free copy of Money Observer Get the latest analysis, news and investment tips from industry leaders straight to your inbox. More Information About Us Advertise Privacy Statement Sections Home Our Analysis How To Invest Model Portfolios Research News and views Our other sites Interactive Investor Moneywise Share Price Connect Subscribe to magazine Online editions Contact us © Copyright of Moneywise Publishing Limited 2016. All rights reserved.
null
Over 2 Billion Chrome Browsers In Use   Login Register Edit Profile Change Region About Us   Home News Browsers Main Menu Home Book Reviews Book Watch News Projects The Core Babbage's Bag History Swift's Spreadsheets The Stone Tapes Professional Programmer eBooks Programmer Puzzles Bargain Computer Books CodeBin I Programmer Weekly New Articles! Jay Forrester and Whirlwind IBM, Slack, Watson and the Era of Cognitive Computing Just JavaScript - In The Beginning Was The Object Android App Architecture - An Overview Of Async More Monitors! jQuery 3 - Creating & Modifying The DOM JavaScript Data Structures - The Associative Array Peachpie Open Source PHP to .NET Compiler Android Adventures - Events Fundamental C - Program Structure What Makes A Programmer Udemy's Angular 2-The Complete Guide Course Review Java Data Types - Numeric Data jQuery 3 - Modifying DOM Objects Android Adventures - Building The UI 2.2 New Book Reviews! Robot Programming Android Concurrency Social eCommerce Scrum For The Rest Of Us! Seven Concurrency Models in Seven Weeks Developer Testing - Building Quality Into Software Introducing Microsoft SQL Server 2016 Modern Web Development Optimized C++ Learning Perl, 7th Edition Begin to Code with C# Ada's Algorithm Raspberry Pi User Guide (4e) The Java Tutorial 6th Ed ASP.NET 4.6 Web Programming with C# 2015 Popular Articles Arrays in Python Android Adventures - Getting Started With Android Studio 2.2 Can You Do The Regular Expression Crossword? Getting started with Excel VBA Beautiful Architecture JavaScript Data Structures - Associative Array A Worm's Mind In A Lego Body Using the WPF .NET 4.0 DataGrid Data structures - Trees Sorting algorithms as dances Dumping .NET - Microsoft's Madness Weak typing - the lost art of the keyboard Online regular expression generator A Better Way To Program A Crab-Based Computer The Mod Function Over 2 Billion Chrome Browsers In Use Written by Janet Swift    Monday, 14 November 2016 Google held its annual Chrome Dev Summit last week and revealed that there are now over 2 billion Chrome browsers in active use across desktops, consoles and mobile devices. It also announced there would be no Chrome ad blocker. Actively-used browsers aren't the same as active users, given that many users rely on Chrome on multiple devices, indeed one of the benefits of using Chrome is that it can easily sync between your devices. But however and wherever you look you'll quickly come to the same conclusion - Chrome has become the ubiquitous and dominant browser. On the desktop it has taken share from Microsoft's Internet Explorer and ensured that Edge has a failed to be adopted despite the efforts made in Windows 10. The fact Chrome is pre-installed on every phone running Google's version of Android certainly gives it a head start in the mobile arena and it also has a healthy share of iOS devices. Here's the latest position from StatCounter across PCs, mobile devices and consoles, showing that Chrome has a 51.53% share of the world-wide market   From NetMarketShare, the latest browser stats for smartphones, tablets and consoles are displayed in this pie chart which shows Chrome's share is 54.30%, with Safari having the only other significant slice (25.66%)   Turning attention to the desktop distribution, Chrome has almost the same proportion (54.41%) and it is Internet Explorer, which is the default browser for Windows 7, the dominant desktop OS that is is second place with 25.48%   NetMarketShare's trend chart over the last 12 months shows clearly how Chrome has increased its dominance at the expense of Internet Explorer: We used to comment on how Firebox was doing - but even though it has rallied a little from its low in August it does seem to have become a lost cause. It will be interesting to see if Edge, which is increasing its tiny share ever edges Firefox out of its third rank position. Meanwhile back at the Chrome Dev Summit, Darin Fisher, vice president of Chrome engineering, told delegates that Google will not be building an ad-blocking feature into Chrome, explaining that it's better to change the behavior of adds rather than block them altogether, a viewpoint undoubtedly motivated by the fact that Google makes a lot of revenue from advertising. Fisher said:  "We feel like there are a lot of challenges in advertising. There are a lot of wrong ways. However, if publishers and advertisers do ads the right way, it can be great for the users and for the ecosystem." Admitting that a lot of advertising hurts engagement by actually deterring people from using websites he referred to a recent initiative, the Coalition for Better Ads that Google has helped to found along with publishers like Facebook, News Corp. and The Washington Post, advertisers like Unilever and Proctor & Gamble, and industry groups like the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) and the Association of National Advertisers (ANA). Fisher also outlined Google's plans to to have Chrome support progressive web apps (PWAs) that deliver a mobile app-like experience within browsers:   "It's expensive to get people to install an app ... but progressive web apps arrive fast through the browser to keep visitors happy, then download extra abilities silently in the background. For website developers there's really no fundamental limit to the kinds of experiences you can create." Firefox and Edge also support PWAs but they are not yet supported by Apple either within Safari or for third-party browsers running on iOS. A lot of attention was paid during the summit to the need for websites to be mobile-friendly, particularly in view of the finding by StatCounter Global Stats that  mobile and tablet devices accounted for 51.3% of Internet usage worldwide in October compared to 48.7% by desktop.     Together with the fact that the Google search algorithm now penalizes web pages that are not mobile-friendly, this is a clear signal  to  web developers not to ignore mobile.        More Information StatCounter Global Stats Netmarketshare Coalition for Better Ads Related Articles Is Chrome Most Prevalent Browser? Chrome Makes More Gains Firefox Continues To Decline How Is Edge Doing?   To be informed about new articles on I Programmer, sign up for our weekly newsletter, subscribe to the RSS feed and follow us on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ or Linkedin.   //No Comment - CSS, Social Media & Fourier Transform 25/10/2016 • New course on edX: CSS Introduction • Why We Post: the Anthropology of Social Media • EE261 - The Fourier Transform and its Applications + Full Story HTML 5.1 Is Here 07/11/2016 When you think back to the days when HTML 5 was the exciting new technology that was going to save us all, it is something of a shock to realize that HTML 5.1 slips in almost unnoticed as an official  [ ... ] + Full Story More News //No Comment -TypeScript 2.1 RC, Octave 4.2 & Scala 2.12.0 Gain A Competitive Edge With Uber's Driver API WebAssemby Another Milestone SparklyR - An R Interface For Spark Rovables - Wearables That Crawl All Over You Model Of ENIAC Accumulator Wins Tony Sale Award Disney Establishes Open Source Program Neural Networks Applied To Machine Translation Exploding RoboSimian - What 96 Batteries Can Do Google Adds Smart Scrolling To Mobile Maps Microsoft C++/WinRT PowerApps Launch Microsoft Ditches Fitness Band SDK         Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Last Updated ( Monday, 14 November 2016 )     Follow @Iprogrammerinfo     RSS feed of news items only Copyright © 2016 i-programmer.info. All Rights Reserved. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL License. Powered by Joomla!. ValidXHTML andCSS.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 56 PM IST Suketu Talekar: Master brewer Why the co-founder of the hugely successful Doolally craft beers thinks the Indian craft-beer industry will be twice the size of the wine industry in five years Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Dustin Silgardo Suketu Talekar. Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint When I first met Suketu Talekar in Pune, back in 2009, Brewcrafts Microbrewing Pvt. Ltd, which produces Doolally craft beers, was still making test batches of ales and ciders. As I watched Talekar, then 32, and German head brewer and co-founder Oliver Schauf, whom he met online when he was looking for a partner, haul sacks of malt and hops from the storage room to the brewery, they had to explain to me the basics of how a beer is made. “Beer is, essentially, the shit and piss of yeast,” Talekar, Doolally’s co-founder, had said, guffawing. They had to carefully list the differences between an industrial beer and a craft one, and why the latter was more desirable. As India’s first microbrewery, Doolally’s principal challenge then was simply letting consumers know there was more to beer than Kingfisher and Foster’s. Just seven years later, India has more than 30 microbreweries. If you’re anywhere in Bengaluru, Pune, Gurgaon or Mumbai, you’re not far from a pub that will serve you a craft beer on tap. Even your local wine shop may have bottles of craft beer made by an Indian company. Talekar, who is in charge of Doolally’s marketing and sales—Schauf handles the making of the beer—is neither surprised, nor overly excited, about the rapid growth of a market he helped open up. “If you make a good beer, consumers will love it. That was always a no-brainer for me,” he says. We are sitting at the Doolally Taproom in Bandra, Mumbai, one of three such outlets in the city. The company, which began selling its beers at The Corinthians Resort & Club in Pune in 2009, brought its brews to Mumbai in 2015. The Bandra Taproom, wholly owned and run by Doolally, was their first outlet, and since then, two more have opened, one in Andheri and another at Kemps Corner. These restaurants are perpetually filled with increasingly knowledgeable beer drinkers who don’t even need the menu, let alone an explanation of what craft beer is, to place their order. But the education process has not been completed, says Talekar. “We have moved a long way from walking into a bar and asking just for ‘a beer’. Now, we walk into a bar and ask for a brand and a style—a Gateway Doppelganger or an Independence IPA (India Pale Ale),” he says. “Customers know there are possibilities of beer beyond Kingfisher and Foster’s. But really understanding what those possibilities are, that is an ongoing process.” "Among light, session beers, Talekar’s favourite styles are Gose, a salty, tarty German beer; Saison, which is easy to drink; the English bitter; and the English brown ale, particularly Hobgoblin, made by the Wychwood Brewery Company. Among challenging styles, he loves Indian Pale Ales, Belgian Tripels and Porters."- As that process continues, Talekar expects the industry to grow to a size that will dwarf what is now being heralded as a craft-beer boom. The US has seen the number of microbreweries reach nearly 5,000, even though the first one opened only in the late 1970s, he says. At this early stage in India, he sees other microbreweries more as allies than as competitors. “More players means more perspective on the product. It means more experimentation. It means consumers holding brewers to a higher standard, which means improvement on the product.” And he is impressed with the quality of entrepreneurs entering the craft beer industry, something he thinks will be critical to the pace it grows at. “People are making conservative estimates about the market for craft beer because they are underestimating the quality of the entrepreneurs entering this market. I believe there is a qualitative difference between the early bunch of winemakers and the early bunch of craft-beer makers. I will put my money behind a statement that in five years, craft beer will be 2x or 3x bigger than the wine industry. Which would mean that in 10 years, we would have done what the wine guys haven’t managed to do in 25 years. And that’s because of the quality of the entrepreneurs.” One of the stumbling blocks for the craft-beer industry has been the red tape one has to navigate to begin making craft beer and, then, package it in a way that is profitable. A number of breweries have complained that without being allowed to bottle their beers, they are left with too few revenue streams to break even. Talekar thinks the extent of these problems is overstated. Doolally has joined hands with a few other breweries to form the Maharashtra Craft Brewers Association, and they are seeking, among other things, permission from the excise department to sell beer in growlers (air-tight jugs used to store beer) at brewpubs. “It will be like parcelling beer, like you parcel food at a restaurant,” Talekar explains. Someday, he would also like to see Doolally beers sitting in bottles in stores. But at the moment he is not fixated on finding new ways to package and sell his beer. Rather, his days are spent managing Doolally’s Taprooms and ensuring that he “wins with every consumer who walks in”. Doolally’s Taprooms have become popular in Mumbai as places for relaxed get-togethers. They are brightly lit, unlike other pubs; the music is soft, allowing conversation; and the walls are lined with shelves full of books and board games, suggesting this is a place you will not be hurried in. Talekar understands that the context in which he sells his beer is as important as the product. “We believe that people don’t come here to eat and drink. They come here for something else. They come here to spend time with friends, someone they love or their colleagues. It’s like an extension of their living rooms.” Born in Gujarat’s Bhavnagar and schooled in Nashik, Talekar did a course in production engineering from the Jawaharlal Nehru College in Aurangabad. After a stint with his father’s company, which did sales and after-sales service of diesel engines, Talekar completed his master’s in business administration from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, in 2004. He then worked as an assistant brand manager with Procter & Gamble in Singapore. He had always been a beer drinker, but had never drunk truly good beer until he began frequenting a brewpub named Brewerkz there. He returned to India a year later with the idea of bringing good beer to his home country. His conservative family wasn’t too happy; they didn’t think “decent” people should be dealing in liquor. After a decade-long journey with BrewCrafts Microbrewing/Doolally, Talekar is doing things he had never imagined he would. Such as managing a pub. “We only began running our first 18 months ago, and now we have three, without raising any money. What I’ve learnt in this time is that there is no greater marketing tool than experiential retail. You can actually moderate how a person feels. That’s why every Apple store is worth a hundred million dollars that Microsoft spends on advertising.” Doolally’s beer sales have grown 400% since 2014 and their total revenue has increased by 1,000% in the same period. They’ve also added to their staff, currently at around 180, and have moved from working out of the Taprooms to an office in Santacruz. With this pace of growth, employees come to work every day knowing they are going to have to face new challenges, which is why Talekar sees his role as that of a cheerleader. “I believe in letting people be. I think that if you recruit right, then your job is to create conditions that will let people succeed and give them the leeway to make decisions and mistakes too. It’s natural when you are doing so many new things for morale to dip at times. My job is to get everyone excited about the big picture.” Dustin Silgardo Topics: Suketu TalekarDoolally craft beersMicrobreweriesPuneOliver Schauf More from this Section Amp up your office wear The effect of demonetization The cashless campaigner Lounge review: Asia Kitchen & Bar, Mumbai Lounge loves: A multi-disciplinary ‘Tempest’ from Kerala Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy First Published: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 51 PM IST Latest News Suspect cash: I-T department warns violators will face max seven year jail term Sebi mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs We can work towards ‘Make in India & Make with India’: Israel Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Latest News Suspect cash: I-T department warns violators will face max seven year jail term Sebi mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs We can work towards ‘Make in India & Make with India’: Israel Angela Merkel said to tell her party she’ll run again as Chancellor Govt plans to double the number of airports in 2-3 years: Jayant Sinha Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Experts Gather to Discuss Financial Benefits of Sustainability at New Metrics ‘16 Experts Gather to Discuss Financial Benefits of Sustainability at New Metrics ‘16 Posted on November 14, 2016 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Members of the Sustainable Brands® community gather in Boston, MA to kick off the 5th annual New Metrics conference. Nearly 300 global senior executives across diverse sectors are convening today through Nov 16th to unveil cutting-edge corporate practices that measure and quantify environmental and social impacts and tie them to financial and business value. Conversations are focusing on Corporate Strategy & Operations, Customer Insights and Engagement, Investor Trends & Relations, as well as Supply Chain Impact & Management. New Metrics ’16 hosts more than 100 influential speakers sharing case studies and achievements of organizations succeeding in utilizing novel, diverse performance methodologies and metrics to assess the business risk, benefit and ROI of sustainability. This year, many of the sessions and workshops led by these speakers are eligible for Continuing Professional Education (CPE) credit for licensed CPAs. Through a new partnership with the Rhode Island Society of CPAs (RISCPA), Certified Public Accountants can earn total of 22 CPEs over the 3 day period. Compelling corporate initiatives and leading-edge business performance metrics presented at New Metrics ‘16 include: Adam Elman, Global Head of Delivery – Plan A & Sustainable Business at Marks and Spencer, shares how one of the world’s leading retailers was able to quantify the social and environmental impacts of increasing the sustainability attributes of their products. Jocelyn Cascio, Supply Chain Sustainability Sr. Manager at Intel, reveals how the tech giant improves sustainability in its supply chain and how it assesses the ROI of such efforts. Bob Willard, renowned author of Sustainability Advantage, reveals and explains key insights from his new e-book about evaluating, justifying and building business cases around corporate sustainability initiatives. Rasmus Skov, Head of Sustainability Performance at DONG Energy, discusses what kinds of non-financial data the energy company leveraged to demonstrate to shareholders and other stakeholders the value gained by transitioning from a coal-intensive utility to a market leader in offshore wind energy. Rob Michalak, Global Director of Social Mission at Ben & Jerry’s, and Mark McElroy, co-author of The Multicapital Scorecard™, update the community on lessons learned from a Ben and Jerry’s attempt to test a pilot version of the Scorecard, a reporting mechanism that examines organizational performance in all its dimensions, including social, economic and environmental. Michelle Lapinski, on the Steering Group for the Natural Capital Coalition, introduces the Natural Capital Protocol, a new, comprehensive framework launched in July 2016 to help businesses in any sector better understand and manage natural capital. Martin Rich, Chair & Co-founder of the Future-Fit Foundation, and Michael Jantzi, CEO of Sustainalytics, unveil a new vision for equipping mainstream investors with the tools they need to assess the sustainability of current and prospective investment targets.     “Sustainable Brands recognized and first convened a group of innovative business leaders 5 years ago at our first New Metrics event to spur aggressive action toward translating previously ignored environmental and social impacts into corporate financial performance indicators,” states KoAnn Vikoren Skrzyniarz, Founder and CEO of Sustainable Brands. “We have since opened critical insight into key business metrics that are informing next generation goals and just beginning to tap the business opportunity for sustainability-driven innovation in the 21st century.” Nearly 300 senior sustainability and financial executives from leading companies such as Coca-Cola, Amazon.com, BASF, adidas group, Burt’s Bees, CVS Health, Dell, Etsy, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble, Pepsico, Target and UPS are attending this week at the Royal Sonesta Boston in Cambridge, MA. In addition, senior leaders from the SB Corporate Member Network will hold a separate meeting focused on key insights in New Metrics. Proud supporters of this event include BASF as Platinum sponsor and Apex Clean Energy, EnerNOC and Altenex, an Edison Energy as Silver level sponsors. Bronze sponsors include UL EHS Sustainability, RAPPORT, as well as NatureBank as the Official Carbon Offset Partner, South Pole Group as the Official Renewable Energy Partner. The Rhode Island Society of CPAs is the Continuing Education Partner. Additional partners include Bonneville Environmental Foundation as a Water Restoration Partner, Terracycle as a Waste Partner, and Wharton/IGEL, Blue Practice, Ceres, Savii Group, Hemmings House Pictures and others. Further information can be found at www.NewMetrics16.com, by emailing connect@sustainablebrands.com or by calling 1.415.626.2212.   About Sustainable Brands Sustainable Brands® is the premier global community of brand innovators who are shaping the future of commerce worldwide. Since 2006, our mission has been to inspire, engage and equip today’s business and brand leaders to prosper for the near and long term by leading the way to a better future. Digitally published news articles and issues-focused conversation topics, internationally known conferences and regional events, a robust e-learning library and peer-to-peer membership groups all facilitate community learning and engagement throughout the year. Sustainable Brands is a division of Sustainable Life Media headquartered in San Francisco, CA. Latest News InventHelp Invention Eliminates Blind Spots for Drivers (TOR-9584) InventHelp Inventor Creates An Improved Baiting Device (SUU-339) InventHelp Inventor Creates Improved Smartphone/Tablet Case (SUU-337) InventHelp Inventor Develops Trash-Can Accessory (STU-2119) InventHelp Inventors Develop Accessories for Customizing Musical Instruments (STU-2113) InventHelp Inventor Develops Carpet-Cleaning Tool for Pet Owners and Carpet Cleaning Companies/Manufacturers (STU-2076) Solar Panel Lifter Invented by InventHelp Client (SDB-951) InventHelp Client’s Accessory Prevents Shoulder and Neck Strain While Sitting in Low-Backrest Chairs (SDB-626) InventHelp Inventor Creates Graffiti Prevention Device (SFO-277) InventHelp Inventor Develops Football-Themed Support Pillow (SFO-276) © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Jobs ET Portfolio ET Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH US doesn't have more control than other countries: Internet "Some Indian intellectuals have been making a big fuss about jurisdiction. These...Software services exports from Software Technology Parks units up 9 per cent to Rs 3.2 lakh croreFacebook CEO, Mark Zuckerberg wants APEC countries to join global connectivity revolutionDataWind formally launches Hyderabad manufacturing unit Jobs Opinion NRI Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions Change the Air Join us in the fight against air pollution Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. TomorrowMakers Everything you must know about insurance. For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India Make in India Campaign created major impact through various policies & initiatives. PMI PMI presents CXO Round Table Series on Project Management. ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... Tools Online financial calculators and more. ET NOW You are here: ET Home›Jobs 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,970-161.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments IIM Calcutta has wraps summer placements with top stipend of Rs 4.5 lakh per month By , ET Bureau| Updated: Nov 14, 2016, 05.38 PM IST E-commerce witnessed loss of some recruiters, most of them being start-ups. MUMBAI: The consulting share accounted for the largest chunk of summer internships offers, with nearly 24 per cent of the 460-plus offers. Major recruiters in consulting were McKinsey & Co, Bain & Co, Boston Consulting Group, A.T. Kearney and Accenture Strategy, the latter being the largest recruiter in the consulting domain. Finance continued to be one of the most sought-after domains among students with 23 per cent of the batch securing internships in the BFSI sector. The sector witnessed a surge in the number of banking sector firms and private recruiters participating in the placement process with Goldman Sachs being the top recruiter in the category. FMCG, consumer product and F&B companies including HUL, P&G, ITC, L’Oreal, J&J, PepsiCo., Coca Cola, Mondelez and Nestle hired 19 per cent of the batch in sales & marketing roles 14 per cent of the batch was hired for leadership roles in conglomerates such as Tata Administrative Services, Aditya Birla Group, Mahindra & Mahindra and others. Aditya Birla Group was the biggest recruiter in this domain with the highest number of offers. E-commerce witnessed loss of some recruiters, most of them being start-ups. This loss of roles was mostly made up by the increase in Finance & Leadership roles on the campus. READ MORE :product | Nestle India Limited | Mumbai | Mahindra | IIM Calcutta | Calcutta Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY More From Jobs IIM Calcutta has wraps summer placements with top stipend of Rs 4.5 lakh per month Auto sector can generate 6.5 crore new jobs by 2026: Maruti Suzuki IIT Kharagpur blacklists 8 startups for campus placements SAP India unveils programme to bring women back to workforce 88% employees willing to stay longer if appreciated at work: Survey Take a look at sectors giving highest pay hike in 2017 India's job growth slows in September Govt launches model career centre in Mumbai B2B hiring grows 32%, B2C faces restructuring woes IIM Kozhikode completes summer placements with top stipend of Rs 2.5 lakh 5 ways to manage when facing personal crisis Rise in demand for expat chefs as standalone restaurants look to raise the bar Essar's Aegis to hire 5,000 hands India Five ways to deal with an employee who isn't a team player Ecommerce companies like Flipkart, Snapdeal and others shopping big time for temporary staff Online job market to double by 2020: Survey Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Indian women say it takes two to raise happy, healthy baby Indian women say it takes two to raise happy, healthy baby Source : Last Updated: Mon, Nov 14, 2016 17:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print New Delhi, Nov 14 (IANS) A majority of Indian women strongly believe in the power of two to raise a happy and healthy baby, a new survey has revealed. Conducted by Pampers in association with AC Nielsen, the survey -- which had a sample size of 432 parents (216 mothers) of children up to three years of age in Bengaluru, Mumbai, Delhi and Kolkata -- highlights how the involvement of both the mother and the father is extremely crucial for the cognitive, social as well as the emotional development of the baby. It is conducted in correspondence with Pampers' latest campaign 'It Takes Two' (#ItTakes2) that talks about the importance of both mother and father's involvement in wholesome development of the baby. The results of the survey indicate that 97 per cent of the mothers said it takes two to raise a happy and healthy baby, and 90 per cent of the women surveyed said they want their husbands to be more involved in baby care. As many as 88 per cent of the mothers agreed that their husbands hesitate to change diapers. Among the men, 88 per cent of them said baby chores primarily need only the mother's involvement. Commenting on the survey, a P&G Spokesperson said: "The survey brings forth the fact that a happy, healthy baby needs active participation from both mom and dad, right from Day one. Paediatricians and child psychologists also agree that involvement of the mother as well as the father towards baby care has a direct correlation towards better cognitive and social development of the baby. "The results thus pose a very interesting question to all the young parents out there, If #ItTakes2 to make a baby, shouldn't It Take 2 to raise a baby?" --IANS rb/dg SEARCH About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 20 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi Arabia pays $10.7 billion owed to contractors UAE's ADCorp appoints Chief Executive Officer Contracts worth $4.63 mln to Dubai's SMEs in H1 Dubai Properties launches affordable housing Saudi KAEC showcases beach villa plots at Al-Murooj district Oman developing world-class retail projects Dubai Properties launches affordable housing Saudi Arabia pays $10.7 billion owed to contractors Kuwait to develop islands with foreign investors Gas demand likely to grow next year- Qatari minister Iran to speed up construction of new nuclear power plants Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate - Iran Abu Dhabi hit after bank merger talk quashed; Saudi slips Large Saudi bank cuts money quote Egypt's pound weakens as dollar demand surge UAE's ADCorp appoints Chief Executive Officer Abu Dhabi Islamic Bank denies merger talks Egyptian Life Takaful-GIG launches life savings cover for Suez Cement staff 12 innovation secrets learned from Steve Jobs Humanoid robots on verge of commercial-scale production Facebook's CEO discloses steps to fight fake news Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global At least 90 dead in India train derailment Dozens killed in Aleppo attacks Qatar's exports of transport, tourism services hit $14.8 bln Kuwait to develop islands with foreign investors Qatar's exports of transport, tourism services hit $14.8 bln Thomson Reuters benchmark administrator, calculation agent for Saudi SAIBOR Dozens killed in Aleppo attacks Syria refuses east Aleppo autonomous zone Turkish soldier killed in IS attack in northern Syria Egypt's pound weakens as dollar demand surge UAE's ADFD finances high-speed train in Morocco Egypt jails journalists' union chief for 2 years At least 90 dead in India train derailment As he shapes Cabinet, Trump meets former rival Trump picks conservative loyalists for top security, law enforcement jobs Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Abu Dhabi hit after bank merger talk quashed; Saudi slips Shares in Abu Dhabi banks ADCB and ADIB resume trading Gulf shares diverge in early trade Abu Dhabi hit after bank merger talk quashed; Saudi slips Thomson Reuters benchmark administrator, calculation agent for Saudi SAIBOR Shares in Abu Dhabi banks ADCB and ADIB resume trading Large Saudi bank cuts money quote Egypt's pound weakens as dollar demand surge Dollar charges to 14-year high, bonds in full swing Gas demand likely to grow next year- Qatari minister Iran beats Saudi Arabia as India's top oil supplier Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate - Iran Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law How long will Emirates crash investigation take? Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 Mother in Kuwait loses children’s custody for smoking shisha Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 UAE committed to implementing anti-discrimination law: minister Draghi toughens tone on bank regulation, inflation How long will Emirates crash investigation take? Oman tightens tourist visa rules Hundreds falling prey to cyber extortion, Sharjah police say How long will Emirates crash investigation take? Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 Companies in Lebanon forced to halt unlicensed valet services Big drop in Saudization rate in public sector in 2016 Mother in Kuwait loses children’s custody for smoking shisha Expats banned from airport entry in Kuwait except those travelling Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Financial tips from author of "Rich Dad Poor Dad" McDonald's pushes for antibiotic reduction in meat Monroe's JFK birthday dress goes for $4.8 mln at auction McDonald's pushes for antibiotic reduction in meat Half of govt employees in Makkah smoke WHO declares end of Zika emergency, but still urges action Top ten fragrance trends in the region Bollywood Parks Dubai: The ultimate guide Beirut Cooking Festival showcases Lebanon’s finest Saudi issues 370,000 Umrah visas in 18 days EU plans online screening for visa-free travellers UAE urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawing INR500-1,000 banknotes Monroe's JFK birthday dress goes for $4.8 mln at auction Ricky Martin engaged to Syrian-born artist Leonard Cohen dies in his LA home Tennis-Murray survives epic to set up Djokovic showdown Soccer-England did not do enough to protect Rooney - Mourinho Golf-Noren's money-list charge blunted by late bogeys in Dubai Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article retail SOUQ.com leads the way for online grocery shopping in the Middle East by launching 'SOUQ Superstore' 14 November, 2016 Faster online grocery shopping adoption to accelerate e-commerce growth in MENA region 14th November 2016, Dubai, U.A.E. With grocery shopping making deeper inroads into e-commerce globally, SOUQ.com, the largest retail and online marketplace platform in the region, is pleased to announce the launch of ‘SOUQ Superstore’ on its platform.  SOUQ Superstore, an online hypermarket, is set to make monthly grocery shopping easier by providing  household items at the most competitive pricing - helping consumers save money as well as eliminating the pain point of carrying heavy load of grocery purchases from supermarkets. SOUQ Superstore offers a huge assortment of products within six sub-categories; Food & Grocery, Health & Beauty, Household Needs, Pet care, Nutrition & Supplement and Baby Care & Food. In addition, there will also be curated stores within the ‘SOUQ Superstore’ including an organic food corner, chocolate shop and ‘food of the world’, available for delivery to all customers across the UAE, Egypt and KSA. This exciting new launch compliments SOUQ.com’s recent investment in InstaShop- as part of its drive to provide a world-class online shopping experience to customers. While InstaShop allows users to access their nearby grocery store directly through their mobile app with delivery straight to their door in no time, SOUQ Superstore is well suited for consumers looking to stock-up on  household items ensuring they never run out of essentials. SOUQ Superstore will feature the largest range of products from the popular global FMCG brands such as P&G, Nestle, PepsiCo, Unilever, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser, Mars, L'Oréal, Johnson & Johnson, Nivea and many more. SOUQ.com launches SOUQ Superstore at a time of enormous global growth in online grocery shopping with up to 34% of online shoppers expected to buy groceries online this year versus 21% in 2015, according to recent Morgan Stanley Research. By adding this crucial category to their web-store offering, SOUQ.com has taken a huge step closer towards completing the purchase cart of a consumer on SOUQ.com and becoming a one stop shop for the region’s online shoppers. Ronaldo Mouchawar, CO-Founder & CEO, SOUQ.com, comments: “With SOUQ Superstore offering convenience, greater information, reviews, enhanced customization and unlimited product selection at their fingertips, we are confident of a significant level of consumer adoption here in the Middle East. It’s an exciting time to launch such a category as our digitally savvy consumers in the market are leading the online shopping trend and we are experiencing exponential growth in m-commerce. By leading with innovative solutions we are set to change the way consumers shop and eat today.” Tina Chikhani Nader, Shopper & Customer Marketing Director-Gulf, Unilever explains, “E-commerce for FMCG products is poised for a period of growth.  Our objective is to make sure that Unilever do not miss out on that growth opportunities. We want to be where the consumer is going, and will keep a keen eye on how this area develops in the near future”. Advertisement Omar Farid, President, Middle East and North Africa, at PepsiCo, comments: “PepsiCo is delighted that our consumers will now be able to shop on SOUQ.com and buy products from our broad portfolio which includes Quaker oats, Pepsi-Cola and Lays products. E-commerce is a business megatrend globally and one we recognize as a priority at the regional level in MENA. As the demand from our consumers to shop online continues to rise with the adoption of digital technology, we must adapt to these changing trends. As PepsiCo broadens its portfolio of foods, beverages and nutrition products, having an online retail partner like SOUQ.com helps us to scale the access our consumers have to great-tasting, delightful and nutritious options.”  Michelle Hirst, Strategy and PMO Lead - Gulf at Mars adds, “At Mars we realise that today’s consumers are looking for convenience and special offers.  We are really excited to be partnering with SOUQ.com, bringing our chocolate and pet food products directly to the doors of our consumers in a fast and effective way”. -Ends- About SOUQ.com www.SOUQ.com is the largest online retail and marketplace platform in the Arab world, featuring more than    1.5 million products across 31 categories such as consumer electronics, fashion, health and beauty, household goods, and baby. Today, SOUQ.com attracts over 45 million visits per month, with localized operations in the KSA, UAE and Egypt. www.SOUQ.com offers a convenient and safe online shopping experience with secure online payments, option to pay cash on delivery and free returns. For more information, visit www.SOUQ.com. For press enquiries, please contact: Tanu Chopra Impact Porter Novelli  t.chopra@ipn.ae  Tel: +971 4 330 4030 / +971 5225 40702 © Press Release 2016 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: gcc uae Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's GFH appoints Hammad Younas as head of investment management 17 Nov 2016 Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Click here to join our mailing list Yorkshire North West West Mids East Mids People on the move: LOVE; Horwich Farrelly; Abbey Logistics Group; Dawsonrentals | vans; Rider Levett Bucknall14th November 2016  MANCHESTER-based LOVE is marking its 15th anniversary with a host of new clients, new hires and new office space. Founded in 2001, LOVE is expecting 2016 to be another year of impressive growth revenue up 25 per cent for the second successive year.   Over the last 12 months, the agency has won new business from Häagen-Dazs and Proctor & Gamble. They join an impressive client roster that includes Johnnie Walker, Guinness, Moët & Chandon, Umbro and N Brown’s Simply Be and Jacamo fashion brands.   To continue offering clients the best in both creativity and strategy, LOVE has hired Neil Bennett to the new role of strategy director.   He joins from London’s AnalogFolk where he worked on Pernod Ricards’ Absolut vodka and Malibu rum brands. Previous to that he worked at Mother.  His appointment takes LOVE to 60 staff, doubling the size of the company from where it was three years ago.   Trevor Cairns, LOVE chief executive, said, “Neil is at the sharp end of technology, innovation and culture.  He will provide insights and thought leadership that will guide and inspire our clients. We work with some of the best and most ambitious brands in the world and Neil will be pivotal in developing compelling ideas that redefine those brands and shake-up sectors.”   In order to accommodate the growth, LOVE will be taking a second floor in their building on Dale Street, taking their total space to over 12,000 square feet.  Work is underway on creating the new studio, event and office space and is expected to be completed early 2017. :: MANCHESTER-based industry law firm Horwich Farrelly has appointed Mark Dickson as a new defendant partner. Joining from Keoghs, Dickson brings more than 20 years’ experience in the personal injury claims arena, acting on behalf of a range of insurers, multinational companies and local authorities. As well as specific expertise in the aviation sector, having been retained as the lawyer of choice for the world’s largest ground handling company, Dickson has a strong track record successfully defending claims for manual handling and repetitive strain injuries as well as defending product liability claims for corporate clients and their insurers. He also has extensive experience in defending high value employers’ liability and public liability claims. Past claims successfully defended include PTSD claims brought against large retailers following armed robberies as well as claims arising from head and brain injury, spinal cord damage, amputation, fatal accidents and multiple injuries. “Mark brings considerable proven expertise, complementing the knowledge and expertise already offered to our clients”, explained Rob Barrett, managing partner for Horwich Farrelly. “Bringing the total number of partners at Horwich Farrelly to 35, this latest appointment reflects the growing range and volume of claims we are being asked to defend.” Dickson added: “Horwich Farrelly has deservedly earned a reputation for consistently achieving the right result for its clients with an innovative approach to investigating and defending a diverse range of claims.   “I am looking forward to joining the team and applying my expertise to the challenges facing our clients.” :: ABBEY Logistics Group, one of the UK’s largest bulk liquid and powder logistics providers, has appointed David Thomas as its chief financial officer. Thomas joins Bootle, Merseyside-based Abbey from XPO logistics the global supply chain services company where he was most recently Finance Director of their UK supply chain businesses. A chartered management accountant, Thomas has extensive finance, risk and operations experience within the logistics sector and has held a number of senior roles with national and international logistics companies. Thomas will sit on the Abbey Group Board and will oversee the finance, corporate development, risk and commercial legal functions. He will be tasked with helping Abbey achieve its 2020 vision of becoming the UK’s leading bulk liquid and powder transport company, offering best in class service and excellent value. Specifically, this will include leading a drive towards increased efficiency and further growth in new and existing markets.   Steve Granite, chief executive at Abbey Logistics Group said: "David has impressed the board immensely with his experience and we are confident he is the right person to help us as we embark upon the next phase of the firm's development." Thomas said: “Abbey Logistics is one of the UK’s leading logistics companies. Its success is down to clear values and an unrivalled reputation for taking problems away from customers and a real can-do spirit.” :: WEST Lancshire commercial vehicle provider Dawsonrentals | vans, has strengthened its team with the appointment of Lee Saunders, area sales manager for the Skelmersdale branch. Saunders joins the company with more than 20 years’ experience in commercial vehicle sales, service and rental. During his career, he has worked across the UK, Ireland and North America, meaning he brings a wealth of international knowledge to the role. He is now tasked with expanding Dawsonrentals | vans’ operations in the North West. Managing director Gareth Jones said: “Lee joins the company at an exciting time. The Skelmersdale branch has driven a great level of success across the North West, and is now the second largest branch in the country.” :: PROPERTY and construction consultancy Rider Levett Bucknall has doubled the size of its North West team over the last 18 months. The latest two appointments, Scott Young, senior quantity surveyor, and Thomas Cox. a placement student from the University of Salford, bring the total number of employees in the Manchester office to 50. Russell Bolton, managing partner of RLB Manchester, said: “I am delighted to welcome our latest recruits, Scott and Thomas, to the team. “Last year we set out to grow and develop our team in the North West to ensure we continued to provide the right support for our customers.  We have increased our talent across the board and, with the addition of RLB Schumann in June, have strengthened our services as well.    “We continue to work with local schools, colleges and universities offering work experience and placements. These opportunities are both a stepping stone for young people to experience our industry and help us nurture a talent pipeline for the future.”   >> Next Article << Previous Article Latest News Co-op job cuts, solicitor struck off and personal injury controversy in Bolton The editor's eye on the most popular stories of the week Liverpool firm loses trademark infringement battle Plumbing firm may have to pay damages The 9 types of bosses and how to work with them Which one is your boss most like? Probe into £300K council grant to PI specialist Grant to Asons 'deeply concerning' Casino operator to close Liverpool office Moving back office to Birmingham Engineering firm waiting to feel the benefit of £14m increase in sales Bodycote integrating newly-acquired sites into its business Customers can bite back - Co-op supremo Pennycook says 2013 crisis nearly killed the Co-op Do you need a career change? Three signs you should consider your options Manchester miserable? Its not just down to the weather Carl Williams, managing partner for Grant Thornton in the North West, on Manchesters prosperity divide PI law firm gets £17m helping hand Company on rapid growth path has fee income of £12m Bistrot Pierre opening coming soon French indie eatery launching in Altrincham Museum of Science and Industry gets green light for £6.2m development Special exhibition gallery gets thumbs up 6 ways to get through a Friday Because Friday afternoons are the hardest few hours of the week Developer gets £65m of funding for expansion Fourth regional office on its way Future accountancy stars come of age Glitzy cermonies in two cities hail up-and-coming talent Dylan's iconic images up for grabs Chance to buy limited edition graphics Big events in cities trumpet rising accountancy talent 7 rules to be a better public speaker Mastering the art of public speaking can be a real boost to your confidence - and career NorthEdge hires in top dealmakers Private equity firm boosted by new appointments Wirral pub reopens after major refurb Complete revamp for Harvest Mouse Big PUSH is back on at HOME Work of the most talented artists to be showcased Chance to see complete collection of precious watercolours Paintings collected by industrialist and town benefactor on show How to never offend your colleagues Never upset or annoy a colleague again with these tips Santa's workshop opens for business Elves to help children's festive dreams come true Work of slick city snappers on show Exhibition shows of talent of photographers in commercial district City is star turn as Fantastic Beasts hits cinemas Film is J K Rowling's screenwriting debut Ex-HMRC worker and bouncer sentenced for evading tax Given 14-month jail term suspended for 12 months and ordered to pay £7,651 6 types of people who will never succeed at work Do your colleagues have these character traits...or do you? £60m town centre retail and leisure scheme plan submitted Project is part of £250m regeneration of Rochdale United count cost of failure to qualify for Champions League Profits and revenue tumble at Old Trafford Axe to fall on 200 Co-op Bank jobs Low interest rates taking toll on high street lender Stormy times push Booths into the red Tough year for the upmarket retailer How to appear confident even when youre not Not a confident person? Try doing these at work Director in £7m betting scam banned for 12 years Millions from 'risk free' gambling venture never recovered Profits and revenue flow for bathroom specialist Listed company boosted by significant acquisitions Energy firm's £500K buy-to-give challenge to Big Six Dual aim to give energy to world's remotest regions Heaven knows I'm miserable now - city marred by poor health and unhappiness Greater Manchesters strong economic performance is not yet addressing its social and health problems, says report Boost your career through meditation Feel the benefits of spending just 10 minutes a day to relax and open your mind Pension concerns scupper PE firm's interest in Vita LDC pulls out of talks to buy Oldham-based firm It's all change on Oxford Street New priorities on city centre thoroughfare North West Business Directory Select Sector Accountants Advertising & Marketing Banking & Finance Building & Construction Business Services Education Engineering Estate Agents & Surveyors Healthcare Home Services Insurance Interiors IT & Communications Legal Services Manufacturers Media & Production Motoring Procurement Recruitment Restaurants & Catering Services Travel & Leisure Wealth Management Home | News Archive | Contact Us | Business Directory | 1 View full site
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading FMCGs dominate Singles’ Day and wider online shopping arena  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies FMCGs dominate Singles’ Day and wider online shopping arena Uniqlo, Midea, Honor and furniture maker Linsy among most popular sellers with sales each surpassing 100 million yuan within the first half hour of shopping event PUBLISHED : Sunday, 13 November, 2016, 9:16pm UPDATED : Sunday, 13 November, 2016, 10:16pm Comments:   Celine Ge celine.ge@scmp.com http://twitter.com/CelineJGE Share PrintEmail Fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) were among the most chased-after goods during Alibaba Group’s Singles’ Day online shopping extravaganza over the weekend, which highlights young Chinese consumers’ preference for convenience in buying daily necessities. Cosmetics, books, baby goods, electronics, pharmaceutical products, fresh produce, clothing and mobile phones all recorded huge sales during this year’s event, according to data released by Alibaba, whose main shopping platforms are Taobao Marketplace, TMall, and AliExpress. But in terms of the top individual brands, a broad representation from various categories of retailers stole the show. Japanese clothing brand Uniqlo, home appliance major Midea, mobile handsets brand Honor and Guangdong-based furniture maker Linsy were among the most popular sellers with sales each surpassing 100 million yuan within the first half hour of the shopping event. FMCG spans everything from infant formula to soft drinks and beauty products, and China’s annual online spending volume last year shot up to US$25.3 billion from US$1.4 billion in 2010, according to market researcher Euromonitor International. As Chinese urban dwellers rely more on e-commerce for their daily necessities to save time and money, online sales of packaged foods, alcoholic drinks and personal care products are expected to record exponential growth in the years to come, a recent survey by London-based consultancy OC&C found. The report showed while large grocery sales in China still have lower online penetration than the other categories, as well as tech-savvy millennials, those aged between 30 and 50 said they would be opting to buy daily necessities online in the coming six months. “The growing middle classes want to save money on everyday consumables so they can use these savings towards a better lifestyle including for dining out or buying international fashion brands,” said Jack Chuang, Partner, Greater China, OC&C Strategy Consultant. “As their appetite for premium and healthy products rises, consumers are also seeking to order imported foods and drinks online if they can’t find them in local hypermarkets or corner stores. That has prompted Alibaba to put Borges olive cooking oil from Spain, Ocean Spray raisins from US, and Haribo gummy candy from Germany – essentially the Western snacks barely seen across Chinese urban neighbourhoods – on sale in its online supermarket. “Chinese consumers are eager to try something new, and they always favour brands they consider more reliable,” said Joerg Wolle, CEO of Swiss market expansion giant DKSH Holding which recently purchased a major stake in eSweets, a Shanghai-based distributor of high-end consumer goods such as Lindt chocolate and Illy Coffee. The grocery market space, from soy sauce to shampoo, is becoming an emerging billion dollar battleground for Chinese e-commerce giants Alibaba and its chief rival JD.com as they hunt for new revenue growth in China. The war is likely to be costly and any victory will be hard fought, with rock bottom prices no longer the only key to success in e-commerce. Rather, it will be the quality of goods that entice China’s rising middle classes who are thirsty for Fiji water and hungry for European biscuits. It will also bring about change to the shopping habits of millions of Chinese, most of whom are accustomed to ordering clothes and home electronics online, but would still walk to a convenience store or supermarket for their daily necessities. The war escalated in the three weeks leading up to Alibaba’s November 11 Singles’ Day online shopping extravaganza when Wal-Mart Stores joined with JD.com to set up a Beijing online store to deliver imported goods to Chinese shoppers “within hours”. On the same day in Hong Kong, Alibaba spotlighted its alliance with giant US warehouse retailer Costco Wholesale, and other grocery brands like Procter & Gamble, as part of its Singles’ Day promotions that included coupons, discounts and offering products not yet available in China. The pacts with Western consumer multinationals were part of a multibillion dollar campaign rolled out by Alibaba, owner of the South China Morning Post, as it vowed to outspend its rivals to gain an upper hand in the unfolding grocery war. “While [JD.com] is talking about US$1 billion investments, we are willing to invest multi-times that number because this is a category we think we should be in as it has great potential,” Alibaba’s chief financial officer Maggie Wu said in a call with analysts in August. In the second quarter earnings result, Alibaba singled out its Tmall online supermarket as a business that scored a stellar “triple digit sales volume growth”. JD’s grocery revenue soared 70 per cent over the first quarter of the year, while Alibaba’s online supermarket, currently the largest nationwide, more than tripled its sales for the same period. “Without question, fast-moving consumer goods are where Alibaba and JD.com’s future growth lies, with home appliances and clothing e-commerce in China approaching saturation,”said Hu Chuncai, Shanghai-based general manager with retail management consultancy Shangyi Consulting. A price war between the two titans have also erupted, and intensified. In early September, Alibaba’s Tmall Supermarket spent an estimated 180 million yuan on offering 50 per cent discounts in time sensitive deals in Beijing and Shanghai, firing back at similar sales promotions at the grocery division of JD.com, with the Beijing-based e-commerce firm promising to make its online grocery store “second to none” within three years. “But the chance is slim for JD to live up to that pledge, given that Alibaba has already gained a position of dominance particularly in southwest and northwest China,” said Shangyi Consulting’s Hu. The OC&C survey of 4,600 Chinese urbanites found that Alibaba’s Tmall and sister e-commerce site Taobao achieved the highest brand awareness and shopper penetration across major grocery categories, from infant formula to alcoholics drinks. But China’s online grocery market is also more fragmented, as Alibaba commands a 52 per cent market share versus a 70 per cent it controls of the overall online retail landscape in the country, according to OC&C. Alibaba’s chief executive Zhang Yong noted in a recent interview that winning consumers and success in China’s online grocery market also called for a “full embracing of offline channels”. “A partnership with bricks-and-mortar retailers will allow shoppers to place orders online and collect items in person at a store nearby, which will serve as part of the grocery delivery network,”said Hu, Driving down logistics costs would considerably fatten profit margins of grocery e-commerce, where package shipping can be more “costly” compared with bigger ticket items such as apparel and home appliances. While JD tries to utilise Wal Mart’s extensive distribution channels across cities as it reinforces its cooperation with the US supermarket giant, Alibaba’s logistics affiliate Cainiao managed to reduce shopping time by launching grocery delivery centres across China’s most populous cities. In June, Alibaba invested 5 billion yuan in a partnership with white goods retailer Suning Commerce Group, linking its online shopping platforms to the latter’s over 1,600 outlets 5,500 after-sales service points in China. Although e-commerce powerhouses are now making an all-out effort to make online purchases of toothpastes and potato chips easier than ever, patience is needed for Chinese consumers to really overhaul their grocery shopping patterns, experts reckon. “It will take time, probably a few years,”said OC&C’s Chuang, “and the shift will be on a gradual basis.” Additional reporting by Eric Ng This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: FMCG goods lead shopping surge of Chinese consumers   Most Popular Viewed 1 JPMorgan pays US$264 million fine to settle US probe into nepotism hires 2 Trump means business (in every sense) 3 Fed chief Yellen: Trump’s spending plan to stoke inflation, jack up US debt 4 Huawei working on smartphone which will ‘smell, taste, hear and see’ as well as humans 5 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen Shared 1 JPMorgan pays US$264 million fine to settle US probe into nepotism hires 2 Trump means business (in every sense) 3 Fleet of driverless Baidu cars takes to the road in Wuzhen 4 Fed chief Yellen: Trump’s spending plan to stoke inflation, jack up US debt 5 Huawei working on smartphone which will ‘smell, taste, hear and see’ as well as humans Commented 1 Chinese government rebukes US over comments on Hong Kong removal of legislators-elect 2 Lawyer who helped draft Basic Law says Beijing interpretation has destroyed ‘one country, two systems’ 3 Chinese University chief condemns student graduation protest at Beijing’s Basic Law ruling 4 Hong Kong localist radicals played into Beijing’s hands, democracy leader Martin Lee says 5 Hong Kong in the grip of a power struggle over oath-taking saga Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China Trump expected to welcome Chinese investment in US, despite threatening tough tariffs on country’s products 16 Nov 2016 - 8:43am 5 Dazzling festivals throughout December: Macau’s seasonal delights to light up the city In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Game changes in Hong Kong’s Legislative Council after ban of two localist lawmakers 17 Nov 2016 - 11:15am 67 Stars align for economic growth: Vietnam’s success set to continue as key factors fall into place Presented by Go Asia-Vietnam Hong Kong Joseph Lau slams ‘greedy’ ex-girlfriend in video interview, confirms he wrote newspaper statement about breakup 16 Nov 2016 - 9:11pm 12 Hong Kong Dream of owning a home is over for most young Hong Kong people 15 Nov 2016 - 11:29pm 43 Offbeat The ‘mannequin challenge’ is the latest social media craze Nov 17th 2016, 3:37pm China Booming e-businesses amid tight censorship ... can China have it both ways with the internet? 15 Nov 2016 - 11:28pm 6 Hong Kong HK$14m revamp of Hong Kong Star Ferry looks to make waves with sofas, glass roof and diesel-electric generator 15 Nov 2016 - 10:36pm 7 Hong Kong Hong Kong’s foreign domestic helpers to be protected by new rule on window cleaning in early 2017 14 Nov 2016 - 11:50pm 10 China The day Donald Trump took on the Chinese government – and lost 15 Nov 2016 - 12:20am 15 Politics After Trump and Brexit, is Asia next on the anti-establishment hitlist? 14 Nov 2016 - 9:03am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia     Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Femail Fashion Finder Food Femail Boards Beauty Gardening Deals Blogs Baby Blog My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers desperately scramble to rescue babies in incubators What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three paramedic and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air ambulance crash Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but not quite shaking hands - amid frosty Syria dealings FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'He says "look at this" and the gun went off': Woman accidentally shot in the head at North Carolina weapons show by her husband after he bought her a gun to match his own Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it moves further into the Northeast Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after crashing into pier pillar I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' Previous Next Could a 25-year-old teach YOU how to run your life? It’s a fascinating trend: bosses inviting tech-savvy youngsters to be their mentors. So did it work for top advertising executive Kate?  Kate Stanners finds out if a 25-year-old can help run her life She is chairwoman and global chief creative officer of Saatchi & Saatchi The exective is being reverse mentored by Lucy Lyall Grant By Liz Hoggard for the Daily Mail Published: 18:35 EST, 13 November 2016 | Updated: 19:33 EST, 13 November 2016 e-mail 244 shares 307 View comments Kate Stanners is chairwoman and global chief creative officer of Saatchi & Saatchi Kate Stanners oozes confidence and charisma. Dressed in trousers and a jumper by designer Bella Freud, her blonde curls tumbling over her shoulders, the 53-year-old looks like a Hollywood actress (although, as a working mother, she has little time to worry about her appearance). As chairwoman and global chief creative officer of Saatchi & Saatchi, she commands a six-figure salary and is one of the most senior women in British advertising. Her adverts include the Cadbury Flake ‘girl in the bath’ and T-Mobile’s ‘Royal Wedding ad’ — the most viewed of 2011. One minute, she’s briefing an art director on how to improve a campaign, the next juggling school commitments for her 13-year-old son, Otto, and organising her mother’s 80th birthday. It is, she says, important to wrap the presents herself. But, like many older bosses, she has one increasingly conspicuous weakness. She’s hopeless when it comes to tech. ‘I’m of the generation of women where you didn’t learn to type because, if you did, that would mean you were going to be a secretary. It was a rebellion not to,’ she says, then admits: ‘Everyone laughs because I’m absolutely inept technically.’ Partly, it’s impatience. But also, she says, it’s patronising to tell women over 50 to ‘keep up’. ‘Technology is there to make life easier, isn’t it? When it’s making life more complicated, either you’re doing something wrong or the technology isn’t very good — so you don’t need to worry about it.’ RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Marrying my 'crazy' Earl helped me overcome being raped: The... Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers... From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Actress Helen Lederer sheds eight... Woman with alopecia who has been single for FIVE YEARS fears... Share this article Share 244 shares But she also sees the irony of a situation where smart fiftysomething women who run multi-million-pound business empires are stumped when booking a blow-dry by app, or changing their credit card details on taxi app Uber. And she also recognises how getting savvier about tech can free up valuable family time. Which is why today — for one day only — she is handing over the bossing baton to a 25-year-old upstart who knows virtually nothing about advertising. Kate has agreed to try out reverse mentoring, the latest trend to which more and more top bosses are signing up. Many of us have had ‘mentors’ in our lives, of course — but, generally, they’re older than us. ‘Reverse mentoring’ flips this idea on its head: young people, often in their 20s, offer training and advice to older workers. The idea is that those much younger than us can shake up our entrenched views and offer a new approach to problem-solving. And, crucially, reverse mentoring can plug the generational knowledge gap when it comes to technology — as anyone who has begged their teenage kids to help them set up a flat-screen TV knows all too well. Picturred, Saatchi exectuive Kate Stanner and Free Formers Mentor Lucy Lyall Grant Over the past two years or so, companies such as L’Oreal, Starbucks, Deloitte and John Lewis have all started pairing up millennials with workers in their 40s or 50s to give them a fresh way of thinking. In 2013, Barclays, for example, ordered 10,000 iPads for staff, only to find no one knew how to use them. They had to set up teams of younger ‘digital eagles’ to coach the older staff. So successful has reverse mentoring become that a new breed of twentysomething mentors has sprung up, who will come into your office and train you to think digitally. And new research shows women are benefiting most from the formal face-to-face schemes than any other digital training. Kate’s mentored many young women in advertising, but she’s not used to those fresh-faced millennials telling her what to do. It could be an awkward moment when she meets her reverse mentor, 25-year-old Lucy Lyall Grant. But armed with a big smile, Lucy quickly puts Kate at her ease. Dressed in jeans, stripey T-shirt and Nike trainers with a pair of headphones round her neck, Lucy speaks fluent tech (in both French and English). A trainer at a digital training company called Freeformers — which counts bosses at Barclays, Tesco and the BBC as former clients — she is at the beginning of her career. She rents a tiny house with three female friends and is on call 24/7 (social media never sleeps). As her company has no formal offices, she either works remotely from home or in a coffee shop. What’s so great about a reverse mentoring session, she explains, is that ‘I can help older workers with the newest apps and train them to be more “techy”. I help them re-organise their life.’ Gently, Lucy explains why Kate needs to engage more with social media. She finds Twitter a great tool for networking Lucy also shows them how to protect themselves against fraud. ‘They understand the importance of data, so want to know about cyber security and passwords. They want to know how to better use their iPhone and book more things online (food, flights, shopping, banking) to save time.’ Funnily enough, she adds, the CEOs with families want to learn more about tech ‘to wow their kids or, at least, better understand what their kids are doing online’. The first thing Lucy does with Kate is look at her office, full of art books, discarded computer equipment and advertising awards. Kate’s a self-confessed messy thinker. ‘I’ve always excused myself that I haven’t got a very efficient brain.’ Lucy is meeting Kate at a time of peak chaos in her life. She, her husband and her 13-year-old son, Otto, along with their wire fox terrier, Rocky, are living in a temporary house while they wait to move home. Meanwhile, Saatchi’s is moving into new, state-of-the-art offices on the other side of London, so everything is being packed up. Never the most organised person — her mantra is ‘I’m better in the moment than in the preparation’ — Kate knows she relies too much on her son. Even when he was very little, Otto learned to stand at the door and say to her: ‘Phone, Oyster card, keys, credit card’, knowing she’d have forgotten one of them. ‘Poor thing, having to worry about your mother being so disorganised,’ she admits. Otto’s also leagues ahead of his mother when it comes to tech. At Saatchi’s, Kate increasingly has to do interviews via video-calling service Skype and often views the latest adverts on her iPhone, but she still watches in awe as Otto sorts out the ringer on his grandmother’s smartphone. Kate needs her phone to be more of a PA, Lucy observes: ‘There is actually an online PA now called x.ai (https://x.ai/), which our own boss at Freeformers uses. She’s called Amy and she’s good at organising meetings, etc. ‘The best thing I do on my own phone is set automatic reminders for meetings, events, holidays, etc. It sends me reminders ten minutes before any event, so I never forget. WHAT YOU COULD LEARN SAVE MONEY: Cash-strapped millennials make their money work harder. Try the Skyscanner app (free from the Apple App Store) to find the cheapest deal for flights on the day/time you want to travel — it scans every airline option; Airbnb for cheap accommodation in the UK and abroad; Splitwise, which, once a group such as a book club or school PTA is signed up, keeps a tally of any money due or owed.  Individuals can settle bills by PayPal. FIX ANYTHING VIA YOUTUBE: Video-sharing website YouTube is brilliant for practical advice on just about anything.  Just type in ‘How do I fix my dishwasher?’ or ‘How do I change my smoke alarm battery?’ and someone will most likely have filmed and uploaded a step-by-step guide. BECOME MORE ORGANISED: The Trello app (free from the Apple App Store) organises all your projects into ‘boards’ in one place on your phone.  In one glance, Trello shows you what’s being done and who’s doing what and when, helping you juggle work, family and social diaries. SUPERMARKET IN YOUR POCKET: Use your favourite supermarket’s app, rather than its website, to do your weekly shop.  They’re updated more often to make them more userfriendly for customers. It should remember your favourites, so that you don’t have to re-select each time, and will also start to predict your behaviour. It also automatically collects loyalty points, so saves you money in the long run. FIND YOUR PHONE HASSLE-FREE: If you misplace your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch or any Apple computer, the Find My iPhone app will let you use any Apple iOS device to find it.  At the click of the button, the app will make the lost phone play a loud sound for two minutes. You can also remotely lock the device to protect your data. NEVER FORGET A PASSWORD: The website LastPass (lastpass.com) keeps all of your accounts safe and remembers your passwords for you. You just need to remember one secure password to log in to LastPass, ‘I also use Citymapper, which tells you the best bus and rail links to get in major cities. As a trainer, I have meetings every day, so I have to be on the ball with transport.’ I’m impressed by the way Lucy respectfully quizzes Kate about her working day. It turns out that, after rising at 6am, Kate takes calls on her mobile from agency offices around the world, walks the dog, takes her son to school, has a breakfast meeting, then walks to the office. Most days, her schedule is crammed with meetings with major clients (such as Asda, HSBC, Procter & Gamble and Visa) and doing ‘creative reviews’ with colleagues globally. Kate says, these days, her job is more about flying to meet people, rather than sitting in front of a screen, so her phone is her lifeline — but Lucy still thinks she’s not using it to maximum effect. If Kate used apps on her smartphone (which you can download from the Apple App Store), she could do everything from personal banking to booking Otto’s after-school clubs while sitting at the airport. ‘Using apps on the go allows you to be more productive and, better yet, to multi-task!’ explains Lucy. ‘You can balance doing work/life admin from any location, whether at home or during your son’s football match. ‘Becoming digital allows you to work remotely. You can be at home more and plan more around your family’s schedule. It’s all about prioritising and freeing up your time. Tech allows you to spend less time doing admin, and more time doing the things you love through simple, quick transactions.’ The problem, Kate admits, is that tech doesn’t always feel like fun to women of her age. Even social media feels like a chore, especially if you hate posting every detail of your personal life to followers. ‘It feels too much like self-promotion,’ she says. Kate has a minimal Twitter presence, recently had to delete an imposter Instagram account (when someone pretended to be her) and often feels guilty about neglecting Facebook. ‘I’m on the site just to be aware of what my friends are doing and where they are in the world,’ she says. ‘It keeps you connected. But if I became more active, I’ll just let people down by missing something.’ Gently, Lucy explains why Kate needs to engage more with social media. She finds Twitter a great tool for networking. ‘You never know who you’ll be collaborating with in the future.’ While it’s estimated that, by 2020, millennials will represent half the global workforce (so we can’t ignore them!), we also need to value our own skills. Age and experience still count, Kate stresses. If you’re older, you know the shortcuts that can save days of research. She cites a report published by the Future Laboratory in 2014, which found that ‘silver entrepreneurs’ are behind Britain’s self-employment boom — businesses founded by over-50s had a 70 per cent chance of lasting five years, compared with 28 per cent for younger entrepreneurs. Kate’s own mother did a master’s degree at 45 after the kids had grown up, she adds. Session over, Kate is keen to meet Lucy again. Despite a madly busy diary, she can see the value of listening to a new voice: millennials are flexible, open-minded and love feedback. They talk about themselves as ‘a brand’, invent their own job titles and never eat lunch alone (why miss out on a chance for some informal networking?). But twentysomethings so competent can make baby-boomers feel redundant. ‘Sitting with 20-year-olds, I constantly think: “Am I remotely relevant to the conversation I am having with you right now?”,’ admits Kate. ‘You constantly question what value you add. But I’m always of the opinion, just keep being curious. It’s OK to make a total twit of yourself!’ And, as she dashes off to two more meetings, Lucy catches the bus back to her West London houseshare. Share or comment on this article e-mail 244 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan throws herself into her work on set of TV show Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara is revealed 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored 'Birthday behaviour!' Kylie Jenner wows in figure hugging white dress as she treats Tyga to a THIRD party  She treated Tyga to a night out Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs He was 57 when he died Gleb Savchenko falls sick with the flu just a day before competing in Dancing With The Stars finale News was announced on Insatgram Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read 'Either win or that's it': The pushy parents spending £100,000 a YEAR to try and turn boys as young as eight into the next Lewis Hamilton Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly during performances 'Someone returned a Get Well Soon card': Retail workers reveal the saddest reasons customers have asked for refunds Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  It's Christmas! Thousands turn out for the largest gathering of children's characters in the world at Hamleys magical annual Toy Parade (despite the horrid weather) Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE gossip behind M&S's new Christmas food ad (and learn ALL the behind-the-scenes gossip...) 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests MORE HEADLINES 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with incoming First Lady Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30 kilograms and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95 kilos at just 16 years old Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters The rise of 'tweakments': Cosmetic surgeon urges women to get fillers in their 30s so they don't have to get a face lift in their 50s... so can YOU tell the difference? Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test… with surprising results! 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from wedding desserts company after she failed to answer their calls MOST READ IN DETAIL SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 13, 2016 3:15pm   Comments Share: Related BAC Investors Have Cast Their Ballots For Big Bank Stocks Technical Alert: Bank Of America At Eight Year High Tracking John Paulson's Paulson & Company Portfolio - Q3 2016 Update (Seeking Alpha) Related FB RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks FANG Trade And Other Tech Stocks 3 Worries For Facebook: Fake News, Ads And Analytics Black Friday, Apple, Sina, Weibo In Focus For Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) The S&P 500 has been surprisingly stable following the shocking election of Donald Trump on Tuesday. Despite the overall stability, Trump’s election has certainly had an impact on a number of traders. International stocks, hospital stocks, gun stocks and gold stocks have been hammered. Prison stocks, drug stocks and bank stocks have soared. PreMarket Prep hosts Joel Elconin and Dennis Dick discussed the ways the Trump election has impacted traders on Friday morning’s show. Dick started out by talking about the difficulties statistical arbitrage traders have had this week. “If you are doing stat/arb here in the last couple of days, you are getting run over. I have backed off on a lot of different stat/arb strategies because I realize they aren’t working right now in this Trump market,” Dick said. Statistical arbitrage isn't the only popular strategy that is falling flat. “I do a lot of mean reversion as well. That is not working either because these trends are very, very pesky,” Dick added. He noted that his short on Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC), which spiked from $17 to $19 in two sessions this week, isn’t even working. Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (NYSE: RGR) is another mean reversion trade that has killed traders this week. After the stock plummeted 14.4 percent Wednesday, it dropped another 12 percent on Thursday and has barely bounced so far in early Friday trading. Dick mentioned Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE: PG) as two other mean regression trades that haven’t worked in the Trump market. “When it’s straight down on the move like that, it’s tough to make money as a trader,” he concluded. Elconin said that the best thing traders can do when one strategy isn’t working in the market is switch things up. “When something’s not working, try and cut bait,” Elconin advised. “Also try and look at some new strategies… Eventually things are going to calm down.” You can hear the entire discussion starting at 2:13 in the clip below. Listen to PreMarket Prep and chat LIVE with our hosts, guests, and other listeners every weekday morning from 8-9 a.m. ET! Posted-In: Dennis Dick Donald Trump Joel Elconin PreMarket PrepPolitics Opinion Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + FB) Investors Have Cast Their Ballots For Big Bank Stocks RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks FANG Trade And Other Tech Stocks Technical Alert: Bank Of America At Eight Year High 3 Worries For Facebook: Fake News, Ads And Analytics Facebook's $162 Price Target Reaffirmed By Goldman Following Miscalculations What We Know (And Don't Know) About Snap's IPO View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on BAC Trending Recent 1 KTOS, NEWM: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 ANF, CRM: 10 Stocks To Watch For November 18, 2016 3 DRYS: There And Back Again: A DryShips Tale 4 AGN, VRX: Is Allergan Going After Valeant's Eye Surgery... 5 DRYS, TNDM: Tandem Diabetes Care May Be The Next Nov... 6 AMZN, GOOG: RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks... 7 NVDA, MBLY: Mobileye Stock Weakn... 1 PNC, CRM: Salesforce's Q3 Strength Has The Sell-Side Singing Its Praises 2 WMT: Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results 3 NUAN: Deutsche Bank's Likes And Dislikes From Nuance Communication... 4 CRM, PNC: Salesforce Shakes Off Twitter M&A Anxiety With Strong Q3 5 USDA Cattle on Feed Report; Cattle on Feed Down 1 Percent 6 AAPL: Apple's Most Recent Ad Elevates The New MacBook... 7 MSFT, CRM: Salesforce: Don't Call It A Comeback, M... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Marijuana Stocks, New Opportunities Arise With Legalization
Sonntag, 20.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MICROSOFT AKTIE»Flockpit flows Weekend Ed.I: Boeing, McDonalds, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Exxon, Microsoft, GoPro MICROSOFT CORPORATION 57,20  Euro -0,069 -0,12 % WKN: 870747  ISIN: US5949181045 Ticker-Symbol: MSF  Frankfurt | 18.11.16 | 19:00 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheSoftware AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 56,86 57,25 19:01 56,93 57,05 18.11. 13.11.2016 | 07:22 (40 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) boerse-social.com·Mehr Nachrichten von boerse-social.com Flockpit flows Weekend Ed.I: Boeing, McDonalds, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Exxon, Microsoft, GoPro In Kooperation mit flockpit.com , das Unternehmen erforscht seit 2012 den Zusammenhang zwischen sozialen Medien und den Märkten und highlighted Tweets, die nach einem Score-System börsliche Relevanz haben. Social Media Finanzmarktdaten, eher US-lastig, die "Flockpit Flows" täglich auf boerse-social.com . Boeing 0.80% 12.11 22:29 intercooleronli Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 43,953 Shares of Boeing Co. $BA https://t.co/qbazOBoFsz McDonalds -0.11% 12.11 22:28 TickerReport Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $72,295,000 Position in McDonald\u2019s Corp. $MCD https://t.co/3GA5AnDZwz Procter & Gamble 0.05% 12.11 22:27 ZolmaxNews Guggenheim Capital LLC Buys 54,978 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co. $PG https://t.co/aHzcm9v89r Coca-Cola 0.60% 12.11 22:12... Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 boerse-social.com Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Fr Boeing fighter jet sales worth up to $31B advance toward final approval ► Artikel lesen Fr Triumph Group will sell former Boeing plant in Spokane ► Artikel lesen Fr Is Boeing's Cash Flow Growth In Danger? ► Artikel lesen Fr Team der Boeing-Tochter CDG wird mit Brandon Hall Gold Award für Lernen und Entwicklung ausgezeichnet Einnehmende virtuelle Schulung für Flugzeugtechniker durch spielerische Simulationen Long Beach, Kalifornien (ots/PRNewswire) - Continental DataGraphics (CDG), eine Tochtergesellschaft von The Boeing... ► Artikel lesen Do Russian Energia Corporation Preparing Deal With Boeing on Lunar Infrastructure ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu COCA-COLA COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 04:09 Coca-Cola returns to franchise model to focus on core brand strength ► Artikel lesen Fr dpa-AFX Überblick: ANALYSTEN-EINSTUFUNGEN der Woche vom 14. bis 18.11.2016: COCA-COLA, RWE, HANNOVER RUECK, DEUTSCHE WOHNEN, LEG IMMOBILIEN, MUENCHENER RUECK, ALLIANZ, RTL GROUP, BAYER, INNOGY, LUFTHANSA, ... FRANKFURT (dpa-AFX) - Ausgewählte Analysten-Einstufungen im dpa-AFX-Nachrichtendienst der Woche vom 14. bis 18.11.2016 MONTAG Goldman senkt Ziel für Coca-Cola auf 41 US-Dollar - 'Neutral' NEW... ► Artikel lesen Fr Coca-Cola verteilt Selfie-Flaschen: Der Getränkehersteller Coca-Cola hat eine ansteckbare ... ► Artikel lesen Fr Alle Jahre wieder: Coca-Cola verbreitet auch 2016 wieder Weihnachtsfreude im ganzen Land ► Artikel lesen Fr Coca-Cola verkauft Anteile an chinesischen Abfüllern Von Mike Esterl FRANKFURT (Dow Jones)--Der US-Getränkekonzern Coca-Cola verkauft seine Anteile an Abfüllern in China und streicht dafür 1 Milliarde US-Dollar ein. Der Verkauf sei Teil der... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 09:09 Exxon Mobil, BP, RIL likely to skip oilfield auction ► Artikel lesen Sa Nigeria: Exxonmobil Wins CSR Award ► Artikel lesen Sa EXXON SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Exxon Mobil Corporation - XOM NEW ORLEANS, LA--(Marketwired - November 18, 2016) - Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC ("KSF") and KSF partner, the former Attorney General of Louisiana, Charles C. Foti, Jr., remind investors... ► Artikel lesen Sa Texas judge orders Massachusetts AG deposition in Exxon climate lawsuit ► Artikel lesen Fr Exxon set to develop Liza discovery offshore Guyana ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu GOPRO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Sa 5 Terrible Reasons to Buy GoPro Inc. ► Artikel lesen Sa WireCard und Nintendo vs. GoPro und Facebook - kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch Computer, Software & Internet In der Wochensicht ist vorne: WireCard 9,11% vor Nintendo 5,78%, Amazon 2,86%, SAP 2,41%, Microsoft 2,25%, LinkedIn 1,15%, Twitter 0,97%, Alphabet 0,86%, Zalando 0,48%, Alibaba Group Holding 0,43%,... ► Artikel lesen Do GoPro reveals what the GPS in the Hero5 Black camera is for ► Artikel lesen Do GoPro Is Giving Investors A Second Chance ► Artikel lesen Mi Don't Panic, GoPro ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MCDONALDS CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 08:52 Flockpit flows Weekend Ed.I: Tesla, SolarCity, Caterpillar, Procter & Gamble, China Ming Yang, McDonalds, Gazprom In Kooperation mit flockpit.com , das Unternehmen erforscht seit 2012 den Zusammenhang zwischen sozialen Medien und den Märkten und highlighted Tweets, die nach einem Score-System börsliche Relevanz... ► Artikel lesen Sa You deserve a seat today: McDonald's expanding table service ► Artikel lesen Fr McDonald's takes on fast-casual with tech upgrades and table service ► Artikel lesen Fr USA: McDonald's kündigt Mobile Ordering und Table Service an ► Artikel lesen Fr Some McDonald's restaurants are adding table service and self-service ordering kiosks ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MICROSOFT CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 17:54 HP - Ein neues Windows-Phone kommt - Microsoft als Partner mit an Bord [Gerücht] ► Artikel lesen 10:43 Microsoft: Shares Are Soaring, And Not Finished Yet ► Artikel lesen Sa Microsoft ties executive bonuses to diversity: Will it help? ► Artikel lesen Sa Billionaire Donald Sterling Settles Lawsuit With The NBA Over Clippers Sale To Steve Ballmer ► Artikel lesen Sa Chevron und Microsoft vs. Johnson & Johnson und Procter & Gamble - kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch MSCI World Biggest 10 In der Wochensicht ist vorne: Chevron 2,4% vor Microsoft 2,25%, Wells Fargo 2,11%, Apple 1,5%, JP Morgan Chase 1,33%, Nestlé 0,15%, General Electric -0,13%, Exxon -0,46%, Procter & Gamble -1,89% und... ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 08:52 Flockpit flows Weekend Ed.I: Tesla, SolarCity, Caterpillar, Procter & Gamble, China Ming Yang, McDonalds, Gazprom In Kooperation mit flockpit.com , das Unternehmen erforscht seit 2012 den Zusammenhang zwischen sozialen Medien und den Märkten und highlighted Tweets, die nach einem Score-System börsliche Relevanz... ► Artikel lesen Sa Chevron und Microsoft vs. Johnson & Johnson und Procter & Gamble - kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch MSCI World Biggest 10 In der Wochensicht ist vorne: Chevron 2,4% vor Microsoft 2,25%, Wells Fargo 2,11%, Apple 1,5%, JP Morgan Chase 1,33%, Nestlé 0,15%, General Electric -0,13%, Exxon -0,46%, Procter & Gamble -1,89% und... ► Artikel lesen Sa Beiersdorf und Unilever vs. Procter & Gamble und 3M - kommentierter KW 46 Peer Group Watch Konsumgüter In der Wochensicht ist vorne: Beiersdorf 0,34% vor Unilever 0,27%, Henkel -0,73%, 3M -1,21% und Procter & Gamble -1,89%. In der Monatssicht ist vorne: 3M 1,77% vor Beiersdorf -4,55% , Unilever -5,84%... ► Artikel lesen Sa Procter & Gamble's (PG) CEO David Taylor Hosts Analyst Day Meeting 2016 (Transcript) ► Artikel lesen Fr Procter & Gamble Drops to New Lows ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WELLS FARGO & COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 19:04 Feds hit Wells Fargo with tougher restraints ► Artikel lesen 16:07 Wells Fargo: Dead Culture? ► Artikel lesen 00:09 Banking watchdog tightens leash on Wells Fargo: report ► Artikel lesen Sa Wells Fargo hit with new sanctions following fake-accounts scandal ► Artikel lesen Sa Bank regulator imposes tighter restrictions on Wells Fargo ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BOEING COMPANY Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BOEING COMPANY 138,57 +1,62 % COCA-COLA COMPANY 38,678 +0,07 % EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION 80,55 -0,77 % GOPRO INC 9,445 +0,63 % MCDONALDS CORPORATION 112,89 +0,71 % MICROSOFT CORPORATION 57,20 -0,12 % PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY 77,50 -0,85 % WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 49,945 +1,26 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Indore Patna Express derails: Death toll crosses 100; Suresh Prabhu to arrive at accident spot Patna-Indore express derailed: Indian Railways issues helpline numbers Indore Patna Express derails near Kanpur: Top updates so far Indore Patna express derails: President Pranab Mukherjee condoles loss of lives in accident Demonetisation: Queues get shorter, but problems remain Home Education IIM Bangalore: Management consulting, FMCG firms emerge as top recruiters in summer placements IIM Bangalore: Management consulting, FMCG firms emerge as top recruiters in summer placements IIM Bangalore is also simultaneously hosting the summer recruitment process for IIM Vishakhapatnam PGP Class of 2016-18 with 60 per cent of applicants already placed. By: Express Web Desk | Noida | Published:November 12, 2016 11:39 pm IIM Bangalore has been ranked number 1 in the management colleges category This year’s summer placement for the PGP class of 2016-18 of the Indian Institute of Management Bangalore (IIMB) was dominated by management consultancy and FMCG companies. Investment and international banks also took interest. However, there was limited offers the e-commerce websites. The recruitment drive was completed during November 7-10. A total of 402 students participated in the placement while over 150 companies came to hire students for summer stint in multiple roles such as management consulting, investment banking, markets, corporate banking, sales and marketing and so on. Accenture Strategy, among the management consulting space, was the largest recruiter with 20 offers. The Boston Consulting Group with 15 offers, A.T. Kearney with 13 offers, McKinsey & Co. with 10 offers, Bain & Company with 8 offers and Strategy& with 7 offers were the other major recruiters this year. More than 30 per cent of the entire batch received offers in the management consulting sector, which also included reputed names like Deloitte, Roland Berger, Alvarez & Marsal, PWC Diamond Consulting, GEP, Hay Group, Synergy Consulting and Feedback Infra Consulting. Another striking feature of the process was that more than 30 firms visited IIMB for hiring for the first time. Some of these included Arthur D. Little, BayCurrent Consulting, Auctus Advisors, Gates Foundation, United Breweries, Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages, NRI Consulting, Danaher, RPG Group, MasterCard Advisors, Visa, Mytrah Energy, Renew Power, Biocon, Next Education, Medtronics, GroupM, Wadi.com, Treebo Hotels, PharmEasy, CATKing, Rakshak Foundation and Zimmer. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened IIMB played host to most big international banks such as Barclays, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Deutsche Bank, Development Bank of Singapore and Standard Chartered on the first day of the Summers Placements. Private Equity/Venture Capital roles by Blackstone, Temasek Holdings, IDG Ventures and Brand Capital were offered to the students. BNY Mellon and Arpwood Capital were among the first time recruiters in this domain. A host of Indian banks and financial institutions such as Avendus Capital, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and AVIVA also made offers during the Placement process. IIM Bangalore is also simultaneously hosting the summer recruitment process for IIM Vishakhapatnam PGP Class of 2016-18 with 60 per cent of applicants already placed. Many students also chose to go to Sales and Marketing functions, and were extended offers by major consumer goods and services firms. Major recruiters in this category were Procter and Gamble with 11 offers, Hindustan Unilever Limited (7), Johnson & Johnson (7), Mondelez (6), Asian Paints (5). The other recruiters in this space included Phillips, Coca Cola, ITC, Times Group and Wipro Consumer Care. Telecom majors Bharti Airtel made 11 offers and Vodafone made 3 offers. The major retail firm from Middle East – M.H. Alshaya – also recruited this year. READ: Top 25 Management Colleges in India: India Rankings 2016 Prominent recruiters in the technology space was led by Microsoft with 7 offers. The other recruiters included Microland, Sutherland Global, Infoedge, Zynga, Visa, Play Games and Directi. In the IT consulting domain, prominent recruiters like Cognizant Business Consulting, IBM and Capgemini visited the campus. Aditya Birla Group with 9 offers was the highest recruiter in this space. Professor Ganesh Prabhu, Chairperson, Career Development Services, IIM Bangalore said, “The absence of major e-commerce recruiters did not have an impact on the Summer Placement Process due to the renewed interest from FMCG companies.” © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Gujarat: Two dead, three injured after cable bridge collapse in Bharuch Last-minute penalty sinks Roma at Atalanta After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
skip to main content Connecting You to a World of Ideas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Howard Wilkinson: Politics and More Politics Cincinnati City Council Hamilton County Commission Focus on Technology Ohio Statehouse News Bureau StateImpact Education WCPO News Cincinnati Around Cincinnati Cincinnati Edition John Kiesewetter: Media Beat The Blues with Lee Hay Swing with Bill Cartwright Jazz with OT The Book Club @ 91.7 Local Specials Community Calendar About Us Program Schedule Programs A-Z Program Hosts Mission Statement EEO Statement Award Winning Productions FAQ's HD Radio Jobs Support Thank You Gifts Sponsorships Become a Sustaining Member Update Your Information Donate Your Car Volunteer Gifts of Stock Bequests / Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Joseph-Beth Gives Back Program Contests Subscribe to Email Unsubscribe Ways To Connect Listen Live Podcast Central Song-of-the-Day Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Search Menu Home News Howard Wilkinson: Politics and More Politics Cincinnati City Council Hamilton County Commission Focus on Technology Ohio Statehouse News Bureau StateImpact Education WCPO News Cincinnati Around Cincinnati Cincinnati Edition John Kiesewetter: Media Beat The Blues with Lee Hay Swing with Bill Cartwright Jazz with OT The Book Club @ 91.7 Local Specials Community Calendar About Us Program Schedule Programs A-Z Program Hosts Mission Statement EEO Statement Award Winning Productions FAQ's HD Radio Jobs Support Thank You Gifts Sponsorships Become a Sustaining Member Update Your Information Donate Your Car Volunteer Gifts of Stock Bequests / Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Joseph-Beth Gives Back Program Contests Subscribe to Email Unsubscribe Ways To Connect Listen Live Podcast Central Song-of-the-Day Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Search At Least Democrats In Hamilton County Have Something To Be Happy About By Howard Wilkinson • Nov 13, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Naturally, Democrats in Hamilton County were as shocked and disbelieving as Democrats anywhere else Tuesday night when Donald Trump won the White House, even though nearly all the indicators leading up to the election pointed to a Hillary Clinton victory. It will take them some time to get over that; and some considerable time to figure out how they can fight back, as members of a party that doesn’t control either the executive or legislative branches of government – and are looking warily at what might happen to the judicial branch. It's a tough pill to swallow. But, at least in Hamilton County, Democrats have one beacon of light. They now live in a county that is pretty darned blue. Tuesday's election results made it clear. We always scratch our heads when we see writers in national publications or talking heads on the cable news networks talk about Hamilton County being a "Republican stronghold." Are they confusing us with Hamilton County, Tennessee? This county has been changing slowly but steadily from red to purple to blue for the last several decades. The last time a Republican presidential candidate won Hamilton County was in 2004, when President George W. Bush came out on top. Since then, the county has lost about 40,000 people and we're guessing that many of them were urban and suburban Republicans who ended up moving to places like Butler and Warren counties, or Northern Kentucky, or who retired and took up residence in sunny climes such as Florida or Arizona. At any rate, they’re gone. And they took their GOP votes with them. The transformation to a blue county is pretty much complete. Consider: -        While she was losing Ohio as a whole, Clinton won Hamilton County Tuesday night with 52.5 percent of the unofficial vote – marking the third presidential election in a row where the Democratic presidential candidate has won the county. -        Democrat Denise Driehaus' win over Republican incumbent Dennis Deters in a race for Hamilton County commissioner – combined with Democratic incumbent Todd Portune's easy re-election victory Tuesday – gives the Democrats a majority on the three-member county commission for only the second time in over 40 years. -        Counting Driehaus and Portune, Democrats won five of eight contested races for county offices – Aftab Pureval for clerk of courts, Jim Neil re-elected sheriff, and Lakshmi Sammarco re-elected coroner. The only losses among the county offices for the Democrats were county prosecutor, where incumbent Republican Joe Deters was re-elected; county treasurer, where Robert Goering won re-election; and county recorder, where Democratic incumbent Wayne Coates was ousted by former judge Norbet Nadel. And this is probably the most amazing thing of all: On Tuesday night, Hamilton County Democrats beat candidates named Deters and Winkler. Various members of the Winkler family have been winning judicial offices for nearly 50 years. But Tuesday night, a 34-year-old political newcomer named Aftab Pureval came along and knocked off Tracy Winkler, the clerk of courts, whose campaign ran into a buzz saw when City Beat obtained and published e-mails from her chief bailiff pushing employees of the office to get involved in the re-election campaign. Some employees felt threatened by the e-mails. At any rate, it became a great campaign issue for Pureval, a lawyer for Procter & Gamble whose parents are immigrants from India and Tibet. And he struck gold again with campaign TV ads featuring the candidate and a duck puppet that would pop up now and then to squawk "Aftab!" Just like the duck in the Aflac commercials. A great way to sell an unfamiliar name; and it worked. And then there was Driehaus beating Dennis Deters, the youngest brother of the county prosecutor. Deters got into the race rather late; he was appointed in December after incumbent Republican Greg Hartmann suddenly quit the county commission. By that time, Driehaus, a term-limited state representative, already had plenty of money in the bank and she ended up outspending her opponent. We asked Hamilton County Republican Party chairman Alex Triantafilou if Hamilton County was now a blue county. He was very frank in his response. "Yes,'' he said. "When I saw the numbers coming in Tuesday, there was no doubt. I've known it was headed in this direction since I became chairman eight years ago." As far as the presidential campaign is concerned, Triantafilou said the Trump campaign simply didn't have a grassroots ground game in Hamilton County that could match Clinton. That, Triantafilous said, is why four years ago, Mitt Romney – while losing Hamilton County to Barack Obama – had 193,000 votes in Hamilton County compared to about just under 170,000 for Trump on Tuesday. "Joe Deters led the Republican ticket in Hamilton County and he ended up with about 35,000 more votes than Donald Trump did,'' Triantafilou said. Actually, in Tuesday's unofficial results, the difference between Joe Deters and Trump was 36,485. Even Dennis Deters, who lost his race for county commission, had 19,150 more votes than Trump in Hamilton County. "Trump was never going to win this county,'' Triantafilou said. "Hillary had the ground game going. "Our people turned out,'' the county GOP chairman said. "There just wasn't enough of them." It was not, however, a complete disaster, Triantafilou said. Obviously, Trump won Ohio; and U.S. Senator Rob Portman of Terrace Park coasted to re-election. The GOP, he said, will do some soul-searching after this election – not to mention some candidate-searching. There are elections for Cincinnati mayor and Cincinnati council next year, as well as nearly every suburban community in the county. "We're going to evaluate where our votes were and then try to find great candidates to run,'' Triantafilou said. Triantafilou said the Hamilton County Republican Party has plenty of young, up-and-coming potential stars out in the suburban communities, "but they're not getting much attention. The media focuses on Cincinnati races." Hamilton County Democratic Party chairman Tim Burke said it is "obvious the county is getting bluer all the time." "There are some people moving back into the city now who are not necessarily Democrats, but we still dominate the city's politics,'' Burke said. The election of Trump, Burke said, left a lot of Democrats either angry, depressed or both. But, he said, "in Hamilton County, we have a lot to celebrate too."   Tags:  Hamilton County Democratic Party General Election 2016 Hamilton County 2016 presidential election Howard Wilkinson Politics TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2016 WVXU Cincinnati Public Radio Program Schedule Our Community Calendar Contact Us WVXU's Democracy and Me for Educators Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
null
