Top donors to Booker last yr include law firms that rep. pharma (Paul/Weiss; DLA Piper), Merck (based in NJ), Pfize… 
The little known art fact: There were two Mona Lisa's and one calls… 
2017 pivotal 4  cancer  treatment;  Merck CEO: Seeing ‘revolutionary change’ in the cure for cancer  morningsmaria 
Germany's Merck taps  Palantir technologies for  BigData  health initiative  Analytics  HealthTech  healthcare
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership 
Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative via  technology
Merck CEO: Alzheimer's Tsunami Coming |  
 news  Merck taps Palantir for help in speeding up drug discoveries  business  fdlx
Institutional Customer Representative - ICC Sales ... - Merck - Univ Of ...  job  career  jobsearch  jobs  USA
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership  DataAnalytics
Cripes, this reads like the index of the Merck Manual. 
Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative 
BRIEF-Merck Kgaa, Darmstadt, Germany, Palantir launch new healthcare partnership 
[32] With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  realtime… 
Merck KGaA Lays Off Some Employees in Shutdown of Its Massachusetts Accounting Office... 
Merck's Keytruda/chemotherapy combo could edge out the competition to treat advanced lung  cancer.  Merck  FDA… 
G+: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs… 
Merck taps Palantir for help in speeding up drug discoveries 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
 InternetOfThings  tech  iot With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faste… 
"Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via Bfly 
"With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster"  
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and  Palantir partner to discover drugs…  vk
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  startup  Dubai  KSA
 spencerkobren You disregard actual endocrinologists Dr. Michael Irwig, you cite biased flawed clinical trials by Merck.
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  strartup  Dubai  UAE  Inno…
Merck taps Palantir for help in speeding up drug discoveries...  SanJose  news 
. CoryBooker  LaurenLovesWI I'd respect you more if you said "Because Johnson & Johnson and Merck run my state"
 Merck: Bullish analyst action by Guggenheim on Merck & Co: 
Implications for Merck's Gardasil  Merck 
 icansketchu  CplBart  USMerckProducts  BernieSanders  RobertKennedyJr  realDonaldTrump  Merck  DavidMuir  accounta… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster - 
Merck taps Palantir for help in speeding up drug discoveries: German pharmaceutical giant Merck on Thursday said it… 
Palantir's Bet on Big Pharma 
 bigdata Germany's Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative 
FY2021 Earnings Forecast for  Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (). Read more:  Merck
FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By  SunTrustBanks (Merck). Read more:  STI
Merck taps Palantir for help in speeding up drug discoveries  Tech
Merck taps Palantir for help in speeding up drug discoveries  Philly  Tech
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via Bfly 
PRESS RELEASE » Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership 🗣 Opin…
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via Bfly  BSAFunds  MerchantCashA…
A new Phase I clinical trial is scheduled to start this year for advanced, previously treated soft tissue... 
Palantir's got a new Big Pharma customer: Merck 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  RealTechGuru 
business: Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via Bfly 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs…  connectx
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via Bfly  business
 xrim  MONEY business : Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off … 
Donald Trump gave a press conference and Big Pharma companies lost  25 billion in just 20 minutes 
business: Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via Bfly … 
Palantir's Bet on Big Pharma - Fortune 
This validates  IBM  ibm  cognitivecomputing strategy in moving  IBMwatson into verticals

note: Merck KGaA should… 
7+ TOP YouTube  VideoMarketing Stats Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying … 
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via  Bfly 
Life just got a lil easier! Good Enough Mother And Merck: There’s An App For That! - 
 MerckManualHome   Health
updates  Merck price 61.63 to 62.21
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership - Yahoo Finance 
 cancer Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership 
I'm at Merck & Co, Inc in Madison, NJ 
Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership 
 CoryBooker  LaurenLovesWI you sided with Merck & against the people.  Our loved ones suffer, can't afford meds. That's on you.
Palantir’s bet on big pharma 
 analytics  website With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs…  clickcounter
Peter Thiel's big data firm has a big data deal with a big German drug & chemical co. 
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and  Palantir partner to discover…  technology
 ProfYuille  CoryBooker  Merck Campaign contributions by industries over his career as a senator - not very long an… 
Palantir’s bet on big pharma 
— Fortune (FortuneMagazine) January 12, 2017

 BSAFunds  Me…
 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership. Read more:  Merck
Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for  BigData  Health Initiative via  technology  analytics  DataAnalysis
 DrAlanBauman You have a financial interest in Merck Pharmaceuticals.
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and  Palantir partner to discover drugs faster… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster via  techcrunch
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership
 GingerTaylor  lifebiomedguru The CDC, Merck and all their blood-poisoning minions are like vampires who want to avoid the light of the day.
Obstructive Sleep Apnea - Pulmonary Disorders - Merck Manuals Professional Edition 
FortuneMagazine: Palantir’s bet on big pharma 
FortuneMagazine : Palantir’s bet on big pharma … 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster via  techcrunch
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster… 
Merck and Palantir LaunchHealthcare Acceleration Partnership More German life science news: 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster -  
 Bookselenaxxx what is this dish?  looks good
Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative - Bloomberg 
'With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to d...' via  TechCrunch 
Post Merck internship travels!  tbt  travelthursday  canon  dslr  italy  florence  2016 
JP Morgan 2017: Stealing their thunder? – Merck & Co. does it again - FirstWord Pharma via  fwpharma
JP Morgan 2017: Stealing their thunder? Merck & Co. does it again 
 CoryBooker Don't even think about running for pres in 2020. Merck's gave you thousands and you supported them, not… 
Two  Whistleblowers Accuse Merck of Defrauding the Federal Government and Overstating MMR Vaccine's Effectiveness 
 Lidia629 - If  CoryBooker really has 2020 aspirations, I'd bet buyers gotta go in for more than 55k ( Merck's total contributions).
Then cashed in on millions in Merck stock options! Blood money!  VaccineHolocaust  rfkcommission  VAXXED… 
FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks  Merck 
'With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster': 
2 upgrades in 1 day for Merck -- and 3 things you need to know  business
Business LOTP update: FoxBusiness: 2 upgrades in 1 day for Merck -- and 3 things you need to know  busniess  news
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs…  thexeon
 cancer treatment news:  US_FDA accepts  Merck application for lung cancer combo therapy.

Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
2 upgrades in 1 day for Merck -- and 3 things you need to know 
Merck will use Palantir software to analyze pharmaceutical, life sciences and chemical data … 
TC test With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
 Tech  Nerd  Geek  MotherOfNerds With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drug... 
 XRIM  MONEY : FoxBusiness : 2 upgrades in 1 day for Merck -- and 3 things you need to kno… 
With billions of dollars at stake 
 KTOV   Add Merck. To the list of bo candidates.
technology: Merck will use Palantir software to analyze pharmaceutical, life sciences and chemical data … 
Big data and pharma coming together  digitalhealth  elevarco 
Merck will use Palantir software to analyze pharmaceutical, life sciences and chemical data 
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug,  MorganStanley says. Read more:  MS
. KaleighRogers
So…
Let's say you can buy all the Januvia off Canadian shelves.
What law forces Merck to restock them?
International crisis.
 Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer. Read more:  Merck
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  TC… 
Happening now... With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
 TechFempires - With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
 CoryBooker Has absolutely nothing to do with "safety." Let me pay what a Canadian pays for Merck and Pfizer products  thismyshow
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  technology
 news  business  StartUps  Entrepreneur With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discov... 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster   via  techcrunch
Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health; Palantir grows +50% in '16, to be profitable this year Initiative 
 Merck's Keytruda combo could edge out the competition. Read more:  Merck
Germany's Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative (Bloomberg) 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 


With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  mybizrep  
 TC  Merck With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster… 
Vertex And German Merck Find Their Perfect Fit 
Merck leapfrogs rivals in lung cancer drug combination race         

Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma - 
 Lidia629 Pls pt me to a break down of the big pharma   w/ which  CoryBooker is lining pockets? I see a pittance from  Merck but no others.
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster. Read more:  Merck
Copy and paste from Merck? 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover... by  chrisarsenault via  c0nvey
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster:  Merck, the German… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  technews
 Akansha_Gautam  Indian  India With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner…  SuryaRay  ArunKrGhosh
 Akansha_Gautam  Indian  India With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir…  SuryaRay  Nidhish__Kumar
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster:  Merck,…  bigdatasolution
TechCruch - With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
 datamining With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs…… 
 Merck & Company, Inc. Stake Increased by Guyasuta Investment Advisors Inc. Read more:  Merck
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Tech
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to disc | |  ClarityMoney 
 TC  Merck  Palantir With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster:…… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster:  Merck, the German…… 
 TechCrunch With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster… 
From TechCrunch With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs…  TC  Merck… 
 twitch  twitchtv  twitch  twitchtvWith billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster .
Our CEO Stefan Oschmann met with  PalantirTech CEO Alex Karp today for a partnership between both companies… 
 Twitter  TechCrunch With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover…… 
Thanks again to our excellent  ElectoralCollge and their 50 fraudulent electors for ensuring economic stability. 
"Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma"  pharma  biotech  bigpharma  medtech
5. Booker also gave a speech at an event for pharmaceutical giant Merck & Co
Maybe he thought it was AFL-CIO, right? 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by … 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Pakistan  tech
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster (via  TechCrunch)
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs... by  TechCrunch via  c0nvey
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster | TechCrunch 
16 CDC Director Julie Gerberding, fast tracked Gardasil & oversaw Thimerosal/MMR coverups, then ran Merck's Vaccine Division  RFKjr  Trump
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by…… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  startupfeeds
Germany’s Merck Taps  PalantirTech for Big Data Health Initiative  health  pharma  tech  MedTech  data  
 Google  Merck: Keytruda Chemo Gets Priority Review for Lung Cancer - Zacks 
Palantir’s Bet on Big Pharma  
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and  Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
. Merck +  PalantirTech partner to accelerate drug discovery  digitalhealth  data  
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Mobile  Technology
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster Merck, the German… 
Palantir is entering the pharmaceutical market. Everything is fine. 
 CoryBooker Bet the  300k fron places like Merck helped you make that decision for your constituents.
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  tech … 
TechCrunch: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  tech 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  T… 
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and  Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  tc  alexkarp
 DJIA biggest risers: McDonald's (+1.01%), Merck & Co (+0.94%), Verizon (+0.42%) and UnitedHealth Group (+0.32%)
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  technology  technologynews…
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster... 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Co… 
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and  Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  tc
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Merck, the German multinat… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Merck, the German multinational chemical and pharma…
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  te… 
Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster... More from  TechCrunch at 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  tech
Merck, the German multinational chemical and pharmaceutical company, is teaming up with Silicon Valley’s highest-… 
 TechCrunch With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster -  Merck, the G…
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie
 Tech With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs fast… 
Sharing the latest  Tech  Startups  Gadgets  Funding  News from  TechCrunch 
 TechCrunch With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
Read more at feedestdotin With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
 Vertex hands off  cancer drugs to  Merck  KGaA 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster TechCrunch  tech  technology
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  cr… 
Tech Crunch Update!  Tech  TechCrunch  Update  Technology With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir... 
New post: "With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster" 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  So… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Me… 
Merck’s Vaccine Won’t Be the End of  Ebola | MIT Technology Review 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster Bu…
 tech ⛱  crunch With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie
 With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster
 Technology  Security  News

With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster☄  vrai777 ⛱  v  tech ⛱  cru… 
Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma by  PTSelinaMcKee  pharma  oncology
{Author}: {Blog title}: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  te…
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  ne… 
TechCrunch: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Merck, the German... 
Merck  & Company's underperform rating reiterated at Jefferies Group.  48.00 PT.  Merck  Merck
Incyte's Prospects Get Even Brighter With Merck Announcement |   REONCOLOGY 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  sitesetup  tech  news
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster via TechCrunch
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster via Connie Loizos
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by  cookie 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster --> 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  crossnw
⭐️  Techcrunch • With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster:  Merck,…… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Tech 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster via  Newscloud_io  startups
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs   
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to…  TC  Merck  Palantir  AlexKarp  technology  music
TechCrunch: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster … 
TechCrunch : With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover dru… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  TC 
 World  News  With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie  TechCrunch
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie  in  socialmedia …
.TechCrunch : With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover dr… 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  Merck, the German multinat… 
 tech  news  technlogy With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster predictive analytics
Posted by: TechCrunch  Techcrunch  Tech With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster …
TechCrunch : With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster … 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  fb  in
"With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie"  Geeky0001
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster   tech  technology
Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma 
Merck expands immuno-oncology partnership with Eli Lilly 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  TC  twitter
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  SocialMedia
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie via TechCrunch
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  education
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie  business
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster: 
Posted by :   TechCrunch  Business  Tech  Digital With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster …
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  AiMRT
Today in TechCrunch: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by coo…
TechCrunch: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie , www…
Tech: With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster 
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  TechCrunch
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by cookie  GlobalTechnocrat
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster by  cookie
With billions of dollars at stake, Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster  |  TechCrunch… 
 SenBobCasey  RonWyden A follow up to my tweet below.Funny how you& Cory Booker said the same thing about Bernie's bill.Did Merck help you.
Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative  bigdata 
Palantir’s Bet on Big Pharma 
Merck Manual Consumer App Giving Me Peace of Mind via  DonnaChaffins
Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health

Big data = new source of competitive advantage for firms & nations in 2020s 
Former Merck doctor: Gardasil will be the biggest scandal in medical history - Science & Technology
 RFKcommission 

Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving 
Merck CEO: Alzheimer's Tsunami Coming |  Aluminum adjuvant in Flu shot linked to Alzheimer's & they still promote it.
Gardasil Vaccine Likely To Be Biggest Medical Scandal Of All Time – According To Former Merck Doctor
 RFKcommission 

 Palantir’s Bet on Big Pharma via  josephjett 
Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma  pharma  health
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil To Become The Greatest Medical Scandal Of All Time 
 RFKcommission
 FoxNews

 CoryBooker If you would do something pharmaceutical companies wouldn't like then why is  Merck 1 of your largest contributors?
 mattyglesias Well let's see, in NJ u got Bristol-Myers, JNJ, Merck, Pfizer (all but the HQ), Novo-Nordisk, Sandoz...just for starters
Germany's Merck taps Palantir for Batman health initiative 
Latest news from Pharma Times Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma 
 WeWonFam  7hk5f Starbucks, Coke, Boeing, Microsoft, Merck always come up as Clinton supporters/partners. Hobby Lobby, Chik-fil-A good
 CoryBooker You think  Merck would have still help fund 2020 if you voted in favor of this amendment.
Merck & Company’s (Merck) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co: J P Morgan Chase… 
this is the kind of spirited defense Merck paid  55k for 
Germany's Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative - Bloomberg 
 DougHenwood hmmm...maybe he's confusing Vioxx, Merck, & FDA? Nah, he's just a lying POS.
Vertex Deals Cancer Drugs to Merck for  230M, Staying True to Plan | Xconomy see more 
 technews Germany's Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative – Bloomberg 
Germany’s Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative  MerckKGaA  Easy_Branches 
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference  pharmaceutical 
Germany’s Merck Taps  Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative 
Merck expands oncology portfolio with four Vertex cancer programs  
It's 2017 (the future) and I still have to worry about pooping. Can we do something about that?  pfizer  Roche  Novartis  Merck  Amgen
We kick started the conversation on infertility matters in my County today ahead of Merck more than a Mother -... 
 jodiecongirl Corey Booker did it to keep his job. BMS, NVS, Merck, DSI, Roche, and more all have offices there...
"Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health initiative 
Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of  Merck. Read more:  Merck
 CoryBooker Traitor!! Voting yes on the Wyden Amendment because Merck padded your pocket. Disgusting!!!
 David_J_Pettit  CoryBooker  LaurenLovesWI No, they just don't pay him what Glaxo, Johnson & Johson and Merck do.
Best App for Moms: Merck Manual Consumer App  MerckManualApp on  bloglovin
This is seriously a must have app! Read our post and tell me what you think!  MerckManualHome  ad  MerckManualApp 
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says: Morgan…  vk
 Davincij15 music to Merck & Co's ears
Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health initiative 
Best App for Moms: Merck Manual Consumer App  MerckManualHome  MerckManualApp  ad 
 CoryBooker  LaurenLovesWI Is it Merck or Pfizer that pays a manservant to screw the pants on your crooked ass every morning?
 MerckKGaA Licenses Four  Oncology Research and Development Programs from  Vertex 
 xrim  MONEY business : Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health initiative … 
 Merck & Company, Inc. Shares Sold by Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI. Read more:  Merck
You and Merck?  Is Glaxo joining in? 
Germany's Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative - Bloomberg  BigData
business: Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health initiative 
Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health initiative  BSAFunds  MerchantCashAdvan…
Why 3 Analysts Upgraded Merck Simultaneously 
 CoryBooker No you won't.  Pfizer and Merck won't let you.
This is a non-answer.  It was a reserve fund.  You voted against the possibility of the legislation.  Explain why.… 
Germany's Merck Taps Palantir for Big Data Health Initiative  BigData
Sharing profits looks a lot as a success fee 
business: Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health initiative … 
7+ TOP YouTube  VideoMarketing Stats Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health in… 
Merck Streep as Donald Trump 😆😆😆 
Lilly  LLY and Merck  Merck Expand  ImmunoOncology Collaboration 
Germany's Merck taps Palantir for big data health initiative  business
Analyst Actions: Guggenheim Upgrades Merck & Company to Buy from Neutral with  70 PT
Analyst Actions: Morgan Stanley Upgrades Merck & Company to Overweight from Equal Weight; Lifts PT to  71 from  65
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI 
 CoryBooker  LaurenLovesWI I suppose a  55k donation from Merck was a non-factor?
Merck & Company, Inc. (Merck) Shares Sold by Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI 
 mfdash  IvanRott NJ is big pharma capital of US - Merck, Pfizer, Novartis, J&J, Bayer, GSK, Sanofi + many smaller pharma COs all NJ-based
Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer  pharma
Hmmmm...  55,000 donation from Merck might explain Booker's vote...

Analysts See  Merck Rally Continuing After Lung Cancer Drug News  Merck Also  BMY  AZN  RHHBY 
. CoryBooker Was it T-Bone or Merck that told you vote no to lower prescrptn prices?  FeelTheBern  HealthCareReform  PeopleNotProfits
Exciting news for the  Sarcoma community! 
J&J, BMS, and Merck are large, but only employ 25k employees in NJ, but 7mil in labor force. These 3 companies have outsized influence.
PREPARATE PUERTO RICO: Trump gave a press conference and Big Pharma companies lost  25 billion in just 20 minutes 
Premise: . CoryBooker voted w/Big Pharma because J&J, BMS, & Merck (et al) are his constituency...
Cory Booker is a fraud, though. He's so funded by the pharmaceutical industry, he's about to have Merck tattooed across his forehead.
Since we have never & will never see Bernie's tax returns & related financial documents, we don't know he doesn't h… 
 vaccines r contaminated> OkieHen
  RonPaul4Constit  BeckyJohnson222  KristenJayne1 
 VAXXED: Brandy Vaughan, Ex Merck Rep Warns Parents of  Vaccine Dangers


 CDCtruth  SB277 
Merck & Co. Upgrade by Guggenheim Securities (Ranked 9th) to Buy  Merck  Merck 
Merck & Co. Upgrade by Morgan Stanley (Ranked 36th) to Overweight  Merck  Merck 
Merck & Co. Upgrade by Piper Jaffray (Ranked 60th) to Overweight  Merck  Merck 
New Jersey.. Robert Wood Johnson hospital.. Merck.. they are all in his backyard.. not justifying it but that's whe… 
Health info that's portable, accurate, & free! Get  MerckManualApp  MerckManualHome AD:  via  midlifeblvd
Why Merck Is UP Thursday  Merck
 flippedhatnupe He'a from NJ, the same as Merck, J&J/McNeill, Pfizer, Bayer, Genentech…
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says - 
 dust_pup 
MERCK: sorry we caused 50k deaths from heart attack
ME: i'm a messy bitch. i love naked exploitation, capitalism, and fraud
Why 3 Analysts Upgraded Merck Simultaneously 
Massive Fraud In Merck MMR Vaccine Testing | Philadelphia Legal Examiner  legalexaminer
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off via  bfly
 jeffcomeau83 his card says Ryan Merck
Merck's Lead in Lung Cancer May Be Unbeatable - Bloomberg Gadfly 
Thursday's Upgrades/Downgrades  AKS  Merck  TWTR  X  DIS  XRX  AIV  ATW  ENLK  ETE  ESL  FLR  KALU  MS  NOC  NE  STLD 
 SenBookerOffice  CoryBooker you mean like you voting down lower drug rates? Did Merck give u a bonus? 
Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce Tie-Up for Oncology Programs - Yahoo Finance: Yahoo Finance Merck KGaA,…… 
 Merck KGaA Obtains License for Programs Targeting  DNA Damage and Repair

The latest Endocrine Health & Cancer Care News! Thanks to  britishthyroid  TheAACE  Merck  thyroid  cancer
 wellbeing, health, healthmarket : FDA accepts Merck application for lung  cancer combo therapy

Merck Employees File Whistleblower Mumps Vaccine Lawsuit 
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AK Steel, Merck, Twitter, US Steel, Disney, Xerox and More 
Vertex Deals  Cancer Drugs to Merck for  230M, Staying True to Plan | 
Incidentally, Merck & Co. is far from Cory Booker's only friend in Pharmaland. Most of these don't show up on opens… 
Vertex And German Merck Find Their Perfect Fit  StockMarketInsights
Vertex And German Merck Find Their Perfect Fit  Markets  Finance  TCOT
 spencerkobren You are a front for Merck Pharmaceuticals, driving Propecia sales. Propecia has destroyed my life and I blame you
 VRTX:

Vertex And German Merck Find Their Perfect Fit:


 Merck:

Why 3 Analysts Upgraded Merck Simultaneously:


 GingerTaylor CDC's Gerberding fast tracked dangerous drugs, then went to work for Merck!  rfkcommission cc .… 
 WhySharksMatter LOVELY!!! So the good doc is shilling 4 Trump on the side? Vaccines are sheer filth you Merck shill. MDs get  40 K bonuses
White-hot fancies insider trades chronometer: jpmorgan, merck, american public predicament, peabody laboriousness, american bracke: zRIQf
 kenklippenstein I'm gonna guess the  113,500.00 Merck & Co. paid was relevant.  This too. 
WHY THE ARORA REPORT SHORTED MERCK AHEAD OF TRUMP NEWS  LABD  PFE  JNJ  Merck  BMY  LLY  PJP  IHE  IBB  XHI  BBH  BIS 
Why 3 Analysts Upgraded Merck Simultaneously: 
 JamesNeveau NJ is home to Merck and has significant presence from a bunch of other Pharma companies.  CoryBooker
.  classymommy Answer Medical Questions with the FREE Merck Manual Consumer App  MerckManualApp  MerckManualHome… 
Merck KGaA pays  230M for four Vertex cancer programs 
German  Merck KGaA To Open Biologic CRO/CMO Centers In Shanghai And Boston  . Read more:  Merck
 blastnost  specterm Vaccines are sheer filth, top to bottom. Merck is trembling and rightly so. Shilling for Big pHARMa like you are DONE!
 ptrmsk not surprising since Booker is super chummy with Merck. Pharma industry is huge in NJ which is why Menendez also voted nay.
 ChrisJZullo All caused by vaccines. Fuck Merck, fuck ACA, fuck banksters, fuck Democratic fascism...
 Incyte's Prospects Get Even Brighter With Merck Announcement. Read more:  INCY
 AndrewZarian Merck Lied to the FDA regarding the safety of Propecia.
 Merck's Director of Regulatory Affairs, Darin Oppenheimer will be speaking at  AdvMfgExpo in Anaheim - it's less than 4 weeks away!
Merck: News So Good Three Analysts Had to Upgrade It 
 CervicalHealthMonth is a chance to raise awareness about the connection between  HPV & cervical cancer. Learn more… 
2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck — and 3 Things You Need to Know  Merck 
Speaking of pharma .... Merck: News So Good Three Analysts Had to Upgrade It via  barronsonline
 AndrewZarian Merck killed over 50 000 people with Vioxx, Gardasil vaccine is paralyzing and crippling women, they have a great track record
 LillyPad and  Merck team up in soft tissue  cancer 
Dr.Julie Gerberding stepped down as Dir. of  CDC 2 take a lucrative job   Merck  (maker of  MMR) where she heads their"vaccine safety"dept.
Vertex deals cancer drug programs to Merck KGaA for  230M via  BosBizJournal
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says 
 BristolMyersSquibb Bristol-Myers Threatens Merck's 'Head Start' In Lung Cancer: Analyst. Read more:  BMY
 Merck 2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck -- and 3 Things You Need to Know 
 VRTX sells cancer drugs to German Merck for  230M upfront 
 AstraZeneca Bristol-Myers Threatens Merck's 'Head Start' In Lung Cancer: Analyst. Read more:  AZN
 Merck:

2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck — and 3 Things You Need to Know:


And I a pharmacist. Merck has acknowledged use of fetal tissue but there is no proof that causes harm. 
I guess the NJ Dems like Merck more than they care about their citizens.
 JohnJHarwood more importantly repeal will also save hundreds of thousands of hard working Americans from Obama's Cadillac Tax.
 MaxNisen &  business: Merck's Lead in Lung Cancer May Be Unbeatable  biotech  pharma  healthcare  stockmarket 
Julie Gerberding left CDC and now works for MERCK
 RFKcommission  realDonaldTrump  KellyannePolls  RepTomPrice… 
Merck took 5 cancer drugs off the hands of cystic fibrosis-focused Vertex Pharmaceuticals. 
FDA accepts Merck application for lung cancer combo therapy 
Merck's Lead in Lung Cancer May Be Unbeatable - Bloomberg 
 Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving. Read more:  Merck
Bristol-Myers threatens Merck's "head start" in lung cancer: analyst  BMY  Merck  AZN 
 Job  Stellenangebot - Merck Group: Senior Manager Customs & Excise Duties (m/f) - befristet bis 31.05.2019
JP Morgan –  Vertex and German  Merck find their perfect fit via  JacobPlieth  EPVantage  JPM17  JPMHC35
 Lilly, Merck Expand Tie-Up to Study Lartruvo-Keytruda Combo. Read more:  LLY
Lilly,  Merck Expand Tie-Up to Study Lartruvo-Keytruda Combo. Read more:  Merck
Hey  corybooker &  SenatorMenendez it looks like you're more concerned abt NJ-based  pharma cos. like  Merck than the ppl who vote for you.
Bristol-Myers Threatens Merck's 'Head Start' In Lung Cancer: Analyst  Bristol  UK 
US FDA accepts  Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic nonsquam... Read more:  Merck
CLEARink Displays, Merck KGaA Sign Development Agreement - Ink World 
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says  healthcare
Merck KGaA and CLEARink Displays sign development agreement | Printed Electronics World 
But then again.. Booker = New Jersey = Bayer, Merck, J&J etc. ALL w/his routing number & banking acct.
Trump said; Pharmaceutical industry getting away with murder 👏🏼


The first 2017 issue of  JMedChem has arrived! Cover art submitted by Tong et al.  Merck and  wuxiapp… 
Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' - Investor's Business Daily… 
 SenBookerOffice we see you!  Financed by Merck 
Indictee  SenatorMenendez has Merck & Co. as his 7th biggest donor, with two other healthcare companies making the top ten.
.  VertexPharma sells rights to 4 cancer programs to  merckgroup  pharma
Just posted a photo 
 jeremiahbohr Fair, but I'm not shocked Casey voted No given how many I'm the Philly suburbs works for Merck.
Merck files Keytruda combo for lung cancer - BioPharma Dive via Black Swan Intelligent Insight™
 Merck & Company, Inc. Upgraded to Overweight by Morgan Stanley. Read more:  Merck
 Merck may get the first approval of a chemotherapy and immuno-oncology combination for advanced NSCLC… 
 CoryBooker, in addition to many, many industry donations, took  65,500 from Merck & Co. last cycle.  Another pharmaceutical company.
Pharma companies lost  25 bill in 20 minutes AM I GOING MAD AGREEING WITH TRUMP OVER ROBBING PHARMA COMPANIES
 Merck Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma. Read more:  Merck
Merck's Keytruda/chemotherapy combo could edge out the competition to treat advanced  lungcancer.  Merck  FDA… 
Merck  Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma. Read more:  LLY
 Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma. Read more:  Merck
Merck steals march on rivals in lung cancer drug combo race - euronews via Black Swan Intelligent Insight™
Roy Bayes  Merck Alessandra Cesano  nanostringtech Patrick Hwu,  MDAndersonNews  gulleyj1 address clinical challenges  IO360nyc
10 Jan, Merck & Co announced that the FDA had accepted a sBLA for approval of  Keytruda in combination with Alimta… 
Investors: Covered-Call Reports for BB&T Corporation, Exelixis, Merck & Company Incorporated, Parsley Energy Inc.. 
Hey,  CoryBooker what's up with your Nay vote?  Merck HQed in NJ have anything to do with this? Why would you vote… 
Merck’s vaccine won’t be the end of  ebola 
Merck & Company, Inc. (Merck) Upgraded at  PiperJaffray Companies. Read more:  PJC
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says -   
 Merck looks to strengthen Keytruda’s first-line lead in NSCLC with chemotherapy combination.  Datamonitor_HC 
Benzinga: Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck  Merck
Vertex deals cancer drug programs to Merck KGaA for  230M 
 Merck You have damaged and seriously injured more people with your toxic drugs than any other pharmaceutical company! Merck- Be ill
Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck  Merck
 Merck  sumitjghai they haven't helped me.. I'm still waiting for a reply.
Merck & Co. and Johnson & Johnson - among the biggest pharma companies in the world - are based in NJ. 
 Merck & Company, Inc. Upgraded at Piper Jaffray Companies. Read more:  Merck
Analysts see Merck rally continuing after lung cancer drug news  Merck  BMY  AZN  RHHBY  INCY 
ANTICIPATION is trending. Found correlation with Merck. BUYING 32 shares of Merck at  62.47
Merck's Keytruda combo could edge out the competition 
 NotaBubble  7wtc  yusschr  Merck has jumped competition on promising treatment for Lung cancer  - via  Reuters
 Investing Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says  News 
Parents be sure to get the  MerckManualHome app! It's FREE + No ads! Great resource!  MerckManualApp    ad
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan S...  stocks  wealth  finance 
Less than 24 hours and I already got rejected from Merck! Being an adult is fun :)
Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer 
Merck KGaA Lays Off Some Employees in Shutdown of Its Massachusetts Accounting Office 
Reliable Medical Information at Your Fingertips - Merck Manual Consumer App via  ruralmoms
NJ is in top 5 of pharmaceutical industry hubs, home to Johnson & Johnson, Merck, etc. 
 MerckManualHome My pleasure! Thank YOU for a great resource with the Merck Manual Consumer App!
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference - The Independent 
 AZN  IO  Merck  BMY:

Bristol-Myers Threatens Merck’s ‘Head Start’ In Lung Cancer: Analyst:


Merck boosts Dow, Amazon prime members get a new perk, ADM to buy pet food producer via  YahooFinance
Merck and LillyPad announce collaboration in immuno-oncology   Pharma 
Merck soars on Keytruda combination filing  lungcancer  pharma
Merck's Keytruda combo could edge out the competition - Medical Marketing and Media via  MMMnews
In a tough year for  pharma stocks, GSK, J&J and Merck delivered biggest 2016 gains ... 

 business  busdev
You might not know what to do with all your extra enthusiasm t... More for Aquarius 
So why does Merck & Co benefit today? 
JP Morgan – Vertex and German Merck find their perfect fit  VRTX  MKGAY  JPM17
Merck KGaA expands oncology portfolio, paying  VRTX  230M for 4 cancer drug research programs. 
 PFE Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce Tie-Up for Oncology Programs 
 Merck Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' 
 Merck expands its  Oncology Pipeline beyond Checkpoint Inhibitors by  Labiotech_eu.  pharma  cancer
Incyte and Merck to Advance Clinical Development Program Investigating the Combination of Epacadostat ... 
Merck extends recent run, near top of recent trading range, breakout potential  Merck 
Why Merck Is UP In Premarket Trading Merck  Merck
 catherinemccoin MERCK SADLY DIDN'T DO ENOUGH TESTING ON FIRST VERSION. FED WANTED THEM DO A RUSH OUT!
"The John Hand Buidling" - Merck Photography
_
Location: Birmingham AL
_
Camera: Canon… 
 catherinemccoin SHE WAS GIVEN A FIRST OUT BY INTRAVAIN! LONG PROVEN BoeingD! MERCK DROPPED VERSION AFTERWARD. BUT NO KNOWN CURE! SO SHE SUFFERS
SFTW Trader short-term Recommendation:  Merck Merck & Co. Inc.  stocks 
 catherinemccoin SHE WILL CARRY H1N1 & go through viral systems every few weeks 4 rest of her life! MERCK'S BoeingTCH was later shut down!
JP Morgan – Vertex and German Merck find their perfect fit 
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says  news  CNBC
 CherokeeBaron She should write a thank you note to Merck. Vaccines aren't without side effects. Side effects are better than dying.
leahanne: 10:45 ET Volume Leader  17 - Merck 7,093,852 Merck 
(CNBC)  Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug,  Morgan Stanley says : Morgan Stanley's 2020.. 
Cory Booker:  267k from pharma since 2010, Merck & Co's PACs and lobbyists alone gave him over  55k since 2013.  Booker2020 am I right?
10:45 ET Volume Leader  17 - Merck 7,093,852 Merck & Company  Merck 62.93 +1.30 +2.11% High today of 63.24 day low 
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says  Tips2Trade  T2T 
⭐️  News • Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says: Morgan Stanley's 2020…… 
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says  breakingnews 
Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer - 
I wonder if this has anything to do with the several pharma companies based in NJ: J&J, Merck, BMS... 🤔🤔🤔 
Merck shares get a shot in the arm as cancer drug gets priority review via  FT
Morgan Stanley Upgrades Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck to “Overweight” 
 USATODAY  BernieSanders  CplBart  icansketchu  Merck physically mentally financially bankrupt information hidden… 
.  VertexPharma sells rights to four cancer programs to  merckgroup  pharma
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says  econ  mises  keynes
Surely it has nothing to do with American Cyanamid, Johnson & Johnson, and Merck being based in New Jersey. Surely. 
Surprise Keytruda-chemo FDA filing puts Merck ahead in I-O combo race | FiercePharma 
 catherinemccoin TEAMS OF DR'S & LAB CONFIRMED! VACINE GAVE ANN VIRUS! ALSO MERCK LATER ADMITTED THEY KNEW IT COULD CAUSE VIRUS TRANSFER N2
 catherinemccoin WRONG! TEAMS OF DOCTORS & LAB TESTED & RESEARCHED! ANN CONTRACTED FROM VACINE! MERCK USED LIVE VIRUS IN VACINE WAS PROVEN
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference  DrugHeadsSpinin 
Merck's leg up in the race to develop cancer drugs. 🐎🐎🐎🐎
Merck & Co., Inc. (Merck) stock rose by 2.12%! Currently priced at 62.965.
Merck gets 3 upgrades to buy after Keytruda success 
Merck's  Vaccine Won't Be the End of  Ebola  Military  Health  Doctors  Research
Merck +1.38 total advance today 10:30 ET. Merck & Company  Merck 63.01 Stock hit a High of 63.24 and 62.19 Low wit 
Merck: News So Good Three Analysts Had to Upgrade It -   
Merck CEO: Alzheimer's Tsunami Coming... 
Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says by  firstadopter 
Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving - Benzinga: Benzinga Merck's Leadership…… 
Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce Tie-Up for Oncology Programs - Nasdaq: Nasdaq Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce…… 
Morgan Stanley upgraded Merck  Merck to Overweight.... 8%  Upside 
 USATODAY  USMerckProducts  OnlineLegalNews  BernieSanders  CplBart  icansketchu  Merck Information was HIDDEN! Cri… 
Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' via  josephjett 
 business Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's pre… 
CNBC: Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says 
 CNBC "Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says" 
Merck's Keytruda combo could edge out the competition: 
Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race 
Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck 
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off by  MaxNisen via  bfly
Piper's analyst Richard Purkiss gives Merck  Merck 'overweight' rating and  72 target  i.e. 14% upside.
Boston’s Vertex licenses 4 cancer research programs via  BostonGlobe
 Merck KGaA Lays Off Some Employees in Shutdown of Its Massachusetts Accounting Office  . Read more:  Merck
Merck Lung-Cancer Drug May Get OK For Large Patient Population - Investor's Business Daily via Black Swan Intellig…
IBDinvestors: Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' 
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference  business
 Merck:

Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray’s Upgrade Of Merck:


Merck KGaA Darmstadt Germany Licenses Four Oncology Research and Development Programs from Vertex and Becomes a ... 
Speedy review for Merck’s Keytruda/chemo combo 
Merck KGaA Pays Vertex  230M for Clinical and Preclinical Anticancer Programs 
Merck's Keytruda accepted for FDA review as lung cancer treatment 
Surprise Keytruda-chemo FDA filing puts Merck ahead in I-O combo race 
Vertex Deals Cancer Drugs to Merck for  230M, Staying True to Plan 
Merck KGaA Lays Off Some Employees in Shutdown of Its Massachusetts Accounting Office 
Merck expands oncology portfolio with four Vertex cancer programs 
Merck  & Company upgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies to overweight.  Merck  Merck
Vertex sells rights to four cancer programs to  Merck. Read more:  Merck
Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea'  Stock  Market  Investors 
Morgan Stanley's analyst David Risinger upgraded Merck  Merck to 'overweight', target to  71 from  65, i.e. 13% upside.
Guggenheim's analyst Tony Butler upgraded Merck  Merck to 'buy', and  70 i.e. 11% upside price target.
Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race  investing  news
 Merck. And it was cheap as hell. Like,  3 for the pill. A script strength probiotic, also by Merck, was  4. Obviously they're selling to ..
Merck shares rise more than 2% at  62.94 to lead Dow gainers 
Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma  Pharma
Merck: Guggenheim upgrades  Merck to Buy with  70 price target, makes it new best idea & removes  BMY as best idea

MarketCurrents: Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race  Merck  RHHBY  AZN  BMY
1/2 Merck shows why timing matters with monter winner.  pfscf Management learn from this. 4050 had a timing lead...
Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race  Merck  RHHBY  AZN  BMY  sitifatimah  malaysia  financial…
 Merck's Lead in Lung Cancer May Be Unbeatable.   BMY  biotech
 StocksToWatch  ― Merck: News So Good Three Analysts Had to Upgrade It → via  AlertTrade 
Merck's lead in lung cancer may be unbeatable 
Our  culture is about applied  curiosity. [CLICK] to discover Why Merck? 
 Merck KGaA Obtains License for Programs Targeting DNA Damage and Repair. Read more:  Merck
Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race  Merck  RHHBY  AZN  BMY
Merck Licenses four oncology R&D programs from Vertex 
 ChelseaMOlivera  CoryBooker  lhfang Well NJ is Big Pharma's homeland: JNJ, Merck etc.
Merck shares rise more than 2% at  62.94 to lead Dow gainers  
 Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce Tie-Up for Oncology Programs. Read more:  Merck
 matthewstoller New Jersey's long-term interest is in a healthy Merck, BMS, J & J etc. Also generics. Negatives come with the positives.
We need to find a cure FAST! - Merck CEO: Alzheimer's Tsunami Coming |   GlobalGoldEmi1  emiforlove   alzheimers
Merck application for lung cancer combo therapy accepted by FDA accepts 
*MW Merck shares rise more than 2% at  62.94 to lead Dow gainers
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
Merck CEO: Alzheimer's Tsunami Coming

Who is this Hilary Rodham Trump?

And why are phama companies suddenly being targeted here?


Benzinga: Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving  Merck
 Merck & Co., Inc. Shares Surges 1.41% Thursday's Premarket. Read more:  Merck
Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving  Merck
 sumitjghai Thanks for reaching out!  Please contact the National Service Center at wecare merck.com and they will be able to help.
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off  Merck  BMY  AZN via  bfly
Genentech to study Atezo+PegpH20 in 8 tgts-4 unnamed-1 just was picked by  Merck- NSCLC  HALO
Join us at  innoLAE2017 to hear Dr Pawel Miskiewicz  Merck_Chemicals give a talk on "Performance materials"… 
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off 
Bernie Sanders agrees with Trump. 
MERCK.... Thursday, 24 Jan 2013 | 9:01 AM ET 
Upgrades and downgrades before the market open

Upgrades:

Merck (Merck) upgraded to Buy from Neutral at Guggenheim
… 
 Merck:

Merck’s Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving:


 AKS  STLD:

Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AK Steel, Merck, Twitter …:


INVESTMENT NEWS Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce Tie-Up for Oncology Programs … 
Big Pharma stumping up hard cash for DNA damage repair programs.  Sareumplc  SAR.L  biotech  oncology
Lilly and Merck forge closer ties in immuno-oncology  pharma  Merck  LillyPad
Merck's IO lung cancer lead is looking pretty formidable 
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: AK Steel, Merck, Twitter, US Steel, Disney, Xerox and More: 
 matthewstoller Booker is uniquely unable to fight pharma. Merck + J&J headquarters in NJ. Find a different hero on this.
Trust Merck, Trusted by Professionals Since 1899 and Now You! 
Leading science & tech company  Merck shares their successful relationship w/  RandstadSR_US via  HROToday  Talent
Most Active Volume Stock: Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:Merck) 
There was a time, long ago, before I was in the medical field that any medical talk would leave me flustered and... 
Latest from the blog: Trust Merck, Trusted by Professionals Since 1899 and Now You! - 
Latest Post from the Blog! "Trust Merck, Trusted by Professionals Since 1899 and Now You!"
Thoughts, comments and... 
ICYMI - Merck & Co., Inc. announced a brand new glow stick today!
Merck soars on Keytruda combination filing 
Morgan Stanley Upgrades  Merck & Company, Inc. to "Overweight". Read more:  Merck
Vertex Pharmaceuticals licenses rights for four cancer programs out to Merck Group 
Bristol-Myers and AstraZeneca Take Beatings 
Cory Booker took 55k from Merck Pharmaceuticals in the 2012 campaign cycle.
US FDA accepts Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic nonsquamous NSCLC 
Lilly, Merck Expand Tie 
I was  upgraded to 5%
Merck boosts Dow, Amazon prime members get a new perk, ADM to buy pet food producer via  yahoo
 Merck (+1.5% pre) Merck Receives Upgrades To Top Rating Recommendation From 3 Firms - SI


 JonEHecht reducing Merck and J&J's enormous ( by Fortune 500 standards) profit margins would annoy Booker's donors, not his constituents.
Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce Tie-Up for Oncology Programs - 
Oakbrook Investments LLC Has  26,099,000 Stake in  Merck & Company, Inc. (). Read more:  Merck
 DrAlanBauman You are nothing but a front man for Merck pharmaceuticals. I see right through your bullshit. You are a money hungry vulture.
16 CDC Director Julie Gerberding, fast tracked Gardasil & oversaw Thimerosal/MMR coverups, then ran Merck's Vaccine Division  RFKcommission
'Grind while they sleep'
One of those many nights while planning the Merck sponsored Accra… 
 CoryBooker like you voting no to lower drug costs? Merck & Co must bribe you well. Stick that knife deeper in Bernie at ur rally
 spencerkobren you are nothing but a front man for Merck pharmaceuticals, as well as the IAHRS. You get paid by surgeons to join your club.
 Merck Up 1.28% PPS  62.42 
Merck Price Target Announced at  70.00/Share by Guggenheim
(Dow Jones)
German  Merck to Open Biologic CROCMO Centers in Shanghai and Boston. Read more:  Merck
Biotech Forum Daily Digest: Keytruda Continues To Power Merck; Revisiting Invitae 
Analysts’ Actions — Bank of America, Merck, Morgan Stanley, Valero and More – 
INVESTMENT NEWS Lilly, Merck Expand Tie-Up to Study Lartruvo-Keytruda Combo … 
Merck soars on Keytruda combination filing: 
Supreme Court will not hear patent dispute over Bayer contraceptives 
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, Licenses Four Oncology Research and Development Programs  geotargeting  DWMGsocial 
 Citigroup Merck KGaA (Merck) Given a €116.00 Price Target at  itigroup Inc. Read more:  C
 Merck & Company, Inc. Upgraded to Buy by Guggenheim. Read more:  Merck
 Merck KGaA Given a €116.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc. Read more:  Merck
Speaking today at the  Merck conference in Quebec.  endalz  muchtooyoung 
Merck  & Company upgraded by Morgan Stanley to overweight.  71.00 PT.  Merck  Merck
Donald  Trump gave a press conference and Big Pharma companies lost  25 billion in just 20 minutes  US
 Merck Analysts' Actions -- Bank of America, Merck, Morgan Stanley, Valero and More 
Several pharmaceutical companies (Merck, J&J) have headquarters in NJ. Not surprising that Booker doesn't want to k… 
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference | The Independent 
 Merck:

Merck (Merck) Receives Upgrades To Top Rating Recommendation …:


3 Stocks to Watch on Wednesday:  Merck  UAL and  PE 
merck-soars-on keytruda-combination-filing 
Merck  Merck Receives Upgrades To Top Rating Recommendation From 3 Firms 
Analysts' Actions -- Bank of America, Merck, Morgan Stanley, Valero and More  BoeingC 
Merck KGaA given  €116.00 PT by Citigroup Inc.. buy rating.  Merck  Merck
Merck: One Giant Leap…  tech  stocks  pharma  business  keytruda  oncology  healthcare
Microbiome Research Associate Job - Merck - Cambridge, MA 
Checked in Hospitality Inn for Merck & Martin Dow conference and cycle meeting. 
Benzinga: Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers  AZN  BMY  Merck  RHHBY
 rtyson82  Cato_of_Utica Johnson and Johnson and Merck & Co. headquartered in NJ - both senators from NJ voted no.   != influence they said.
Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers  AZN  BMY  Merck  RHHBY
Keeping medical records organized is easy with the FREE  MerckManualApp  MerckManualHome  ad 
As a mom always on the go, I love that I have the  MerckManualApp at the tip of my fingers!  ad  MerckManualHome
Nigeria’s First Lady, Mrs. Aisha Buhari continues its quest to empower more infertile women; this time in Nigeria:… 
In a stunner, Merck leaps ahead of rivals with combo Keytruda/chemo attack on lung cancer 
Merck  & Company upgraded by Guggenheim to buy.  Merck  Merck
Merck buy 
Analysten Rating: Merck buy 
Incyte's Prospects Get Even Brighter With Merck Announcement:  LLY  Merck  INCY
Donald Trump gave a press conference and Big Pharma companies lost  25 billion in just 20 minutes 


Meyer Handelman Co. Reduces Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
 wensilver  burkett_dennis   Maybe Frazier owed Freeh from the Merck judgement ,Corbett was accepting 2nd mile   while investigating jerry
 OPBMed  IBDPassport  AaronBlockerIBD Rotavirus can be given to babies at ages up to 32 weeks per PI: 
EIN Merck News: Merck expands oncology portfolio with four Vertex cancer programs… 
Lilly and Merck team up in soft tissue cancer


Merck KGaA access to the rights of 4 cancer programs !  VertexPharmaceuticals  VX970  VTX803  VX984  M7824… 
 Independent Trump "making US great again" by knocking  25B off pharma stocks with one remark  thinkbeforeyoutweet 
Had  great knowledge in how to  treathepatisisC   while attending   Merck   forum  Merck  let help our  patiente while using  zepatier   🙏🏻✅
Surprise  Keytruda-chemo FDA filing puts  Merck ahead in I-O combo race 
Merck & Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma 
 Merck All im getting is manufacturing 2015 which expires in March 2017 anywherenew stock available pls advise
 Merck Morgan Stanley upgrades Merck to Overweight, Target  71
 Merck plz help to find the following vaccine in India with manufacturing date for last year. 
Lilly and Merck Sharp and Dohme to expand immuno-oncology alliance 
Merck upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray  Merck  BMY  AZN  RHHBY 
I just want a gold flag gold on my Merck and on my teeth 😛
FDA accepts Merck application for lung cancer combo therapy via the  FoxNews Android app
Ok. Don't ever say I cannot.......
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference. 
 Merck Already three upgrades today (Piper, Guggenheim, Morgan Stanley)   Merck
Donald Trump gave a press conference and Big Pharma companies lost  25 billion in just 20 minutes  TREToday
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference 
Merck and UNESCO encourages young women researchers to pursue their dreams on improving access to healthcare… 
In a tough year for pharma stocks, GSK, J&J and Merck delivered biggest 2016 gains 
 J&J  GSK  Merck  Pharma… 
Can someone please tell me why I woke up at 5:30, went to fix my coffee and MY KEURIG IS BROKEN WHAT THE HELL WHAT HAVE I DONE
Reliable Medical Information at Your Fingertips - Merck Manual Consumer App via ruralmoms
Our PDX consortium with  AstraZeneca  Merck  boehringerus aims to create precompetitive  oncology resource >  JPM17
Merck KGaA pays  230M for four Vertex cancer programs | FierceBiotech 
Merck lifts Dow S&P, as Nasdaq remains flat ahead of Trump speech


Stupid irresponsible statements of an infant? Trump   press conference& Big Pharma companies lost  25 bill in 20 min 
EMD Serono: Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany licenses 4  VertexPharma oncology R&D programs: becomes…… 
PharmaLeaders: Merck expands oncology portfolio with four Vertex cancer programs… 
Morgan Stanley on Merck  Merck: Merck shares offer 2 inexpensive, large call options

Read: 
Morgan Stanley on Merck  Merck: Our longterm estimates are well above consensus (’20e  5.82 is 17% above cons'  4.97)
Morgan Stanley upgrades Merck  Merck to Overweight, Target  71, "Upgrading to OW on taking pole position in 1L lung"
Merck expands oncology portfolio with four Vertex cancer programs - 
Merck boosts Dow, Amazon prime members get a new perk, ADM to buy pet food producer via  yahoo
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference - The Independent… 
Merck lifts Dow; S&P, Nasdaq flat ahead of Trump speech - 
'Major US Pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes' before Trump's speech... and he's not even in power yet...
Infertility is not a stigma: Campaign to empower infertile women launched in Nigeria.  GhBusinessNews Read more:… 
 Merck:

Morgan Stanley Upgrades Merck (Merck) to Overweight:


Merck expands oncology portfolio with four Vertex cancer programs 
"Pharma companies are getting away with murders" - Thundered Trump, Wiping out billions of pharma shares value 😜 
Careless talk costs money  realDonaldTrump Soundbites are cheap just like your brand.  
 LLY,  Merck add new combo alliance;  GILD really does want to focus on M&A; plus Pierre Fabry + Piqur deal   biotech
US FDA accepts  Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic non─squa... Read more:  Merck
What will a Trump presidency mean for  pharmaceuticals? 
⭐️  News • Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference:…… 
Another rhino. Also long extinct. Merck's rhino.  rhinoceros  animal  illustration 
Apply Now: Merck: Assoc. Director - Global Trade Compliance – Export Control, Exports and U.S. Foreign Trade ... 
Merck Muscles Into Bristol's Combo Space 
Independent: Donald Trump gave a press conference and big pharma companies lost  25 billion in just 20 minutes 
Donald Trump gave a press conference and big pharma companies lost  25 billion in just 20 minutes 
^Independent: Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference via independent.…
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference… 
Pharmaceutical companies are "getting away with murder," Mr Trump said 
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press conference  NewslyTweet
Major US pharmaceuticals lose  25bn in just 20 minutes during Donald Trump's press confere… 
Lilly and Merck forge closer ties in immuno-oncology  pharma  LillyPad  Merck
CLEARink Displays, Merck KGaA Sign Development Agreement - Plans to commercialize video capable, color reflecti... 
Merck: Microbiome Research Associate Job 
Merck: Associate Director Safety and Environment - S. San Francisco… 
Merck: I/E Instrument Technician - First Shift Job 
Merck: Manager, University Recruiting - Multiple Locations Job 
Merck: Manager, University Recruiting - Multiple Locations Job  usa  america  hiring  tweetmyjobs  hr  jobopening …
Merck: Assoc. Director - Global Trade Compliance – Export Control, Exports and U.S. Foreign Trade ...  usa  americ…
Merck: I/E Instrument Technician - First Shift Job  usa  america  hiring  tweetmyjobs  hr  jobopening  JobListing …
Merck: Associate Director Safety and Environment - S. San Francisco, CA Job  usa  america  hiring  tweetmyjobs  hr…
Merck: Microbiome Research Associate Job  usa  america  hiring  tweetmyjobs  hr  jobopening  JobListing  jobsearch…
Inspiring ! 
in 20 min. That includes market caps of Johnson & Johnson, Pfizer, Merck, Amgen, AbbVie, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Gilead, Celgene, & Eli Lilly"
CLEARink Displays,  Merck KGaA Sign Development Agreement. Read more:  Merck
Speedy review for Merck’s Keytruda/chemo combo - PharmaTimes 
The latest Zak Acupuncture London Daily! Thanks to  katkarma1  Merck_MCCP  EasyWaytoChange  chinese  infertility
. Merck and  LillyPad announce collaboration in immuno-oncology  Pharma
 Merck KGaA PT Set at €101.00 by Commerzbank AG. Read more:  Merck
Global Checkpoint Inhibitors for Treating Cancer Market 2017 ? Bristol-Myers Squibb(BMS), Merck, Roche 
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:2.85% Weekly:2.49% YTD:4.69% Trend:95 / 100  
More Opportunities on . Medical Sales Representative at Merck Pharmaceutical Company 
US FDA accepts Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic non-squamous NSCLC 
From the bioreactor to final fill, the Mobius® line offers you a complete single-use process at a 2000L scale. 
Aggregates in  mAb therapeutics pose a risk to patients. Hear from our experts on aggregate management strategies. 
Aduro and Merck to Start Clinical Trial Assessing Immunotherapy Combo in Gastric Cancer 
Health Stocks Fall as Trump Slams Industry -- WSJ  
 lhfang Merck and Johnson & Johnson HQ in NJ. Cory Booker must protect his corporate constituents
 KateRhoades  CoryBooker  lhfang One of his biggest donors is Merck & Co.  Pharma owns our government.
 ItsTheBrandi Merck, Celgine, and Johnson and Johnson all have their US hqs in NJ
FDA accepts Merck & Co.'s filing for Keytruda, chemotherapy combination in lung cancer - FirstWord Pharma 
Drug delivery: Brushing off antigenicity |  scoopit 
 computerbux I added Bio: OP&GN  1.28 Tues closed Wed  1.50 up18% PLUS in AH now  1.80 up another 24%!  Merck owns about 37% of OP&GN.  stocks
Merck, United jump; Signet, SuperValu fall 
Incyte and Merck to Advance Clinical Development Program Investigating the Combination of… 
Merck discontinues plans for once-weekly DPP-4 inhibitor drug 
Vertex grants  Merck KGaA rights to cancer programs. Read more:  Merck
US FDA accepts Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic non-squamous NSCLC

Merck: Merck Licenses 4 Oncology R&D Programs from  VertexPharmaand Becomes a Leader in DNA Damage and…… 
Clinical Trials News Incyte and Merck to Advance Clinical Development Program Investigating the Combination of ... 
Need a Lyft coupon code? Here's one for  50 LyftOfferCode OATH >>> Passion for Merck & Co.?
Thanks for Helen's press on Welly Merck Watch 
Learn how Merck solved their HR challenges with a new streamlined approach to global recruiting via  HROToday 
Welly Merck Watch Review 2017 
Merck shares rise after hours on priority review lung cancer drug application - MarketWatch via Black Swan Intelli…
Merck CEO: Alzheimer's Tsunami Coming via  ScottWHam
 BristolMyersSquibb Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers. Read more:  BMY
"When you empower a woman, you have empowered a community." Merck More than a Patient - Benda Kithaka… 
US FDA accepts Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic non─squamous NSCLC 
US FDA accepts Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic non─squamous NSCLC - 
 machineiv  JohnLockesKnife Booker is from New Jersey which is a major pharma state, Merck, BMS, Johnson & Johnson, Bayer all there.
 emvdn Indeed, much Vaccine research is fabricated - including Merck's efficacy claims for the MMR-Vax   giddeygirl
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Position Boosted by Adirondack Trust Co. 
Bristol-Myers Slips After FDA Gives Merck lung Cancer Therapy Priority Review  Merck Also  BMY  AZN  RHHBY 
Merck CEO: Alzheimer's Tsunami Coming | Fox Business 
US yields, dollar fall via  Moneyweb
Global Hemorrhagic Septicemia Vaccines Market 2017 Heska Corporation (US), Merck Animal Health (US), Merial L  pr
Merck Muscles Into Bristol's Combo Space  Bristol  UK 
Vertex grants Merck KGaA rights to cancer programs 
Don't guess or woory about what-if's. Just use the  MerckManualApp for reliable medical advice!  MerckManualHome… 
INFERTILITY: Lamentation of stigmatisation against African women
Read more at: 
 ovarian UPDATE 1Merck steals march on rivals in lung cancer drug combo race: Merck &amp; Co has pulled…  cancer
UPDATE 1Merck steals march on rivals in lung cancer drug combo race 
Bristol Myers Stock Drops Nearly After Merck Announces … : ....
Vertex deals cancer drug programs to Merck KGaA for  230M - Boston Business Journal 
 SpeedTurnCity that's true but if they don't, leave em
UPDATE 1Merck steals march on rivals in lung cancer drug combo race: Merck &amp; Co has pulled ahead of rivals in… 
.  VertexPharma sells clinical and preclinical anti- cancer programs to  merckgroup for  230M: 
 SenSanders One of your best tweets! FORBID REGULATORS POLS AND PHARMA FROM CHANGING PLACES FOR PAYOFF E.G. GERBERDING CDC>MERCK
Speedy review  Merck’s Keytruda/chemo combo 
Realistic Zombie Head Coffee Mugs Are A Real Eye-Opener  NoBrainsForYou💀 
Surprise Keytruda-chemo FDA filing puts Merck ahead in IO combo race - FiercePharma 
 Merck_Cedes You right i feel like if im more mean people will respect me more
Alzheimer’s Tsunami - very scary!

Head of Biology - Exploratory Science Center Job - Merck - Cambridge, MA 
Microbiome Scientist Job - Merck - Cambridge, MA 
Immunology Scientist Job - Merck - Cambridge, MA 
 SpeedTurnCity lmfaooo yes you should Mateo
 StevenOMcCarthy  Charbrevolution PR teams call centres, India 411staff, work for CDC, Pan, Monsanto, Merck et al.  5 a day cheap propaganda
Merck just leapt ahead of its rivals in the lung cancer drug race via  bi_contributors
Our CEO Stefan Oschmann at dinner with  SiliconValley based  startup companies: " Merck has been a startup - back t… 
Trending:  Merck leaps ahead of rivals with combo Keytruda/chemo attack on  lungcancer  biotech by  JohnCendpts
UPDATE 1-Merck steals march on rivals in lung cancer drug combo race 
Answer Medical Questions with the FREE Merck Manual Consumer App  MerckManualApp  MerckManualHome… 
 itsmepanda1  ProParentRights Absolutely, a Texas appeals court  as I remember, plus whistleblowers from Merck and others have come out.
On life though😂😂😩 Niggas be touching the part you not suppose to😒 
 pinksky4U  USMerckProducts  merckgroup  Merck  CplBart  icansketchu  AdamHSchechter  ABC  SenSanders… 
Merck KGaA splurges  230M on its pipeline, paying  VRTX for a slate of early-stage  cancer drugs by  JohnCendpts
 DrSanjayPopat  Actually the Merck application with chemotherapy is for "all comers" regardless of PD-L1 status so complete game changer
Bristol-Myers and AstraZeneca Take Beatings - 
PRESS RELEASE » Global Chiral Separation Column Market 2017 – Daicel Corporation, Agilent Technologies, Merck (Sigma-Aldrich), YMC, Phenome…
 Supervalu Merck and United jump while Signet and SuperValu fall. Read more:  SVU
Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers  Bristol  UK 
 CBSNews lapdog for  CDC  &  Merck promotes  HPV  vaccine for children as young as 9 yrs old

Here's only 1 dead bo… 
Merck: Keytruda+Chemo Gets Priority Review for Lung Cancer -  Health  News  Today 
Merck: Keytruda+Chemo Gets Priority Review for Lung Cancer - 
U.S. stocks are little changed in early trading; Merck jumps 5% 
Merck and United jump while Signet and SuperValu fall 
"Merck: Keytruda+Chemo Gets Priority Review for Lung Cancer -  HealthNews
The other big news today:
In a stunner, Merck leaps ahead of rivals with combo Keytruda/chemo attack on lung cancer

 Merck Executives  spending some hours at  StanfordBiz incl. particle accelerator SLAC and  startup garage fair 
Merck boosts Dow, Amazon prime members get a new perk, ADM to buy pet food producer 
Merck’s Blockbuster Dreams Look More Realistic - WSJ 
 Merck Merck leapfrogs rivals in lung cancer drug combination race via  Reuters
The  US_FDA to review Merck's marketing application for  Keytruda combination for lung cancer  Merck via  SeekingAlpha
 merck_jason the buzfeed dossier is different from the CNN piece. please read Bernstein article. I don't get news from buzzfeed
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts that Gardasil  vaccine will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time  VAXXED  
 andrei_chiffa  vaxchoiceeast  joegooding  maiamajumder Note the downward trend before current vax schedule was even a glint in Merck's eye?
FDA to decide on Merck's Pembro + chemo in 1L NSCLC regardless of PD-L1 expr  JPM17  cancer  pharma
 Shontijohnson1  deray so niether of you seem to be in any hurry to tweet that this was all misinformation.  Expected from  deray.
> NVICLoeDown  kksheld Oh wonderful....after I already got it! But I didn't want Shingles! 
 CNN thanks to  Merck keytruda!
Such an honor meeting Ken Frazier yesterday, the CEO of  Merck. He's been such an inspiration for my dad. Missed yo… 
 andrei_chiffa  vaxchoiceeast  joegooding  maiamajumder It'll be 100% by the time Merck has finished bribing congress.
 Merck Expands End-to-End Biodes Development Centers in North America,  China and  Europe 
 drjameshearn You ain't good enough to be paid shill Jimmy, ye are worse. A Merck wannabe.
 fezziwig2008 Does this help the  HALO case ?  
FDA accepts Merck application for lung cancer combo therapy
Merck just leapt ahead of its rivals in the lung cancer drug race 
 pHarmaNemesis  andrei_chiffa  vaxchoiceeast  maiamajumder << Funded by Merck. 💰💉🙄 
 PoliticsNewz And with good reason. CDC & big pharma not immune to greed 
 Merck topping tail here at resistance. Found it awful hard to find short stuff to feed the bot. Don't know if that m… 
 Merck I really like this stock  DJIA  DIA  SPY  SPX   IWM  QQQ 
Merck's Keytruda/chemotherapy combo could edge out the competition to treat advanced lung  cancer.  Merck  FDA… 
 Merck: Bullish analyst action by Guggenheim on Merck & Co: 
Implications for Merck's Gardasil  Merck 
SAlphaTrending: Climate Change Investing: Up In The Air  ABB  BoeingYRY  BP  DD  E  FLR  GE  GSK  INO  MON  Merck  ORA  …
FY2021 Earnings Forecast for  Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks (). Read more:  Merck
Climate Change Investing: Up In The Air  ABB  BoeingYRY  BP  DD  E  FLR  GE  GSK  INO  MON  Merck  ORA  PFE  SIEGY  SNY
Commented on Will 2017 Be Different For Gilead Sciences  ABBV  IBB  Merck  PFE  SNY  GILD
This validates  IBM  ibm  cognitivecomputing strategy in moving  IBMwatson into verticals

note: Merck KGaA should… 
 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany, and Palantir Launch New Healthcare Acceleration Partnership. Read more:  Merck
 Merck is in Ichimoku Cloud Breakout winning 65.52% in the past. 
Eli Lilly rebounds on chemo-drug patent win vs. generic Teva  LLY  TEVA  BMY  Merck 
FY2021 Earnings Forecast for Merck & Company, Inc. Issued By SunTrust Banks  Merck 
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 308
Nice and might run more 
 CLSN
 GCVRZ
 AMTY
 WRAP
 CASL
 PBIO
 DNR
 HMNY
 RCON
 SYNC
 XLU
 RDS/A
 LOW
 GIS
 NTAP
 Merck
 TECK
 HWAL
 IBN
 DHI
 Merck's Keytruda muscles further ahead of rivals in lung cancer. Read more:  Merck
 Merck's Keytruda combo could edge out the competition. Read more:  Merck
With billions of dollars at stake,  Merck and Palantir partner to discover drugs faster. Read more:  Merck
 Merck & Company, Inc. Stake Increased by Guyasuta Investment Advisors Inc. Read more:  Merck
Decision decisions bad decisions..  SLW  FIT  Merck  P&G 🤷🏻‍♂️
This Dividend Anchor Could Return More Than 23% In 2017  ABBV  DNA  JNJ  Merck  PFE
 Merck Jefferies reiterates Underperform rating,  48 PT 
Merck  & Company's underperform rating reiterated at Jefferies Group.  48.00 PT.  Merck  Merck
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 299
 JPM17 If You Can't Manage Your Own House You Sure Shouldn't Run Your Gob?   VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  AZN  TWTR  Apple… 
Top  moneyflow for  sp500 today
 Merck  LLY  ICE  GS  NVDA  MSFT  JPM  NKE  Boeing  FCX ...

Top  moneyflow for whole  market today
 VNQI  EWH  Merck  LLY  HYG  ICE  NLSN  XLI  GS  MDY ...

 JPM17 Allergan'sTeva Holding is Down Again on Lily Patent Loss  VRX  AGN  KO  PEP  MYL  IEP  HLF  MYL  Merck  JNJ… 
S&P100  Stocks Performance  LLY  AMZN  Merck  T  MDT  MCD  CL  KMI  MA  VZ  UNP  DD  SO  LOW  DUK  UNH  FB  more  
Dow  Stocks Trend  Merck  AXP  GS  Apple  DD  UNH  HD  MCD  NKE  JPM  Intel  VZ  CAT  UTX  Boeing  DIS  IBM  CVX  GE    
members alerted to 10-1800% potential. JOIN TODAY  Merck  WMB  BSX  SYF  GG  FITB  GLW
 Merck Investors in big pharma, biotech look to ride out Trump storm 
Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of  Merck. Read more:  Merck
 JPM17 Only a Purchase of Valeant Shares Treat The FOMO?   VRX  AGN  KO  PEP  MYL  IEP  HLF  MYL  Merck  JNJ  AZN… 
 Merck & Company, Inc. Shares Sold by Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI. Read more:  Merck
Lilly  LLY and Merck  Merck Expand  ImmunoOncology Collaboration 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Fishman Jay A Ltd. MI 
 Merck  PFE:

The Strategy Portfolio Approach To Investing:


 JPM17 Is Botox The Cure For This Guy?  VRX  AGN  KO  PEP  MYL  IEP  HLF  MYL  Merck  JNJ  AZN  TWTR  NVS  Google  SPY 
The Strategy Portfolio Approach To Investing  Merck  PFE
 JPM17 Has Botox and Whatever Worked? Before and After? Your     VRX  AGN  KO  PEP  MYL  IEP  HLF  MYL  Merck  JNJ… 
Sabby"s Hal Mintz takes 4.8% stake in  GOVX   .06. AIDS vax 100% eff.in humans.  NLNK &  Merck Ebola developer Dr. Monath now GeoVax Chairman
 JPM17 Botox and a Piece? Who Invests With An Insecure CEO?  VRX  AGN  KO  PEP  MYL  IEP  HLF  MYL  Merck  JNJ  AZN… 
Analysts See  Merck Rally Continuing After Lung Cancer Drug News  Merck Also  BMY  AZN  RHHBY 
Here are the top 25  cardiovascular  pharma brands, according to 2015-2016 sales.  Merck  AZN  GILD  AGN  UTHR  ATLN… 
 JPM17 This Guy Doesn't Count- He's Got the Treatment For Everything. haha   VRX  AGN  KO  PEP  MYL  IEP  HLF  MYL… 
 Merck Eli Lilly Rebounds On Chemo-Drug Patent Win Vs. Generic Teva 
Merck & Co. Upgrade by Guggenheim Securities (Ranked 9th) to Buy  Merck  Merck 
Merck & Co. Upgrade by Morgan Stanley (Ranked 36th) to Overweight  Merck  Merck 
Merck & Co. Upgrade by Piper Jaffray (Ranked 60th) to Overweight  Merck  Merck 
Why Merck Is UP Thursday  Merck
 Merck Stocks Stuck In Red; Apple, Disney Weigh On Dow; Nvidia Extends Slide 
 Merck  LLY  TEVA  BMY:

Eli Lilly Rebounds On Chemo-Drug Patent Win Vs. Generic Teva:


Stocks still red but pare losses; Apple, Nvidia weigh on Nasdaq:  DIS  Apple  NVDA  Merck  MSFT  HQY
Thursday's Upgrades/Downgrades  AKS  Merck  TWTR  X  DIS  XRX  AIV  ATW  ENLK  ETE  ESL  FLR  KALU  MS  NOC  NE  STLD 
Bullish dollar flow so far today...  TIF  LLY  AMZN  PII  MBT  POST  Merck  VALE  ABX
 NVAX more than stirring post JPM Conference 

 IBB  XBI  FBT  CELG  AMGN  Merck  GuyAdami  jonnajarian
 JPM17 Valeant Short Analysts To CNBC Now?  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  JNJ  GILD  SPY  AZN  TWTR  Apple  MSFT  KO  PEP… 
 Merck:

Why 3 Analysts Upgraded Merck Simultaneously:


Sabby"s Hal Mintz takes 4.8% stake in  GOVX   .06. AIDS vax 100% eff, in humans.  NLNK &  Merck Ebola developer Dr.Monath now GeoVax Chairman
 JPM17 No Big Lot Friends For Allergan   VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  SPY  Apple  TWTR  KO  PEP  AZN  JNJ  GILD  BLUE  ORCL 
WHY THE ARORA REPORT SHORTED MERCK AHEAD OF TRUMP NEWS  LABD  PFE  JNJ  Merck  BMY  LLY  PJP  IHE  IBB  XHI  BBH  BIS 
JPMorgan Day Three Roundup - Trump Reminds The Sector Who's In Charge  MYL  BLUE  KITE  EDIT  TKPHF  TKPYY  Merck
 JPM17 Say Hello to Valeant's Big Block Friends.  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  SPY  Apple  TWTR  KO  PEP  AZN  JNJ  GILD… 
German  Merck KGaA To Open Biologic CRO/CMO Centers In Shanghai And Boston  . Read more:  Merck
 JPM17 Look.  Loud Mouth Friends?  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  AppleN  PRGO  IEP  HLF  KO  PEP  JNJ  GILD  AZN 
2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck — and 3 Things You Need to Know  Merck 
 Merck 2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck -- and 3 Things You Need to Know 
 Merck:

2 Upgrades In 1 Day for Merck — and 3 Things You Need to Know:


 JPM17 How Many Loud Mouth Bitches Does Valeant Shorts Have? 
 VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  Apple  AZN  GILD  PRGO  KO  PEP
 Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving. Read more:  Merck
Bristol-Myers threatens Merck's "head start" in lung cancer: analyst  BMY  Merck  AZN 
 JPM17 Boyd Seen As The "Short's Loud Mouth Bitch" hahahahah Done In! 
 VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  Apple  AZN  GILD… 
 Merck talk on Halftime
 JPM17 John Carnes? Where Have I seen That Name Before?Oh a '16 Donor  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  Apple  JNJ  NVS… 
Lilly,  Merck Expand Tie-Up to Study Lartruvo-Keytruda Combo. Read more:  Merck
 JPM17 Short And Distort? Like We Heard From Cramer in Video?  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  Apple  JNJ  NVS  AZN  JNJ… 
 JPM17 Have Ya Ever? And He Wants Us To Believe? hahah  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  AZN  TWTR  Apple  KO  PEP  PRGO  GILD… 
US FDA accepts  Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic nonsquam... Read more:  Merck
1-12-2017 Cramer  stoptrading "  Merck Going Higher Cause FDA Will Make Favorable Decision On Drug" stop trading  mrk 
 Merck price target  72 
Who just bought 2.5 million shares of  Merck ???
Biotechnology: Is 2017 A Bonanza Year?
 pfe  mrk  jnj  snf  agn  gild  amgn  lly  sgen  tsro  exel  incy  bmy  ijr
 TheTradingNinja  Merck that volume on this candle 3M 👀👀👀 
3 Charts Every Bristol-Myers Squibb Shareholder Needs to See  stocks  BMY,  Merck,  RHHBY 
 Merck Major Pharma Short Interest Declines Ahead of Trump Comments 
 Merck & Company, Inc. Upgraded to Overweight by Morgan Stanley. Read more:  Merck
 Merck may get the first approval of a chemotherapy and immuno-oncology combination for advanced NSCLC… 
Out of  ILMN  Merck  LH All back on target list given recent news but won't impact short term ops
 Merck Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma. Read more:  Merck
Merck's Keytruda/chemotherapy combo could edge out the competition to treat advanced  lungcancer.  Merck  FDA… 
 Merck, Lilly to test new combo for soft tissue sarcoma. Read more:  Merck
Will 2017 Be Different For Gilead Sciences  ABBV  IBB  Merck  PFE  SNY  GILD
 Merck  breakout or  beartrap? Upgraded, but SMA (20,50,200) kept my paws off..for the weekend :D
S&P500  Stocks Performance  ABC  TIF  CPB  AA  LLY  RRC  NFX  NEM  BBY  CNC  Merck  CI  DISCA  EL  SWN  HUM  more  
S&P100  Stocks Trend  Merck  KMI  GM  FOXA  CMCSA  BoeingC  DOW  SBUX  LLY  DHR  Google  EMR  MS  AMZN  GOOG  PCLN    
S&P100  Stocks Performance  LLY  Merck  CL  AMZN  TWX  SP&G  T  SO  BIIB  DUK  CVS  MDT  HAL  UNH  PM  MCD  more  
Dow  Stocks Trend  Merck  Apple  GS  DIS  NKE  UNH  JPM  AXP  DD  HD  Boeing  CAT  CVX  MCD  UTX  Intel  XOM  V  PFE    
Commented on Why 2017 Will Be Different For Gilead Sciences  ABBV  IBB  Merck  PFE  SNY  GILD
FREE: Great insight from  NSCLC analyst  Datamonitor_DP on the market impact of Keytruda+Chemo combo filed earlier… 
Tough day for market. Dow down 160. Only 3 of the 30 stocks up.  MCD and  VZ barely higher. But  Merck up 1%. Continues to buck drug selloff.
 Merck looks to strengthen Keytruda’s first-line lead in NSCLC with chemotherapy combination.  Datamonitor_HC 
Benzinga: Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck  Merck
Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck  Merck
 Merck & Company, Inc. Upgraded at Piper Jaffray Companies. Read more:  Merck
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 215
Guggenheim upgrades  Merck from Neutral to Buy 
Analysts see Merck rally continuing after lung cancer drug news  Merck  BMY  AZN  RHHBY  INCY 
 NotaBubble  7wtc  yusschr  Merck has jumped competition on promising treatment for Lung cancer  - via  Reuters
Piper Jaffray upgrades  Merck from Neutral to Overweight 
Morgan Stanley upgrades  Merck from Equal-Weight to Overweight 
 AZN  IO  Merck  BMY:

Bristol-Myers Threatens Merck’s ‘Head Start’ In Lung Cancer: Analyst:


 JPM17 Block Trades on Valeant.  Is Ackman Buying Back His Shares?  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  JNJ  GILD  SPY  AZN  TWTR… 
 Merck Markets Sound The Retreat In Early Trading; Merck 'New Best Idea' 
Hi  brentlsaunders I heard that you may have interest in  SRPT. Is it true? Do you have a comment on Sarepta?  VRX  MYL  Merck  JNJ  AZN  JNJ
On The Fly: Top five analyst upgrades  Merck  HII  FAST  FLR  CCJ 
Merck extends recent run, near top of recent trading range, breakout potential  Merck 
Why Merck Is UP In Premarket Trading Merck  Merck
Sabby"s Hal Mintz takes 4.8% stake in  GOVX   .06. AIDS vax 100% eff, in humans.  NLNK &  Merck Ebola developer Dr. Monath now GeoVax Chairman
SFTW Trader short-term Recommendation:  Merck Merck & Co. Inc.  stocks 
10:45 ET Volume Leader  17 - Merck 7,093,852 Merck & Company  Merck 62.93 +1.30 +2.11% High today of 63.24 day low 
seller of  Merck feb 60 puts 3,311 collecting .55
 Merck Company News for January 12, 2017 
Morgan Stanley Upgrades Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck to “Overweight” 
Merck +1.38 total advance today 10:30 ET. Merck & Company  Merck 63.01 Stock hit a High of 63.24 and 62.19 Low wit 
Morgan Stanley upgraded Merck  Merck to Overweight.... 8%  Upside 
 Merck got an upgrade, partners with  ONVO for their 3D printed human liver tissue for drug testing.  ONVO can help companies save   in trials
Jim Cramer -- We Can't Stifle Innovation in Health Care  Merck 
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 188
Piper's analyst Richard Purkiss gives Merck  Merck 'overweight' rating and  72 target  i.e. 14% upside.
MUST READ: Top trading and investment resources. Link:  Merck  DD  QCP  BUD  UGAZ  IRBT  LB  MORL  EWJ  RSO
 Merck KGaA Lays Off Some Employees in Shutdown of Its Massachusetts Accounting Office  . Read more:  Merck
Merck Top news - Jan 12th, 2017  Merck 
 Merck:

Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray’s Upgrade Of Merck:


Merck  & Company upgraded by Piper Jaffray Companies to overweight.  Merck  Merck
Vertex sells rights to four cancer programs to  Merck. Read more:  Merck
Morgan Stanley's analyst David Risinger upgraded Merck  Merck to 'overweight', target to  71 from  65, i.e. 13% upside.
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 181
Guggenheim's analyst Tony Butler upgraded Merck  Merck to 'buy', and  70 i.e. 11% upside price target.
 JPM17 Roddy Boyd Fails In His Mission by Concealing Valeant Kickback Scheme? Will He Lose His 501C?  VRX  AGN  MYL… 
 Merck  64C Lotto 
Merck: Guggenheim upgrades  Merck to Buy with  70 price target, makes it new best idea & removes  BMY as best idea

MarketCurrents: Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race  Merck  RHHBY  AZN  BMY
Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race  Merck  RHHBY  AZN  BMY  sitifatimah  malaysia  financial…
 Merck's Lead in Lung Cancer May Be Unbeatable.   BMY  biotech
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 168
 Merck KGaA Obtains License for Programs Targeting DNA Damage and Repair. Read more:  Merck
Merck gets upgrades on leadership in drug/chemo combo race  Merck  RHHBY  AZN  BMY
 NotaBubble  yusschr  7wtc  Merck in play on a down day for Pharma/Bio due to its Lung cancer therapy & upgrades. Options activity for Jun 70s
Benzinga: 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday  CRM  ESV  FAST  MS  X  Merck  FLR  PII
 Merck KGaA, Vertex Announce Tie-Up for Oncology Programs. Read more:  Merck
Stellar call on  mrk  AjTrader7 !
Taxpayers foot the bill for people disabled by globally rejected faulty  vaccines
  Merck  PFE  GSK  JNJ  SNY 
8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday  CRM  ESV  FAST  MS  X  Merck  FLR  PII
Benzinga: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12  ABC  ACM  ADBE  MS  XRX  BoeingC  Merck  DIS  X  LMT  TWLO…
Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12  ABC  ACM  ADBE  MS  XRX  BoeingC  Merck  DIS  X  LMT  TWLO  UTX
Benzinga: Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving  Merck
 Merck & Co., Inc. Shares Surges 1.41% Thursday's Premarket. Read more:  Merck
Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving  Merck
Senate shows no unity with the president.  ibb  xbi  celg  gild  mrk  pfe

only one motion voted on. and it failed.
Merck's cautious approach to cancer drugs is paying off  Merck  BMY  AZN via  bfly
Benzinga: The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Lower, Trump Conference Shakes Sectors  Apple  SPY  IBB  Merck  DIS…
Genentech to study Atezo+PegpH20 in 8 tgts-4 unnamed-1 just was picked by  Merck- NSCLC  HALO
The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Lower, Trump Conference Shakes Sectors  Apple  SPY  IBB  Merck  DIS  DAL
 Merck upgraded By Gugenheim Piper and Morgan Stanly FYI
In Play Longs:  AAOI  MPEL  FNV  ABCO  CENX  Merck  GOLD  JNUG  NEM
Cramer pumping  Merck
 Merck:

Merck’s Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving:


Cramer's Mad Dash  Merck
 Merck RSI has just went positive with an increase in volume. Thoughts on  Merck?  stocks 
 OpenOutcrier  Merck KEYTRUDA massive uptick in revenues coming 
 JPM17 I'm Hearing Confessions Today on The Valeant Fraud Scheme. Penance at Minimum But Saved  VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  Apple  FB  NVS  AZN
 Merck boring stock -but imho needs to be owned here - 70 coming this YR+4%DIV +2 call options BoeingCE/CTEP -MS 30% odds… 
 Merck Huge volume yesterday.All time high was  65.46 last November
There  might not be  100 to pick up off the  streets but there is certainly lots of  loose  change to be pick up.  RIO  BTI  Merck  GOLD  KRNT
DayTraders : Hot Stocks Today :  MPEL -  X -  KOS -  TWTR -  Merck -  VRX -  DIS -  BMY

Trade Safe folks
Download The Seeking Alpha Real-Time App for iPhone (&Android ( NFLX  Merck  TSRO   YHOO
 BMY  ANTM  Merck options have the largest change in price. Free options screener. 
Long Watches:  GOLD,  HES,  ABCO,  Merck,  MPEL,  CVS,  AA,  AAOI,  TWLO,  OCLR!! Short Watches:  TSRO,  DIS,  VFC,  LABU,  KOS!
Morgan Stanley Upgrades  Merck & Company, Inc. to "Overweight". Read more:  Merck
Notable Analyst Upgrades 01/12:  ABC  BKD  CAFD  CCJ  CEQP  CHH  CNI  ENLK  ETE  FAST  GLOB  HEP  HII  KN  Merck  NGL  SXL  TEL  TRGP   XRX
Guggenheim + MS +Pipper upgrade  Merck for KEYTRUDA +1,5% Pre 
Nothing like the smell of some fresh  HighVPI stocks in the morning! 
 PLAY  CCE  GRUB  LULU  MDVN  Merck  MS  KSS 


 Merck (+1.5% pre) Merck Receives Upgrades To Top Rating Recommendation From 3 Firms - SI


Lest we forget, Booker is from NJ home to  JNJ  Merck  BMY & countless other pharma cos 
Oakbrook Investments LLC Has  26,099,000 Stake in  Merck & Company, Inc. (). Read more:  Merck
 sssvenky I'm thinking  Merck puts on bounce
 Merck Up 1.28% PPS  62.42 
Merck Price Target Announced at  70.00/Share by Guggenheim
(Dow Jones)
German  Merck to Open Biologic CROCMO Centers in Shanghai and Boston. Read more:  Merck
Sabby"s Hal Mintz takes 4.8% stake in Geovax.  GOVX   .06,Has100% eff AIDS vax in humans. NLNK &  Merck Ebola 100% vax inventor  GOVX Chairman
 JPM17 The Media & Analysts Failed to Do Their Job- Couldn't Expose Valeant Kickback Scheme. Why?  AGN  VRX  AMGN  MYL  Merck  AZN  GILD  LLY
 Merck & Company, Inc. Upgraded to Buy by Guggenheim. Read more:  Merck
 Merck KGaA Given a €116.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc. Read more:  Merck
Merck  & Company upgraded by Morgan Stanley to overweight.  71.00 PT.  Merck  Merck
Gonna buy some  Merck puts 
 Merck Analysts' Actions -- Bank of America, Merck, Morgan Stanley, Valero and More 
// "Stock Market Crash warnings" by Mrk watcher //  Merck  trading  investing  stocks 
 JPM17 Botox Can't Cure Allergan Being Down  6 in Premarket Trading  AGN  VRX  AMGN  MYL  Merck  AZN  GILD  LLY 
 Merck:

Merck (Merck) Receives Upgrades To Top Rating Recommendation …:


 TSRO  MCD  Merck  EDP  X  KALU  ADBE  FAST and more. Morning briefing: Market news, upgrades/downgrades 1.12 
Btw, Estimated  Earnings Per Share for  Merck is  0.9 it's 1.46% of the current price 
3 Stocks to Watch on Wednesday:  Merck  UAL and  PE 
Merck  Merck Receives Upgrades To Top Rating Recommendation From 3 Firms 
Merck KGaA given  €116.00 PT by Citigroup Inc.. buy rating.  Merck  Merck
 Merck Stock Futures Slip, Dollar Slides As Market Awaits Fed Comments 
 OP&GN Waiting on news for  JPM conference in SF this week. Will  Merck buy other 60% of  OP&GN or  NVS make monster offer and take it all?
Covered Call Trade Alerts for  BBT,  EXEL,  Merck,  PE &  WDAY : … … … … … … …  OptionsTrading  CoveredCalls
 Merck  TSRO:

Futures fall as Trump speech disappoints:


 BiotechHack if you wanna pump your own child with 30+ vaccines because  mrk tells you to, go ahead.  Others shouldn't be forced to.
Benzinga: Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers  AZN  BMY  Merck  RHHBY
Here's What Merck's Keytruda News Means For Bristol-Myers  AZN  BMY  Merck  RHHBY
 HCanalyst &should be-very good news  Merck of late - also 2 call options this year CTEP&BoeingCE-upside -limited downside -MS report very good
Recommendation  HOLD for  Merck with UB rating - 2.98 out of 5. 
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 99
Merck  & Company upgraded by Guggenheim to buy.  Merck  Merck
Upgrades  TYPE  TRGP  ENLK  NGL  ETE  HEP  PII  Merck  GLOB  TEL  FAST  HII  CNI  CCJ  ABC  CAFD  RHT  BKD  FLR  VVC  CHH  KN  HII
Analysts tripping over themselves to upgrade  Merck this morning ... Morgan Stanley, Guggenheim and Piper
ICYMI: 01/11/17 - View today's Market Forecast here:  Discussed:  SPX  DIA  GLD  USO  UUP  EEM  XLV  Merck  Investools
 Merck Trump criticism leads to falling stock prices at these Tampa employers 
Incyte's Prospects Get Even Brighter With Merck Announcement:  LLY  Merck  INCY
 Merck Upgrade Overweight  pt raised to  75 by Morgan Stanley 
Missed yesterday's news? Here's what to know  pharma  Merck  FDA  cancer  VRX  LRLCY  PBM  FB  hcsm  SRPT  Duchenne… 
 Merck  61.63 (+2.85%) is a top mover.  Try our  sentiment analysis tool free: 
 trading
Why Juniper Networks, Supervalu & Bristol-Myers Squibb Are 3 of Today’s Worst Stocks  SVU  JNPR  BMY  Merck  stocks
Meyer Handelman Co. Reduces Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
 Merck received a new alert. Find out why at  stocks  daytrading  trading  mkt   NYSE  NASDAQ  markets 80
 Merck upgraded at Morgan Stanley
 Merck upgraded at Guggenheim
CS Highlights from  JPM17  INCY  Merck  BMRN  SRPT
 Merck Guggenheim raises to a buy 
 Merck Piper Jaffray raises to overweight 
 Merck Morgan Stanley raises to overweight 
 Merck Morgan Stanley upgrades Merck to Overweight, Target  71
Piper upgrades  mrk 
Merck upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper Jaffray  Merck  BMY  AZN  RHHBY 
Guggenheim  Merck - Upgrading to BUY - 
Can Lung Cancer Treatment Be All Mine?  
New Best Idea
Weekly S&P100  Stocks Trend  FOXA  PCLN  Apple  CMCSA  DHR  GM  EMR  Merck  TXN  SBUX  Google  KMI  HD  ORCL  BoeingC    
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  Apple  Merck  HD  AXP  DIS  Intel  GS  JPM  Boeing  MSFT  UNH  CAT  DD  NKE  PFE  MCD  MMM  V    
 Merck upgraded to Overweight from Neutral at Piper. PT raised to  72 from  63
 Merck Already three upgrades today (Piper, Guggenheim, Morgan Stanley)   Merck
0-star analyst David Risinger from Morgan Stanley upgraded rating on  Merck to BUY. David has a 38% success rate 
Morgan Stanley on Merck  Merck: Merck shares offer 2 inexpensive, large call options

Read: 
Morgan Stanley on Merck  Merck: Our longterm estimates are well above consensus (’20e  5.82 is 17% above cons'  4.97)
Morgan Stanley upgrades Merck  Merck to Overweight, Target  71, "Upgrading to OW on taking pole position in 1L lung"
Donald Trump talks borders and Obamacare at presser  PFE  Merck  IBM  MSFT
 Merck:

Morgan Stanley Upgrades Merck (Merck) to Overweight:


 LLY,  Merck add new combo alliance;  GILD really does want to focus on M&A; plus Pierre Fabry + Piqur deal   biotech
US FDA accepts  Merck's sBLA for Keytruda in combo with chemotherapy for metastatic non─squa... Read more:  Merck
CLEARink Displays,  Merck KGaA Sign Development Agreement. Read more:  Merck
Our Penny Stock Alerts kicked off the New Year with over 70% Gains! New Pick Today:  Breakout  INSY  Merck
 Merck KGaA PT Set at €101.00 by Commerzbank AG. Read more:  Merck
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:2.85% Weekly:2.49% YTD:4.69% Trend:95 / 100  
Vertex grants  Merck KGaA rights to cancer programs. Read more:  Merck
 NEWC Gained 61.85% For Our Subscribers In The Past Week! See Our New Pick:  Stocks  Merck  LGND
< Review of this fantastic traders teaching service!! Try it for FREE!  LLY  DGX  Merck  NVS  AMGN
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Position Boosted by Adirondack Trust Co. 
Bristol-Myers Slips After FDA Gives Merck lung Cancer Therapy Priority Review  Merck Also  BMY  AZN  RHHBY 
Top five most active stocks today were  BoeingC,  F,  PFE,  Merck, and  CHK.
01/11/17 - View today's Market Forecast here:  Discussed:  SPX  IWM  GLD  TLT  USO  UUP  EEM  XLV  Merck  Investools
 IBB Buy Today’s Trump Dump in  Biotech  Stocks  XBI  stockmarket  investing  finance  SPY  QQQ  XLV  PFE  Merck  LLY
 JustinPulitzer so much for that  bmy trade. I dumped my calls early AM when it couldn't stay above  58.50.   Merck news and Trump crushed it
5 things for  pharma  marketers to know: Wed., Jan. 11  Merck  FDA  cancer  VRX  LRLCY  PBM  FB  hcsm  SRPT  Duchenne… 
Largest gainers today on my Watch List were:  CVCO  HSKA  Merck  GTN  HDSN - 
Stocks Rebound in Wake of Trump Volatility   SPX  DJIA  COMP  RUT  AXL  RAD  WBoeing  Merck  SVU… 
Trending:  Merck leaps ahead of rivals with combo Keytruda/chemo attack on  lungcancer  biotech by  JohnCendpts
 tgtxdough  Merck might add to hedge my BMY LEAPS. What do you think?  bradloncar My longs: BMY AGN LLY NVS KITE ADXS PETX CLF NKE SBUX FB
01/11/17 - View today's Market Forecast here:  Discussed:  SPX  QQQ  GLD  TLT  USO  UUP  EEM  XLV  Merck  Investools
 INCY  Merck 
*RECAP - "Biotech stocks slide on Trump comments..." | Tickers:  IBB  DSCI  IART  Merck  AZN 
2017 Dogs of  Dow  Vz  pfe  cvx  ba  csco  ko  ibm  xom  cat  mrk beat DOW six out of last 7 making it a  winning  stockmarket  strategy
 JPM17 If Anyone Needs My Assistance Please Contact Me. Thanks!  VRX  JPM  AGN  MYL  Merck  JNJ  TWTR  Apple  KO  PEP  AMGN  BLUE  IEP  HLF
Trump/drug prices;  Merck Keytruda; Takeda/MPM-backed Maverick; NCI's drug formulary & more in Wed's BioCentury Extra: 
Morning Call For Wednesday, Jan. 11  C  CRM  JNPR  JPM  Merck  MX  TMK  UAL  MSFT  VECO  BRG  PE  AKAO  ICHR 
01/11/17 - View today's Market Forecast here:  Discussed:  SPY  DIA  GLD  TLT  USO  UUP  EEM  XLV  Merck  Investools
The Ord Oracle, January 9, 2017  MDT  MET  MMM  MO  MDLZ  MON  MS  Merck  GOOG  GS  HAL  HD 
 Merck is in Ichimoku Golden Cross winning 64.71% in the past. 
 Merck Merck leapfrogs rivals in lung cancer drug combination race via  Reuters
The  US_FDA to review Merck's marketing application for  Keytruda combination for lung cancer  Merck via  SeekingAlpha
 mrk pd1 suck ot trump and bernie 
Let's Just Trade It: Merck, BMY, ADM & More In Play Today  BMY  ADM  Merck  
 DJIA DLY Best performing  Merck  IBM  GS  Intel  XOM Worst  PFE  JNJ  NKE  CSCO  VZ. Piercing line above the cloud=>… 
01/11/17 - View today's Market Forecast here:  Discussed:  SPX  DIA  GLD  TLT  USO  UUP  EEM  XLV  Merck  Investools
 Merck Cramer: What Happened to the Pajama Traders? 
 Merck  UAL:

Cramer gets to the bottom of the mysterious disappearance of …:


S&P500  Stocks Performance  FSLR  CF  RIG  AES  ALB  NRG  AA  COP  DO  APC  Merck  SWN  DOV  SRCL  CERN  more  
S&P100  Stocks Performance  COP  Merck  MDLZ  KMI  GM  EMR  MS  FB  FOXA  HAL  IBM  GS  SLB  ORCL  Intel  USB more  
Dow  Stocks Trend  Apple  Merck  HD  AXP  DIS  Intel  GS  JPM  Boeing  MSFT  UNH  CAT  DD  NKE  PFE  MCD  MMM  V  GE    
