The CIO of  39B Merck on devops, digital transformation, digital enterprise, tech-startups world via  bi_enterprise
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  isermimo
AG professionals learning about & touring the Merck animal health site  NASDAnews  Merck 
Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality. Learn more about their efforts:  ad  sk
Merck and Pfizer Announce Investigational Ertugliflozin Met Primary Endpoint of A1C Reduction When Added to… 
Sanofi Sues Merck Over Proposed Insulin Glargine Biosimilar | by  goodwinlaw
Just visited  MerckAH in Elkhorn, NE thanks to  NASDAis100. Merck Animal Health operates in Canada as Intervet Canada Corp in Kirkland, QC.
Me to my boss: I've stayed late every day this week can I go home her:yeah go ahead me:no I'll stay this is overtime pay  WhyDoIDoThis
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push     via  WSJ
No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality.... 
 MyJodes even the vaccine makers admit they do, but I'm the one who needs to use my brain?? 

 TheTodayShow
"Colorado Native American" - Merck Photography
_
Location: M lazy C Ranch
Camera: Panasonic G7… 
 TheTodayShow don't believe me, see for yourselves, page 8: 
 vaccines  vaccinations
"Two former Merck scientists, who filed a whistleblower lawsuit accusing the drug maker of falsifying data about... 
Merck is Accused of Stonewalling Over Effectiveness of Mumps Vaccine 
Merck and Pfizer Announce Investigational Ertugliflozin Met Primary Endpoint of A1C Reduction When Added ... 
Merck Funding Groups Behind EPA's Petition to Regulate Silver  generalhealth
Passport: √ Tickets: √ Our mobile app: √ Our app helps you expect the unexpected: 
“MERCK MORE THAN A MOTHER” SUPPORTS JACKLINE MWENDE ,VICTIM OF INFERTILITY STIGMA >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>… 
 BioSpace  Merck and Co. To Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales And Earnings Conference Call On 
Specifically, the suit claims Merck manipulated the results of clinical trials beginning in the late 1990s so as... 
 Bayer's failure to identify weaknesses in 2014 acquisition sets dangerous precedent for its  Monsanto deal:  WSJ
“As the single largest purchaser of childhood vaccines (accounting for more than 50 percent of all vaccine... 
 Merck to Host Investor Teleconference to Discuss ESMO 2016 Highlights. Read more:  Merck
 Merck MSD celebrates 125 years of making a difference. Read more:  Merck
This is a major federal case alleging fraud in vaccine testing 
 Merck & Co. To Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales And Earnings Conference Call On October 25  . Read more:  Merck
 Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany And The Partner To Advance Women's Health In Jordan  . Read more:  Merck
Merck Gardasil Vaccine Plant FDA Warning Letter  gardasil  hpv  vaccines  
Bayer's due diligence errors with Merck deal overshadow Monsanto purchase - St. Louis Business Journal 
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push      health  healthcare  gastroenterologist
Concussion myths debunked by Merck Manual author, Dr. James Wilberger:  HealthTips  Concussion
Bayer - Immunotherapy and antibody-drug conjugates 
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Sells 380,697 Shares of Merck & Co.  Merck 
Merck & Co. (Merck) Stake Maintained by Pinnacle Wealth Management Advisory Group LLC… 
Merck & Co.  Merck Stake Maintained by Pinnacle Wealth Management Advisory Group LLC 
Received a large and colorful brochure yesterday declaiming  Prop61 that yes, was paid for by Merck & Co. Hmm.. must be real   at stake.
Wade G W & Inc. Has  1,016,000 Stake in Merck & Co.  Merck 
 janephilpott  JustinTrudeau  SenatorCordy  Kathleen_Wynne Many seniors at risk.  Drugsafety huge issue. 
Former CDC Head Sells 38,368 Shares Of Merck 
We're  hiring! Read about our latest  job opening here: GOglobal EMD - The Global Graduate Program of Merck... - 
Why should Merck care? They R protected by the US gov't against litigation and their vax is mandated by law. Win-wi… 
 adamfeuerstein ok but would you enter in the merits of the news? Blrx has a good pipeline and good collaboration with novartis, roche merck
Voluntary Recall Of Gardasil Issued, HPV Vaccine May Be Contaminated With Glass : News : University Herald  gardasil 
 Merck I would like to speak with a member of your customer support team.
Merck More than a Mother high level panel discusses infertility challenges & solutions in Africa   IFFS World Congr… 
ChE & ME: Merck is hiring FT in Manufacturing Division - apply today!  vuengineercareers
Merck partners with University of Nairobi to start medical oncology fellowship program for African doctors 
 Merck's  hepatitisC drug wins  NICE backing  pharma  lifesciences 
Sanofi Sues Merck Over Proposed Insulin Glargine Biosimilar - JD Supra (press release)  biosimilars
Which will surprise musicians like Beyonce and Kanye West, the CEOs of Merck and AMEX, athletes like LeBron... 
Could  ARIA buyout be coming next week ? 
Someone should ask Merck or Pfizer.
 NCOpenGov  triciacotham Looks like Char-Merck, Jen Roberts, McCrory are holding out until Oct 1 so that they won't have to release video.
See how we supported the  MakeSenseCmpn to raise awareness of  HNCSM across the world this week!   UnitingVoices… 
Merck (Merck): Slow and Steady Dividend Growth  dividend
Fall Festival at Merck Forest & Farmland Center
TOMORROW, Saturday, 9/24, 9am - 3pm, Admission:  2.50 pp 
Why does Shonda always have to beat up on Karev? 😡😭💔
Choosing the right protein A affinity chromatography media can remove aggregates efficiently - Yada... |  scoopit 
Now tracking: Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and  earnings Conference Call on October 25 
 MerckManualPro Thank you! Merck's my favourite site to read. Has been a great help. Cheers. :)
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time - Waking Times Media 
Thank you to the volunteers from Merck who helped us get ready for Brite Nites! 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - Wall Street Journal 
Portable, On-Demand Biomolecular Manufacturing |  scoopit 
ESG Stock Highlights: Immune Design Corp. (NASDAQ:IMDZ), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:Merck ...: Company gross ...  ESG
 Merck Watch CNN admit their corruption and promote  Hillary 
A Grieving Mom Shares Her Story With Katie Couric: The Lethal 3 Shot Series Of Merck's Gardisil HPV Vaccine... 
 DYK we’ve reduced our water usage by 29% since 2009? Read more about our progress in our 2015/2016 CR Report. 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push via  Nasdaq
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25 
Dog Lovers?  Check Out Holiday The Merck Family's Old World Christmas Ornament "Dog Treat" 2001  via  eBay
 Merck Cuts Chemistry: .... via  Dereklowe
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
"Top 25 women's health products" Amgen, Pfizer, Bayer, Elil Lilly, Merck in Top 5. Allergan leading with 6 products 
10 hours Monday & Tuesday. 12 hours Wednesday & 10 hours yesterday. I think I should get to go home early today 🙃
Merck: creating lifetime customers with pharmaceuticals. NOT cures. Food is fuel people. Wake TF up!
Well, by their own standards!  allanbrauer  TravisRuger  highwired2  Merck
 fawfulfan  TravisRuger  highwired2 She and her husband own more than  50K of stock in  Merck so you know she'll rein in the pharma lobby.
Miss Rodeo America Katherine Merck and Miss Rodeo Texas Lisa Lagescharr on NewsDay Amarillo with Tim Butler and... 
 Merck so sick of your commercials pushing HPV Vaccinations with your fear mongering. Proven they are harming kids at an alarming rate. 😡
Done with the conference in India...going to launch Merck more than a Mother campaign next in… 
Kate Holloway with  merckchemistry was named as inventor of Crixivan in a Jeopardy daily double  compchem 
We're all over the  CaroftheFuture  merck   IAA2016 
 Cambridge  Job Bioinformatics Lead Job: Bioinformatics  Lead-RES001625DescriptionThe  Merck  Research  Labor... 
Science & Innovation: Science 101 - The Power of Proteins |  scoopit 
Research Peptides |  scoopit 
Merck and the Royal Health Awareness Society Partner to Advance Women’s Health in Jordan 
leahanne: Volume Alert - Merck 62.76 Merck & Company  Merck Hit 
Volume Alert - Merck 62.76 Merck & Company  Merck Hit a high today of 63.14 Closing the day 10:30 at 62.76 -0.26 - 
Organic Division Seminar Series - Kate Holloway of Merck. 9/23 at 3:30pm in WEL 2.122.
Simply brilliant!  Corporate  Innovation Theatre In 8 Acts via  cbinsights  bayer  merck  pfizer
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25 - 
Swing by booth 900 & learn how the Merck Manuals is making credible med info accessible to everyone, everywhere!… 
Niggas be lying so tough!!
Fortunately, your efforts toward achieving success are close t... More for Aquarius 
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push      health  healthcare  patient
Merck Appoints Isabel De Paoli as Chief Strategy Officer 
 merck_de  merckgroup
Merck Appoints Isabel De Paoli as Chief Strategy Officer More German life science news at 
 Merck’s  Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push 
Did someone say webinar? We did! Join us for the latest Merck Animal health webinar series webinar on Tuesday... 
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push! Intersting way for  Merck to beat  BMY via  WSJ
 Merck quite senseless - per definition an invention is an innovation which is not launched yet. So just doing inventions is not profitable.
The Merck Manual of Diagnosis and Therapy, 16E by Merck via  amazon
 MerckManualPro where does merck stand on for generic labels?
 PTRskin before it was withdrawn - by Merck in the face of over  4 billion in lawsuits, not by the FDA..
FDA-approved oxycontin is still out
I'm at Merck & Co, Inc in Madison, NJ 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - Wall Street Journal: Wall Street Jour... 
 Merck is one of our dedicated partners, supporting our work addressing  cervicalcancer and  breastcancer in LMIC.… 
Nordic  PHVDay: speakers from  baxter_intl  Merck  novonordisk and more will debate the hottest topics in the  pharmacovigilance field
How the CIO of a  39 billion pharmaceutical company is quietly changing the tech-startup world 
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push  china 
Merck’s New Steritest™ Symbio Pump Accessories Enable Faster, Safer Sterility Testing in Any Setting: mercks-... 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - Nasdaq: Merck's K... ...  börse  aktien
New & improved Merck Manual app! Visit booth 900 for a live demo. Download today:   AAFPFMX 
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25 via  BusinessWire
 Merck A vote for  ImWithHer is a vote for ignoring victims of rape 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - Wall Street Journal via Black Swan Intelli…
What a fantastic night and perfect views for Merck Sharps' staff party last night. 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push: BEIJING -- Merck & Co.'s immun...  pharma
 Merck Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push 
Merck’s gets Keytruda a foot in China's door via medical-tourism pilot. via  WSJ
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push [h/t  BioStocks]
>>Dr D Harper, Principal Investigator for HPV vaccine clinical trials at Merck and GlaxoSmithKline weighs pros/cons 
 Merck shame to see that Andriol is globally out of stock of the only oral testosterone capsule available.
“Until Merck funds a multi-ethnic efficacy study lasting15+yrs, Gardasil shd be used w/in the first 6yrs their onset of sexual activity" >>
Lower Salford man draws probation for theft from Merck 
 Merck - Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push     
 Merck  BMY:
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism …:
Bring a friend to 9/29 HBoeing event  Merck Ur non HBoeing member friend can register at a member rate on 9/29!  HBoeinggp… 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push
Before we start the next session make sure to check out our sponsors Merck and  Amgen 
. MakeSenseCmpn advocates ‘1for3’ – if you have had 1 symptom for > 3 weeks, consult your doctor  UnitingVoices
Fitbit, Google, WebMD, Pfizer, USFDA, Merck and many more will be at  FTDigHealth USA. Will you? Save your seat: 
 news  Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25 (Merck & Co Inc)  business  fdlx
Merck’s New Steritest™ Symbio Pump Accessories Enable Faster, Safer Sterility Testing in Any Setting 
The latest The BiotechRob Daily! Thanks to  boehninglab  Merck  katiesci
 Earnings Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25: KEN... Earning News
 Merck Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October... 
Merck More than a Mother high level panel discusses infertility challenges&solutions in Africa IFFS World Congress 
BRIEFBayer says  Merck & Co integration disrupts business more than expected. Read more:  Merck
 Merck Lobbyists for  Monsanto ExxonMobil Raised   for  ClintonFoundation  PayForPlay 
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25  pharma  pharma
PharmaMKTnet: Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25 via BusinessWire
 Merck:
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference …:
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25  biotech  biotech
Join us for our third-quarter 2016 sales and earnings conference call on Oct. 25th at 8 a.m. ET:  Merck
 CareerUpgradeFriday   Spark Agilent Covance SunPharma Novartis AstraZeneca Merck Catalent Allergan ThermoFisher & AbbVie  Jobs  pharma
 merckgroup  merckNE  RHAS.
A remarkable MoU is established by RHAS&Merck shows that partnership is essential for b… 
 Roche Says New MS Drug Works Better Than Merck & Co.'s Rebif  . Read more:  ROG
 Sanofi files  patent  infringement suit against  Merck in Delaware to protect  Lantus  diabetes  insulin
Infrared shares clubber trades mixer: jpmorgan, merck, american global tussock, peabody fortitude, american overruling instrumenta: OLqlC
 Merck & Co. Receives "Buy" Rating from Argus. Read more:  Merck
<b>JenKem Technology</b> And  Merck & Co. Announce Distribution Agreement  . Read more:  Merck
Davidson & Garrard Inc. Acquires 275 Shares of  Merck & Co. (). Read more:  Merck
 MKGAY If you follow MKGAY Merck Kgaa Unsp ADR This is a must join site! -->  
 MKGAF If you follow MKGAF Merck Kgaa Dm 5 This is a must join site! -->  
Diabetes drug unveiled by Merck
 DYK If you want to live to be  WE100, it's time to get curious! Curiosity could help alleviate age-related stress! 
Merck provided Noonkipa with 2 cows to enable her to become a productive member of society.  EmpoweringBerna 
Jamund  wenonaneninonu  xxxxrkx  carilinajoyce1  adrian_merck 
Perfect end of a successful  designthinking workshop & filming week  WeAreMettaNBO  wearemetta  Merck  Accelerator 
Associate Director, Contract Optimization Job - Merck - Gwynedd, PA | 
 ScientiaPercept I have a personal friend who developed a cancer drug for Merck, and working on one for Epizyme. Former CEO.   umfpt
Prof  scottmoeller  cassbusiness quoted in  WSJ on the need to learn from due diligence from one deal to the next: 
. scottmoeller quoted in  WSJ about the need to learn from due diligence from one deal to the next:  CassExperts
 OnThisDay1940 3/LG2 Bf109E-7 crashed on landing at Calais-Merck due to combat damaged. Pilot unhurt
 Bioprocess365  talktotuffy  Merck_Chemicals Couldnt have explained it more clearly, TY 
BRIEF- Bayer says Merck & Co integration disrupts business more than expected. Read more:  BoeingYN
Learn more about the new M Lab™ Collaboration Centers from Daniel Stamm  Merck_lifesci 
 Vienna  Jobs Medical Science Liaison, Acute Care (m/w): Merck Sharp &… >> For More Jobs – Please Go2 Our Page!
Merck: I/E Techn.-Elect &amp; Instr Tech Job 
100 healthy years is Merck Consumer Health's new purpose. Read the full story on the OTCToolbox website. 
Get to know the new startups of the  MerckAccelerator!  pressrelease  sharingforgoodscience
Merck: I/E Techn.-Elect & Instr Tech Job  usa  america  hiring  tweetmyjobs  hr  jobopening  JobListing  jobsearch…
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:0.51% Weekly:1.03% YTD:21.33% Trend:76 / 100  
Did you know this? 
Merck More Than A Mother campaign   World Congress of  IIFS, Delhi aims at empowering  infertile women in Africa so… 
Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany and the Royal Health Awareness Society Partner to Advance ...
 Algeria  Jobs Business Practice Manager, Algeria: Merck - Algiers - MSD is… >> For More Jobs – Please Go2 Our Page!
 Algeria  Jobs Brand Specialist Algeria: Merck Group - Algeria - Career… >> For More Jobs – Please Go2 Our Page!
 kentspeakman  talktotuffy  nonprofit  entertainment  hollywood  Merck  GSKUS A Mover n Shaker/Impressive 
"FLASHBoeingCK: Merck paid doctors nearly  20 million during six-month period to push drugs, vaccines"  via Buffer
Are government agencies colluding w/ MMR vaccine manufacturer (Merck) to hide an association between MMR and autism? 
Merck session in progress at IFFS2016 hallA 
French drugs firm takes legal steps to prevent the launch of rival versions of its diabetes treatment A packet of... 
Special shout out to the people at  Merck. 
 MylanNews could learn a thing or two. 
EIN Merck News: EMD Serono appoints neurology and immunology SVP…  MedicBoard 
ICYMI:  Merck Discontinues Development of  Osteoporosis Drug Due to  StrokeRisk 
With Hon. Sarah Opendi Minister of Health and Merck more than a Mother Ambassador in Uganda at… 
Lmao my parents are going out of town for the weekend and told me to make sure I kept my brother fed & watered bc he gets ill without food😂
Together with Merck more than a Mother Ambassador Hon. Sarah Opendi Minister of Health in Uganda, Rasha Kelej CSO... 
"Many  corporates have a  blockchain team about  healthcare  philips  allianz  merck"  youbaseio  ateliermeetup  health20
 amcquinn Until  Merck stops making money from  Gardasil
 Merck where can I find the latest stats on  Keytruda used as single agent for Advanced TNBC with PD-1 & 2 expression?
 DrMichaelMaster  Awithonelison True healing Dr Master.....let these fools bow at the alter of Merck. 
Thanks, . pfizer and . Merck for this unbiased, totally truthful ad for a bill which would, of course, have no impa… 
*goes to Shelby, KM, Gastonia, Hickory, etc* me: can we get Starbucks
Of all of the singer's weave lost in my lifetime, I miss the voices… 
 Kehmicals  wSergie Kehm he thinks he's cool cause he played with nick Merck and costed him on stream
Gardasil commercials from  Merck piss me off. Aimed at 11-12 yr olds now? Don't ever get those injections, unless you enjoy lifelong probs.
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time- Plz ReTweet  wakingtimes… 
Harvard Mumps Outbreak: The Real Story Mainstream Media Won’t Tell You
Nb Merck's MMR license , was won via Fraud
A book is a weapon! They use to kill us for knowing how to read. Knowledge is more dangerous than a gun.  blackinamerica  blm
I don't pay taxes to finance my own execution, officer. Appreciate me while I'm here! Who knows when my body will become a hashtag.  blm
thanks to all those who came to senior day- it was an awesome W! these seniors deserved it!
I hope people know federal courts ordered  pfizer and  Merck  and others to pay damages 100m plus because yes, vacc… 
 mkamensek here in California, they’re now forced to disclose. That’s why we know Pfizer and Merck fund the No on 61 effort
5 lunch wraps and rolls you can make ahead from  PerdueChicken  PerdueCrew  promotion - 
Stock holdings of  DrJillStein & her husband:  100+K worth of  Disney &  HomeDepot,  50+K  Merck /  AndyRichter
Hi  Real_Estate_Mrk,
Are you an  Investor looking for unique opportunities?
Have you considered  EquityCrowdfunding?
 mytruce  markceshleman MARK MARK Mrk mRK MARK MARK MARK HOU LIKE C GRANVIT Y FLS
|LIVE NOW| It's rum and coke Friday with Claude  meerkat 
|LIVE NOW|   meerkat 
|LIVE NOW|  Pop  Rock  Country  meerkat 
JayZ & DPA
PUTTIN IN WORK  mommieactivist  3gsunlimited  Beautyquini1  KermitHenderson  Ladyspinsters  
Updates taking forever 😒😒😒😒
mrk a mi nadie me da like
 islivingston  stormchaserQ Laughing a bit too hard at this. 
Just keeps getting better.
|LIVE NOW| Nail Repair and Polish What Color? Blue, Beige or other?  meerkat 
My giiiiiiirl!!
|LIVE NOW| Katz & DPA  meerkat 
Calling the crowd to join his disciples, he said, “Anyone who intends to come with me has to let me lea…
After calling the crowd together with his disciples, Jesus said to them, "All who want to come after me…
F I R E ⭐️🔥 
 adidasalerts let's be real this was OOS before it even dropped
Merck NO. 
 ayashacourvey Welcher mrk
|LIVE NOW| Making 1 quick beat  meerkat 
|LIVE NOW| We  talk with real meaning   meerkat 
mercy ❤️
Book your place to attend the Argus Americas Crude Summit and save! Pre-registration deadline is October 7, do 
 ArgusWebinars: Join us Sep 29   10am CT for our free  energy webinar ahead of the upcoming  US  election2016. 
|LIVE NOW| HELLO  meerkat 
 Den_Berber Congrats bro!!💪🏼
Mrk 6:21 And when a convenient day was come, that Herod on his birthday made a supper to his lords, high captains, and chief… OTHDay 1/2
 TheRealAzura  would you have preferred the ray gun mrk 2 or the mark 3 in gorod krovi and revelations
|LIVE NOW| ZTrapped live   Clubsitute  meerkat 
 koolsavas mrk wLAN waisch
And Jesus answering saith unto them, Have faith in God.
actually ecstatic for la ha tonight
|LIVE NOW| ZTrapped live   Clubstitute  / EDM finest  meerkat 
And they come to Jerusalem: and Jesus went into the temple, and began to cast out them that sold and bo…
 OrigithGames_ Claro mrk :D
Students: A worthwhile read. Note not the political divisiveness, but simply what some students have to survive gro… 
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Just  Jesus Evangelistic Campaign - Day 267 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
 EthanDF so using Z39 search in  MarcEdit and retrieved 347,547 records but when converted to .Merck on 9861 recs procd. 🤔
Check out my stream on  meerkat
In 28 minutes: Team ZTrapped   Clubstitute live on radio  meerkat 
We calculated 63-day Expected Return of  Merck for you: 10.29% 
 Kliqkid  MrK_SoStudies   That's the Twitter handle.
Cudi needs some help
Women crazy 
Mrk 6:48 And he saw them toiling in rowing; for the wind was contrary unto them: and about the fourth watch of the night he… AshtonGate 1/2
< Review of this fantastic traders teaching service!! Try it for FREE!  LLY  DGX  Merck  NVS  AMGN
Youth Night po bukas!! :)  BrgyWestRembo
...And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way; thy faith hath made thee whole. And immediately he received his sight...
Thanks for the follow Dora Murrie! I appreciate it! September 23, 2016 at 12:09PM mrk_dee
Thanks to my top interactors!   iThanga_m  SaSha_Uno  Merck_herE  AltraAshok  kick_offl   via 
 FollowFriday  bahrinpohan  YouTubersNewsUS  iNSEP_Merck for being top engaged members in my community this week :)
Another design by me...order urs 
 Hxry_Bo never mrk
This child tho 😂😭😂😭😂😭😂 
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Revive the  Family - Day 232 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
Lmao real 
my day was going along JUST FINE until i discovered that smeg makes pink teakettles 
Parks and Recreation really top 10 show
My first love! 
“And they went out and proclaimed everywhere, the Lord working with them and confirming the word by the signs that…” 
“Then the Lord Yeshua, after He had spoken to them, was taken up into heaven and sat down at the right hand of God.” 
“they will handle snakes; and if they drink anything deadly, it will not harm them; they will lay hands on the sic…” 
“These signs will accompany those who believe: in My name they will drive out demons; they will speak new language…” 
“He who believes and is immersed shall be saved, but he who does not believe shall be condemned.” 
“He told them, “Go into all the world and proclaim the Good News to every creature.”
Mark 16:15 TLV 
“Later He appeared to them, the eleven, as they were reclining at the table. He rebuked them for their unbelief an…” 
“She went and brought word to those who had been with Him, while they were mourning and weeping. When they heard t…” 
“But he said to them, “Do not be alarmed. You are looking for Yeshua of Natzeret, who was crucified. He is risen! …” 
 PFE 
PHARMA to RALLY BIGTIME when TRUMP wins debate on Monday!
-  Merck  JNJ  MYL  LLY  BMY  AMGN  NVS  QQQ  GSK
“Joseph bought a linen cloth, took Him down, wrapped Him in the linen, and laid Him in a tomb that had been cut ou…” 
“When the centurion, who was standing in front of Him, saw the way Yeshua breathed His last, he said, “This Man re…” 
I only drink Moët 
“At the ninth hour Yeshua cried out with a loud voice, “ Eloi, Eloi, lema sabachthani? ” which is translated, “My …” 
He really is the goat 
Samsung is better than Apple 
“Then they crucify Him and divide up His clothing among themselves, casting lots for them to see who should take w…” 
When you import her from Durban only to find out that she's on her period 
Homecoming Pep Assembly! Proud to be a Pirate! ⚓️  wearebranson 
 AndyHatesUsAll Mr. Robot.
Found a Transponder Snail!
For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!
 TreCru 
““I am,” said Yeshua, “and you shall see ‘the Son of Man sitting at the right hand of the Powerful One,’ and ‘comi…” 
 MrK_FHS Engineering Squad saving a galaxy far, far away...by collaborating with the excellent Digital Art students… 
Creating in  nkscotto 's ceramics class.  4Cs  FHSTsinaction 
“Then He comes and finds them sleeping; and He tells Peter, “Simon, you’re asleep? Couldn’t you keep watch for one…” 
“And He was saying, “Abba, Father, all things are possible for You! Take this cup from Me! Yet not what I will, bu…” 
“And He tells them, “My soul is deeply grieved, even to the point of death. Stay here and keep watch.”” 
“Then they come to a place whose name is Gethsemane; and Yeshua says to His disciples, “Sit here while I pray.”” 
“And Yeshua said to them, “You will all fall away, for it is written, ‘I will strike the Shepherd, and the sheep w…” 
“Amen, I tell you, I will never again drink of the fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it anew in the k…” 
“And He said to them, “This is My blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many.”
Mark 14:24 TLV 
“And He took a cup; and after giving thanks, He gave to them and they all drank from it. And He said to them, “Thi…” 
“And He took a cup; and after giving thanks, He gave to them and they all drank from it.”
Mark 14:23 TLV 
“And while they were eating, He took matzah; and after He offered the bracha, He broke it and gave it to them and …” 
“What I say to you I say to all: ‘Stay alert!’””
Mark 13:37 TLV 
“So watch in case, coming suddenly, he finds you asleep.”
Mark 13:36 TLV 
“Therefore stay alert, for you do not know when the master of the house is coming, whether in the evening, at midn…” 
““Keep on the lookout! Stay alert! For you do not know when the time is.”
Mark 13:33 TLV 
“Heaven and earth will pass away, but My words will never pass away.”
Mark 13:31 TLV 
“So also, when you see all these things happening, know that it is near, at the door.”
Mark 13:29 TLV 
“And then they will see ‘the Son of Man coming in clouds’ with great power and glory. Then He will send out the an…” 
““But in those days, after that trouble, ‘the sun will be darkened, and the moon will not give its light, and the …” 
“For false messiahs and false prophets will rise up and show signs and wonders to lead astray, if possible, the ch…” 
“And you will be hated by all because of My name, but the one who endures to the end will be saved.”” 
“When they arrest you and hand you over, do not worry beforehand about what to say. Say whatever is given to you i…” 
“The Good News must first be proclaimed to all the nations.”
Mark 13:10 TLV 
““Watch out for yourselves! They will hand you over to the courts, and you will be beaten in the synagogues. You w…” 
“For they all put in from their surplus; but she, out of her poverty, put in everything she had, her whole living.”” 
“Calling His disciples over, He said to them, “Amen, I tell you, this poor widow has put in more than all those co…” 
“If David himself calls Him ‘Lord,’ in what way is He his son?” And the large crowd was listening to Him with deli…” 
“David himself, through the Ruach ha-Kodesh, said, ‘ ADONAI said to my Lord, “Sit at My right hand, until I put Yo…” 
“And ‘to love Him with all the heart, with all the understanding, and with all the strength,’ and ‘to love the nei…” 
You like a brother to me 
“The second is this, ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment greater than these.”” 
Giants, sea monsters and other amazing encounters!
“And you shall love ADONAI your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind, and with …” 
“Yeshua answered, “The first is, ‘ Shema Yisrael, ADONAI Eloheinu, ADONAI echad. Hear, O Israel, the Lord our God,…” 
“He’s not the God of the dead, but of the living. You have gone far astray!””
Mark 12:27 TLV 
When u nut inside, but she hit you with the "I took care of it" 
“Then Yeshua said to them, “Give to Caesar the things that are Caesar’s, and to God the things that are God’s.” An…” 
“They brought one. And He said to them, “Whose image is this? And whose inscription?” “Caesar’s,” they said to Him.” 
“This came from ADONAI, and it is marvelous in our eyes.’””
Mark 12:11 TLV 
Just know that my uncles will pull out ur nudes during lobola negotiations 
“Haven’t you read this Scripture? ‘The stone which the builders rejected, this has become the chief cornerstone.” 
“Whenever you stand praying, if you have anything against anyone, forgive him, so that your Father in heaven may a…” 
“For this reason I say to you, whatever you pray and ask, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.” 
“Amen, I tell you, if someone says to this mountain, ‘Be taken up and thrown into the sea,’ and does not doubt in …” 
“And Yeshua answered, saying to them, “Have faith in God!”
Mark 11:22 TLV 
“And He began to teach them, saying, “Is it not written, ‘My house shall be called a house of prayer for all the n…” 
“and He wouldn’t let anyone carry goods through the Temple.”
Mark 11:16 TLV 
“Then they came to Jerusalem. And He entered the Temple and started to drive out those selling and buying in the T…” 
“Blessed is the coming kingdom of our father David! Hoshia-na in the highest!””
Mark 11:10 TLV 
“Those going before and those following kept shouting, “ Hoshia-na! Baruch ha-ba b’shem ADONAI! Blessed is He who …” 
“Yeshua said to him, “Go! Your faith has made you well.” Instantly he regained his sight and began following Yeshu…” 
“Many were warning him to be quiet; but he kept crying out all the more, “ Ben-David, have mercy on me!”” 
“For even the Son of Man did not come to be served, but to serve, and to give His life as a ransom for many.”” 
“Yet it is not this way among you. But whoever wants to be great among you shall be your servant,” 
“But many who are first will be last, and the last first.””
Mark 10:31 TLV 
“who will not receive a hundred times as much now in this time, houses and brothers and sisters and mothers and ch…” 
““Amen, I tell you,” Yeshua replied, “there is no one who has left house or brothers or sisters or mother or fathe…” 
“Looking at them, Yeshua said, “With men it is impossible, but not with God. For all things are possible with God!”” 
“Looking at him, Yeshua loved him and said, “One thing you lack. Go, sell as much as you have, and give to the poo…” 
“Amen, I tell you, whoever does not receive the kingdom of God like a little child will never enter it!”” 
“But when Yeshua saw this, He got angry. He told them, “Let the little children come to Me! Do not hinder them, fo…” 
“And if she divorces her husband and marries another, she is committing adultery.””
Mark 10:12 TLV 
“And He said to them, “Whoever divorces his wife and marries another commits adultery against her.” 
“Therefore what God has joined together, let no man separate!””
Mark 10:9 TLV 
“For this reason a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and the two shall become one f…” 
“Salt is good; but if the salt becomes unsalty, with what will you flavor it? Have salt in yourselves, and keep sh…” 
“If your eye causes you to stumble, tear it out! It is better for you to enter the kingdom of God with one eye tha…” 
““And if your hand causes you to stumble, cut it off! It is better for you to enter into life crippled than, havin…” 
“For whoever gives you a cup of water to drink in My name because you belong to Messiah, amen I tell you, he will …” 
““Whoever welcomes one of these children in My name, welcomes Me; and whoever welcomes Me, welcomes not Me but the…” 
“Sitting down, He called the Twelve and said to them, “If any man wants to be first, he shall be least of all and …” 
“for He was teaching His disciples and telling them, “The Son of Man is going to be delivered into the hands of me…” 
“And He said to them, “This kind cannot come out except by prayer.””
Mark 9:29 TLV 
““‘If You can’?” Yeshua said to him. “All things are possible for one who believes!” Immediately the boy’s father …” 
 solelinksWW nobody copping without a bot or backdoor.
They r preparing 4 war bt they do not know it is 2016- not 1971! A plane move will commence a world war. Better watch it, fools! 
 Patriots
“Yeshua was telling them, “Amen, I tell you, there are some standing here who will never taste death until they se…” 
And of course log sensible tweets like nahi kartay :') I'm sick of this irony now... 
Qle Calor Mrk
Sr. Vilchez class collaborating!  4Cs  FHSTsinaction 
listening to SOUTH BEATS Revolvers
 ARLZ Pharma up 5% under HEAVY ACCUMULATION  today ahead of Oct Drug launch!  JNJ  PFE  MRk  VRX  Apple  GOOG  MYL  BIIB  CELG  REGN  AKRX -
 charNholz 11/10 snuggly af
Getting some Head from your Main while I cruise..
 mrk_jawed hahaha reddit's addiction is lethal!
 08meghana  yaa..they hv created a new bench mrk of story telling on indian Television  Devakshikishaadi  KuchRangPyarKeAiseBhi
Redditing all day long because... love has no time constraints or limits or reasons. :')  redditaddict
 knkykupl 
Catchy tune MrK…serenading C always works 😉
I liked a  YouTube video from  unboxtherapy Massive 38-inch Monitor = Mind Blown!
these signs will accompany those who believe: 
End of a era for  MrK it doesn't seem that long ago he started just… 
I liked a  YouTube video from  unboxtherapy Unboxing Every iPhone 7 & iPhone 7 Plus
Another  realestate property sold! Experience the  SothebysRltyCan difference.  Toronto 
“Jesus looked at them and said, 'With man this is impossible, but not with God; all things are possible with God.'" 
 Javierlis03 Eeeej, mrk valorate):
22  “Have faith in God,” Jesus answered. 
24Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.   
“He went on: “What comes out of a person is what defiles them. For it is from within, out of a person’s heart, tha…” 
Your hiring process probably sucks — these 8 hiring tips don't  
 danbeames  mrkhndy I was up for it but Mrk just let it die. Very poor.
Royal LePage Burloak Real  Estate Services donates  31,000 to local organizations 
I'm say having dinner with the owner now 👌 
Mrk 2:15 And it came to pass, that, as Jesus sat at meat in his house, many publicans and sinners sat also together with… FridayFeeling 1/2
Fell asleep at 10 last night & woke up rn
|LIVE NOW| Veterans Conservation Corps trail work at Sloan Canyon National Conservation Area.   meerkat 
MoneyView is the first Money Manager to launch in 6 Indian languages. Spread the word & win big  ContestAlert  
Moto Z International Giveaway!  
Moto Z International Giveaway! [3 Phones]  Moto  AndroidAuth 
Merck Top news - Sep 23rd, 2016  Merck 
|LIVE NOW| For Sale  meerkat 
The serene, divine & Spiritual Varanasi looking so beautiful!  CarreraIndia  TravelWithCarrera 
Dahil kay maymay, i know my dream to meet  lizasoberano will come true. 😤😌🙏
"“It Will Be Yours”
What a promise for our prayers! “Whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have... 
Mrk 13:7 And when ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars, be ye not troubled: for such things must needs be; but the… JackClifford 1/2
「And the gospel must first be published among all nations.」
Mark 13:10 KJV 
How To Change Your Personality 
 Merck very interesting route to bypass slow CFDA process and beats  BGNE and  BMY to be first anti-PD1 into China mkt
Brand new Etios is the safest car & has got 4 stars from GNCAP  NewPlatinumEtios  Toyota_Etios  
 ajayhere  Merck_herE
[study_frontend] Yuichi Murata - babel_es2015: add lint targets
the best part of re;zero is all the memes
Tonight!!! 20:00 - 22:00 
sees yuri on ice
sees the character designer being of 3.3.7 Byooshi and Again
!!!! I AM EXCITED?? I want to see her art moove
 SrBachchan ji congrats to ur entire starcast for dedicating a fine film thru  Pink to make a mrk in chauvinist and mbisogynist society
 BMY  Merck
If Opdivo PFS in > 50% PD L1 = Keytruda, what will be  BMY price ?
 CamillaSellsFL  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Camilla Howard  CamillaSellsFL a Realtor with high customer service standards, South Florida 
 CamillaSellsFL a Realtor with high customer service standards, South Florida 
Thanks to our highest interactor:  Real_Estate_Mrk
Fcking tired
PHARMA to RALLY BIGTIME when TRUMP wins debate on Monday.
-  Merck  JNJ  MYL  LLY  BMY  AMGN  NVS  GSK  QQQ  SPY
Sleepyyyyyy
Not yet done but almost there
Nancy Nardin’s Advice on Using Technology to Drive Sales Excellence - Blog - 
NEWS: Must read reports: &  Merck  CLNE  GIS  CTSH  CTIC  NBR  SKTO  AJG  PCTY
 Merck_290  GetBritCycling  WMPolice  BhamCityCouncil If you drive near me it's in my interests that you know the rules.
 edspindrift  GetBritCycling  WMPolice  BhamCityCouncil I don't see you included in the question..  bellend  OnYirBike
Recent  Merck technical alerts: Shooting Star Candlestick plus 5 more alerts... 
Students:  If you are interested in either environment or energy security take note. 
 Options  maxpain chart for  Merck. Free stock station app  iTunes 
Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye…
Enlighten me
 MarshaPaulLLC  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Marsha   MarshaPaulLLC   who specializes in luxury homes, has a gorgeous home in Northbridge   1,325,000.00. 
"THE EDM SHOW"
Tonigh 20:00 - 22:00   FeelFamous Radio 
By SOUTH BEATS Revolvers 
 mrkhndy  SteveWhitehill also obviously Mrk prefers me.
 Merck_290  GetBritCycling  WMPolice  BhamCityCouncil You will find the answer in the Highway Code when you learn to drive
Believe
“So Jesus answered and said to them, “Have faith in God. For assuredly, I say to you, whoever says to... 
 GetBritCycling  WMPolice  BhamCityCouncil Whats the plans for  cyclists who are more then 0.75M from the kerb ? Or travelling two a breast?
“And you must love the LORD your God with all your heart, all your soul, all your mind, and all your strength.’” 
 Michel_Cendana Nope, that colour should be banned.. :)
BBC News - Arrest over ‘hanging’ effigies of  Rangers fans at  Celtic game  JustBanter  Glasgow  HavingALaugh
BBC News - Ig Nobel win for Alpine 'goat man' Eh ? Ok then..
"And I was like mrk o sea that's my best friend you're out of boundaries."  player
HER Fashion Editorial 
 photoshoot:  attilaudvardi 
 styling:  kissmarkdesign 
 hairstyle:  sofia_eszteri 🏆HCCC 1.p… 
 FinancialReview  jacobgreber  biggest mrk of Australia, with such an impact on the econ. But no listing is registered through a gov portal.
Almost
of course! 
Ok, can someone give me a reason why you would use a night vision camera when driving ?  audi  s8 
 AGEN  Merck  INCY:
Agenus’ Immuno-Oncology Pipeline Has Promise:
 MichelleMBB18  Sara_Merck  mewchell proud? She floated not much to be proud of.
 BeautifuListing  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Anyone know if  BMY or  Merck provided Anti-PD1 compassionate use to employee before approval? Or has any biopharma co embraced such a policy?
Hello everyone! How are y'all? :)
BBC News - MG to cease production in the UK 
Another beautiful listing from  BeautifuListing  private Costa Bella Mediterranean estate  
I got the best news of the week last night...there is a very good chance  aklage77 is coming down state in October  happyFRIDAY
I assure you: If anyone says to this mountain, ‘Be lifted up and thrown into the sea,’ and does not doub…… 
 nvax sees  zika vaccine as potential commercial product?!  gsk  mrk  jnj   gs   alxn  bmy  kerx  clvs  ZikaVirus… 
 nvax determined to rebound after failed ph 3!  gsk  mrk  jnj   gs   alxn  bmy  kerx  clvs  ZikaVirus  wfc  exas 
 nvax claims to have made best  Ebola vaccine?!  gsk  mrk  jnj   gs   alxn  bmy  kerx  clvs  ZikaVirus  wfc  exas 
 caseofdees Ach get...  zonaar  ikleefmee
To be a leader of anyone, you must first be a servant of everyone.  leadership  
Data Analyst - Hemel Hempstead - Merck Associates  jobsearch  careers 
 VidmateOfficial Wanted to become a pilot & fly high 🛩
 Arijit10Sinha
 nitin_cul
 aziznava1
 blessedkamal
 smojawala
 BuddhuAAM
 Merck_herE
Mrk 16:20 And they went forth, and preached every where, the Lord working with them, and confirming the word with signs… MikeAshley 1/2
POT STOCKS-heating up ahead of Nov 8 Legalization vote-  KAYS pure play retail   FB  Apple  GOOG  TSLA   NVDA  SPY… 
Hello to my new friends  Real_Estate_Mrk  Missiga_Living 
click like    LifeinSWFL  PuntaGorda  Realtor
Don't miss d Big Billion Day Sale Dhamaka  Flipkart  ,its gonna be bigger, better & super hot
 ItneMeinItnaaaaMilega
 Merck_herE  kajol_saxena
if it makes you happy, no one else's opinion should matter  kudzy  mrk 
Falleci mrk
bid4assets as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you free promo tweets. We'd love to do more! 
5 reasons to invest in U.S. Real Estate and  Bid4Assets is a fantastic site to do it on.   
 mrkhndy hi Mrk. Where are you flying to?
Successful  bidding tips from   bid4assets  which is a very successful  realestate site. 
“He said to her, “Daughter, your faith has healed you. Go in peace and be freed from your suffering.”” 
My opinion is most are hypocrites... 
 Todd_Finch  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Jack   JackGuttentag  is a leading consumer advocate on mortgages & Emeritus Prof. Finance at the Wharton School.  
Right... 
 scoperealty  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
You can trust Todd  Todd_Finch of  Comey & Shepherd Realtors in Cincinnati with all your real estate needs. 
We go our own shit to deal with here n you want us to go to another country to deal with their shit 
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  V  Apple  Boeing  P&G  Intel  CAT  JPM  MMM  CSCO  MSFT  UNH  Merck  GS  AXP  HD  MCD  IBM  Walmart   
Weekly Dow  Stocks Performance  UNH  Boeing  Intel  MMM  CAT  V  TRV  KO  HD  AXP  JPM  CSCO  MSFT  P&G  MCD  Merck  more  
Scope Realty  scoperealty is a Boutique Agency offering complete financial services in Perth's Western Suburbs  
Mrk 9:31 For he taught his disciples, and said unto them, The Son of man is delivered into the hands of men, and they… FlashbackFriday 1/2
Property Finance Now  PFOnlineNow Spring has come early to Brisbane’s real estate market … 
 PFOnlineNow  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
"Have  faith in  God,"  Jesus  answered
Mark 11;22
Mrk "his feelings" lol alright then.  
Sound advice from Luvanex Group   luvanex  
 luvanex  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
“And Jesus said to him, "'If you can'! All things are possible for one who believes."”
Mark 9:23 ESV 
 ZondaRealEstate  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more 
"7 Ways to Prep Your Home for Winter" courtesy of Zonda Real Estate  ZondaRealEstate 
Doug Risher  DHRisher has some beautiful properties for sale 
"Sydney's Spring market has delivered a booming property blitz to our sellers."  Carol Johnson  CarolJohnson08 
Thanks for the recent follow  iamjameshaarsma  _CleberL  swagperroni Happy to connect :) have a great Friday. (via 
Jimmy  JimmyBurgess8 is a Speaker/Author & contributing writer for  the  huffingtonpost  InmanNews &  Entrepreneur 
"25 Rules For Being a Great Real Estate Agent" from Jimmy Burgess   JimmyBurgess8 
  realtor  homesales  realestate
Another superb video from James  jamescdwyer "What and how much do I need for closing costs!"  …
 TriiiXz you shut the hell up
 X__Merck  iiDa7m1 shut the hell up
Now  OpenForInspection with  GregGilbertRE  
New  luxury Dubai  RealEstate Palm 360: courtesy of  DubaiMortgages  Dubai’s best views? 
California Executive Realty's Lisa L. Jensen  LisaLJensen is an outstanding  Broker/CEO in SF Bay Area. 
Homes4All SD   Homes4AllSD    Buys and Sells Commercial Properties 
Post edited: MP3: Omar Sterling (R2Bees) – Casino (Freestyle) One half of R2Bees Omar Sterling (Paedae) is fin 
Gina Frattini  remax2000agent is an experienced Realtor with Remax 2000 in PA 
It does not matter what others are doing. What matters is what YOU are doing.  mrk
 shopclues  ReachOnShopClues Join here friends  VHetal  924Karan  genver1  Mrk_here  dantus19  Nive1109
 Brussels  Jobs Merck Recruitment & HR Services - Digital Project Manager - Brussels: Merck Recruit...  BrusselsJobs
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.  quotes  life  courage  mrk
I used to admire people with luxuries. now I admire people with inner peace  mrk
Cairns North Qld Australia 
 ivorymagic25  RKs_lovely  Inception700  I don't really worry that she won't be no1...just have amazing movies /performances and leave a mrk
sareal? 
Let me love you
Where are you now?
Time to go
Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and…
December Ave's
I'm latching on babe
Useless
I bliv those people like our parents cldnt be more happier other thn seeing org yg mrk sayang... happy dan berjaya dunia akhirat.
off lotion hahaha
Top  Dow  Stocks Year-to-date CAT Merck MMM UNH Walmart CSCO JNJ VZ IBM P&G CVX Intel Apple  
Top  Dow  Stocks Weekly UNH Boeing Intel MMM CAT V TRV KO HD AXP JPM CSCO MSFT P&G MCD Merck DIS  
Top  Dow  Stocks Today P&G DIS UTX KO Boeing CSCO Apple VZ JPM UNH TRV GE GS AXP Merck HD JNJ MCD  
Top Trends  Dow  Stocks V Apple P&G Boeing Intel CAT JPM CSCO MMM MSFT UNH GS Merck AXP HD MCD IBM  
Top  Dow  Stocks Uptrend P&G Boeing Apple UNH Merck JNJ MCD Intel V MSFT CAT  
bagot.
I liked a  YouTube video Srecko Merck
New Post: MP3: Omar Sterling (R2Bees) – Casino (Freestyle)  
 automall_india  GuessTheAutoBrand  AutoMall2016 Join here friends!  girija_kriz  VHetal  Mrk_here  Johnson_Ganesh  Sarathkevinjoy
Thanks for the recent follow  bieberlandia  trickfollowhelp  amazain94 Happy to connect :) have a great Friday. >> 
JUST LISTED!  Experience the  SothebysRltyCan difference.  Toronto
 
[basic-dev] Yuichi Murata - vimperatorrc: fix an issue of autocomplete not working on Firefox 49
Just arrived .. Mr K luxe gold evening gown . 
 Belgium  Jobs Merck Recruitment & HR Services - Senior Software Architect -… >> For More Jobs – Please Go2 Our Page!
I use  Dingtone to make free phone calls, send free texts, and have fun in Walkie Talkie mode! It's FREE! 
The latest Today in Real Estate! Thanks to  BramptonWatch  Real_Estate_Mrk  BerkEdge
Everyone has their time ma, mine will come too  QuestionsSinglesFace  bharatmatrimony  roma_cream  hidden_keys  Merck_herE
 Avhsprincipal  MrK_FHS 
Your phenomenal students! 
 shinleea yes, that's why mrk bgitu. ㄱ.ㄱ
Check this out: 5 Biggest CIO Communications Problems, Solved - 
Merck NO PROMESES, BoeingD REPUTATION, ROSES, LIGHTS ON, UNDERSTAND, TODAASS JHSDJFG NECESITO MAYÚSCULAS + GRANDES  illuminateatmidnight
Brand new Listing from Carmen Real Estate  CarmenLeal78  Townhouse in Downtown/Yaletown Area 
 delarosamarcel2  ey no mrk
can't stand inconsiderate mfs man 
god i wanna fckin mrk someone rn im heated
Six Great Ways To Create a Winning Digital Experience - Bright Vessel 
This can only happen in a  democracy 😪 
 lindsay_mrk aww thank you💜
“The second is this: ‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no commandment greater than these.” 
Fea mrk 
Mrk yo soy un betta
Thought you might find this new productivity tool helpful: Try OneNote Staff Notebook for Education 
Mrk tin :(((((((
 RealEstate_Mrk I followed you back with 
Mrk no me cargan los tweets
FB B2Gold Corp. Exchange
Read More --> 
 FB  Merck  XLU  stockmarket
I really dont want to ask money from my parents. Rasa mcm membebankn mrk jk . Makan instant mee jk lh 😂
NOOOOO Merck
Tom who?!  JacobyBrissett  TNF
TSLA Baidu, Inc. Ask Size
 TSLA  XOM  Merck  finance
Friday   TGF : New Jap Beauty*Nicole*~Merck~... Blonde Spinner*Cece*~DT~...!! 
Mrk, que triste.
holsyhit i saw some vol 9 ln for re zero and
regulus;;;;;; THE WHITE HAIR MAN I CANT HELP IT
 Merck Keytruda maintains 20% share, 1L Lung data expected at ESMO in Oct.
Merck’s Keytruda posted US gross sales of  71M in August,
 MrK_FHS  ChefKFoothill I was fortunate to taste one of these amazing treats! Thank you  Falcon chefs!
Five ways to live in the moment while hustling - PRSUIT 
Get The Look: Natural Elements Mixing With Colorful Textiles  from Jessica Roberts  MyREBroker  
 GormanCommREas a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Strata Retail Market Heats Up - Gorman Commercial  GormanCommRE Sold 3 in Glenferrie Road, Hawthorn 
 MyREBroker as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
 leftytwylite  mrk_bennett Water has kept me alive through many long days of work.
 leftytwylite  StephOKingston Sounds just like hospo. "If you can stand and speak thats all we really need!"
 StephOKingston  mrk_bennett Sounds like the infantryt. My last PL's motto was "Drink water and drive on" whenever someone was suckin.
 StephOKingston As soon as I tweeted I remembered my time in hospitality. Was very much like that.
 mrk_bennett Not really an option in our line of work unfortunately. In hospitality you work til you die.
Season 12 is now on Netflix 🙌🏽 
 _NATIONALREALTYas a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Check out this fabulous listing from J Martin Orlando MBoeing  KentCoDeRealtor 
NIA NATIONAL REALTY  _NATIONALREALTY of Paramus, NJ Have some great listings on their site 
 KentCoDeRealtor as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
 ColoREstate  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Katie Coleman  ColoREstate tels us of the hidden expenses of building your own house …
 tigereyeps as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
So true! Quote Of The Day from our friends at Tiger Eye Property  tigereyeps   Tigereyeproperty 
coxymla: Win a Play-Doh Ice Cream Castle Worth  32.99 from Kinderling Kids Radio 
offtoschool. late again.
 AllotRealty as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Some common tricks to watch out for from Allot Realty  AllotRealty 
|LIVE NOW|  HappyHourOfCode Ep 2 Day one  meerkat 
Secrets to Selling Your Home Fast from Mark Spain  MarkSpainTeam 
 MarkSpainTeam as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 MGigger Well CDC trusted her judgement & Merck happy to have her. She bats for your side so what's interesting about her?
Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. Purchases 22 Shares of Merck & Co.  Merck 
So sad that all Dr's are not incorruptible  like Gerbeding.  Her ushering thru the hpv vacc & her  2.5 million move… 
Peoples Financial Services CORP. Has  940,000 Stake in Merck & Co.  Merck 
This is how the  pharma industry turns  horse blood into  profits  MerckAH  Canada  USA 
This is how the pharma industry turns  horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 Merck Sick of all this greenwashing/lies. What eg. about the hormones fr. horse blood farms that are used to boost pig reproduction rates?
From horse blood farms to pork industry: cruelly ironic cycle of animal exploitation, pls. sign  merck  animalabuse
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  STOP THIS NOW!
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Good gawd! What have we become?  pathetic
Breeding horses to extract their blood so we can grow pigs quicker. Hmm  MerckAH 
I couldn’t imagine my son growing up without a mom. No family should! See what Merck for Mothers is doing about... 
Big Pharma no boundries
ICYMI:  Bayer's due diligence errors with  Merck deal overshadow  MonsantoCo purchase 
This crushes my heart. This why I like animals more than people. 
Sanofi Sues Merck Over Proposed Insulin Glargine Biosimilar | by  goodwinlaw
Truly disgusting -This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
For the love of all creatures, sign n share -This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Big  pharma spending  marketing vs. R&D.  Novartis  pfizer  Roche  sanofi  Merck  AstraZeneca  JNJNews  GSK… 
Listen back to our  SeaSymphony here on Sep 26th  d_phil_merck  DRock_baritone  josephbastian81  VaughanWilliams 
 This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Horrifying! This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Never even heard of this but it sounds like a nightmare... Horse blood sucking? Really  MerckAH? 
GD&I Experience month continues with  Diversity visibility tables at the  Merck sites. Much thanks to the teams! 
 vaxchoiceeast  miles_wilma this has nothing to do with Merck. It has to do with a bad study ending up in a journal.
This is how the pharma industry turns  horse blood into profits.  vegan  signandshare 
 
No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality.... 
(humans are twisted little critters) This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Please Sign 2 stop  HorseTorture - This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 sjz1983  peer reviewed, it was accepted with revisions then retracted -  conflict of interest, Merck involvement via Dr. Poland
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into pig shaped profits  MerckAH 
Patti Merck Lance brought her grandson to Vegas Nights in Marion Saturday- he had a great time, and got an... 
The Horse, Merck Partner for Rabies Education Week 
how pharma industry breeds horses to extract their blood for  profits  MerckAH  BigPharma  AnimalAbuse  Argentina
 DiligentTruth  MerckAH If you care about animals, not living tortured lives, please sign this petition and retweet. 
HOW LOW WILL PHARMAS SINK FOR MONEY? HATEFUL
Fall is nice bc you can wear big hoodies/sweaters and no one knows how fat you truly are
Hold up! What in the hell does T. Pryor have in his hair!? He looks like Janet Jackson in poetic justice. Explain  T_Michelle08  southpaw533
 NealDriscoll still got a chance
Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality. Learn more about their efforts & join the movement   ad
The NFL reminds me of business in America. There are a lot of people assigned to lead that has no concept of leadership or development.
 Kaepernick7 should have clarified to the defense when to take a knee. Looks like they waited for the game to start.
 NealDriscoll I think Bortles is talented. They suck at coaching and player development.
With all of the raw talent the Jags have, it's clear to see that it's coaching. This may be Gus Bradley's last game as the Jags coach.  nfl
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits. PLEASE SIGN THIS PETITION  MerckAH 
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH   AnimalAbuse
This is how the pharma industry tortures horses and turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the  pharma  industry turns horse  blood into  profits  MerckAH 
This is how the  pharmaceutical  industry turns  horse  blood into  profits  MerckAH 
& puts torture hormone in yr food

 Bigpharma  pfizer  GSK  Merck and surely many others  ProfitOverLife should be criminalized everywhere. 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Please sign, important to stop this
Cut ties with horse blood farms!
Sickening: This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
The couple who live across the road from me are goals. They have a cute small house, two kids, a dog and a cat. They're so happy. I'm crying
Delicious! - Drinking a Dawn of the Red by  NinkasiBrewing   Merck - Building 45 Loading Dock  —  photo
MERCK - BULLISH Strategy   Merck 
Link: This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Argentina/Uruguay Sign to stop this!
Please sign -This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
S/o to  AnElaHub for showing care towards Coach Merck and the xc team.  togetherwefly
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits. Sign this!  MerckAH 
Horrible exploitation of  horses!
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  BigPharma
 MerckAH 
 allanbrauer  SarmaVishnu2  DrJillStein  Merck appreciate it
 mehals  SarmaVishnu2  DrJillStein  Merck and here's the FEC filing: 
Please sign the petition to ask  Merck not to be cruel to  horses. Thank you  MerckAH 
Sign the petition to tell MSD to stop profiting from animal torture and cut ties with blood farms immediately… 
 StopAnimalCruelty !!!! This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Waitaminute,  DrJillStein owns Merck stock? 😹😹😹 REALLY??? so really she does know  vaccineswork. 
Sickening!!! This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
SIGN! This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits:  MerckAH  Cruelty, bleeding  horses 4 profit!
 allanbrauer  SarmaVishnu2  DrJillStein  Merck source? Am curious
 SarmaVishnu2  DrJillStein owns more than  500K in  merck stock.
Global Solid Phase Extraction (SPE) Consumables Market 2016 - Agilent Technologies, Merck, Waters, GE Whatman  pr
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Sign the  petition
Ghastly, please sign and share ...This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 BirdgirlUK There is a petition on this.
VAXXED: Ex Merck Rep Warns Parents Of Vaccine Dangers via  YouTube
This is how the pharma industry takes horse blood to get a hormone to raise pins with  MerckAH 
This is how the  pharma industry turns  horse blood into profits  MerckAH  AnimalRights
Laid-off pharma reps: admit straight a signification imaginary although the managers near schering, merck, torse wyeth reflection: FArNIsO
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits 
Don't get me wrong, the drug pushers are more responsible. Merck, etc knew the side effects.  They just didn't care. (2/3)
Unmasking Your Thyroid with Merck thyroid.ph 
Sign the  Petition  MSD  Animal Health Cut ties with  bloodfarms that  torture &  exploit  horses for  PMSG  hormone
I knew a tragic, sick ex blood-mare - How the pharma industry cruelly turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  
 Merck Thank you.
Merck Pharmaceutical promotes Thyroid Awareness Mo... 
summer internship Merck 2016: via  YouTube
If you care even in the slightest way about animals, you'll want to sign this  SumOfUs petition: Please do!
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH   horses  animalrights  torture  compassion
 Merck Where is that indictment FBI?  ImWithHer Dont want to end up on the  ClintonDeathList? 
 Merck  Clinton removes black activist from rally for calling out her super predator comment.  BlackLivesMatter 
 Merck is exploring applications for the  blockchain within  healthcare, 12.jul.2016
 wtaylortx Thanks for reaching out. For questions about our products, please contact the National Service Center at wecare merck.com.
Merck Animal Health Presents Foals Of 2016: Nyquist, Cathryn Sophia 
 Almokx thanks for reaching out. For questions about our products, please contact the National Service Center at wecare merck.com.
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
This shocked me to the core. "This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits"  MerckAH 
Stop the blood farms! It´s just so uncivilized!  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  OMFG!
Merck & Co.  Merck Position Raised by KLCM Advisors Inc. 
Horrific! Stop the cruelty by the pharma industry in turning horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management Sells 1,757 Shares of Merck & Co… 
Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management Sells 1,757 Shares of Merck & Co.  Merck 
The tortue hormone: This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Pls sign - TELL  BigPharma  Merck to cut ties with  Cruel horse-blood farms - legalized brutal  AnimalCruelty -... 
From man flu to stomach upset, MCH brands can help save the day. Dont let illness stop your curiosity!  CatchCurious 
ANIMAL TORTURE: Please sign:  BigPharma turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  animals  horses  Argentina
Merck vaccine scientist Dr. Maurice Hilleman admitted presence of SV40, AIDS and cancer viruses in vaccines (2011)
SHUTDOWN MERCK'S HORSE BLOOD FARMS!!! 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push: 
How the  pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Totally disgusting! 🐴
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  PharmaGreed doesnt stop with Humans
 BiancaJagger  itsmepanda1  Here is link 
The Horse, Merck Partner for Rabies Education Week -  equestrian  horse  equine
Your vision of the future extends well beyond the limits of th... More for Aquarius 
"A recent investigation by the German NGO Animal Welfare Foundation and their partners in Uruguay and the US... 
Please sign the petition!  This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 CustomerSpotlight  Merck’s Dr. Howell to share new antiviral &  vaccine  drugdiscovery study. Learn more  pphsummit
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  horses  bigpharma
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH PLEASE SIGN AND RETWEET
This is fucked up  MerckAH 
Why does anyone, any  government, any sane person trust pharmaceutical giants like  Merck?
Unmasking Your Thyroid with Merck thyroid.ph on  bloglovin
This is how the pharmaceutical industry turns horse blood into profits:  MerckAH 
For my friends who... 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  petition
Wonderful to catch up  priya__agrawal and discuss healthcare transformation. Excited to hear about your new position  Merck  goodluck
Horses tortured for their blood to help pigs reproduce more often and increase profits all round  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  CSR
 BonesZk  herbjamie you didn't even bother to read the vaccine insert link given by Merck, the CDC is not a drug company.  I am done.
 Horseslaughter  bloodfarms  horseblood This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 BonesZk  herbjamie so the Merck listed ingredients is a lie - they list out their own ingredients on their own site yet it's BS?
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH - stop them now?
Sign the petition | This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH PLEASE SIGN AND SHARE!!
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits .  MerckAH 
I have more things planned for a November Friday night than I do for my birthday this week
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits . MerckAH 
Saddened. 😔This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 animalrights This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
So gross you'll want to sign this! This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Really! 😢🐎 This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Is there no limit to human greed & cruelty?
 BonesZk  herbjamie the first link is from merck itself, if you do not understand the terminology the second link might be more helpful
 BonesZk  herbjamie i am so sorry I did not react quick enough and you must not have access to google!  Dear god! 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits—Please sign the petition to stop it  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH.
Please, sign the  SumOfUs campaign.
We owe everything to horses.  animalcruelty This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Plz SIGN & SHARE!!
PLEASE SIGN SOS HORSES 
Gardasil vaccine made by Merck Inc contains chemicals incl sodium borate a common roach killer causing unconsciousness, seizures and death
Pharma-Mafia at it again. Save these majestic Beings - Pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Utterly disgusting
Horrific. This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  animalresearch  AnimalRights
What a shocking, cruel process, BoeingN IT
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time -  Former Doct...
Sign the petition to stop pharma industries from turning horse blood into profits 
Please sign and help stop this > This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
If you are a meat eater pls read this. This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  Owen_Smith  Theresa_May  Jeremy_Corbyn
The Horse, Merck Partner for Rabies Education Week: 
Read about how the pharma industry causes misery to horses for profit  MerckAH  animals
Dear World,
Come off it. 
I mean really.
Jared x
This is how big pharma turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of A ... - 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Please sign to stop this!  Horses
 merckgroup  Hi Merck, do you prefer a conservative or creative application in pharmaceutical branch?
This is how  BigPharma industry turns  horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 AnimalCruelty for  Profit
 MerckCancerTips - Eat a healthy diet and avoid processed foods to help prevent cancer. 
 MerckDiabetesTips - High blood sugar can cause complications such as excessive tiredness and urination 
This is how the pharma industry turns 
horse blood (from weakened, live animals) into profits 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  HorseyLovers  Horse  Pony  AnimalAdvocacy
 MerckCancerTips - Eat a healthy diet and avoid processed foods to help prevent cancer 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Please sign the petition & help stop this.
The Merck Manual of Diagnosis and Therapy (13th Edition) by Editors Robert Be... via  amazon
Petition calling on MSD Animal Health to cut ties with these blood farms:
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  Merck  EstherThePig
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH please sign
This is how the  pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
Everyone, please pray for Coach Merck. Today while we were running she was hit by a car and was taken to the hospital.  PrayForCoach
I was unaware of this outrage
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH - disgusting practice. Please sign...
Please sign this and retweet.  This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH I despise animal cruelty!
 CiplaArchives  GSKUS  Merck   PEPFAR  WHO 
World Pharmacist Day 
"Access to pharmacist is access to Health" 
Terrible 😕
Sign to ban farms that torture horses for hormone extraction.
Stop the torture of horses for their blood. This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH This is horrendous! Please sign petition :/
Interesting post "Merck's Former Doctor Predicts  Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time" 
Humanity before profit!!
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  CorporateGreed  MerckAH 
This is how the  pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  horses
Say 'No More' to abuse of horses Pharma industry drains blood from horses to make profits  MerckAH 
What's wrong with these people?! Pharma industry horrendous abuse of horses for profits, please sign!  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH Please sign petition
Folks, please sign this petition. This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH please sign this petition
Petition This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
😬😡 This is how the pharma industry turns  horses blood into profits  MerckAH 
CRUELTY TO HORSES ⚠️ This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH ❤️PLEASE SIGN
Chums. I don't post much about the horrors inflicted on animals. I did with angora, and I will with this. Please.
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH  animalrights
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits.This is insane.Pls help to end this cruelty   MerckAH 
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts  Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
Merck More Than A Mother - The Story of Empowering Khadijat Yaya, Nigeria: via  YouTube
Merck Atwood Oceanics Company Info
Read More --> 
 Merck  NCC.IN  DB  pennystocks
 CDCANews Is there a public database of court case verdicts? Enquiring about Pauley Perrette / David Merck.
CEO OF MERCK KEN FRAZIER VISIT TO DC MARCH 20-22; REQUEST TO MEET THE SECRETARY 
Jill Stein has  100,000+ in Merck stock. Merck makes vaccines, lots of them.  justsaying via  nsw43… 
 jeremy_curry  Merck it's pure poison.. 😞
Some great advice here!  Merck  leonard_ong  ISACANews 
“Merck More than a Mother” Supports Jackline Mwende – A Victim of Infertility Stigma in Kenya 
 PAULEYParody How is the Pauley Perrette / David Merck case going?  How did her bruises from the 'brutal attack' heal, overnight..?
. ap  TMZ Any update on the David Merck court case, re ALLEGED attack on  pauleyp? No verdict found online.. odd.
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - WSJ 
Unfortunately there are a number of things adding more 'Merck-i-ness' (excuse the pun) to the waters.
Turning a... 
 TheDheel  cosmosue  Merck link?
Downstream Production Manager Job - Merck - Elkhorn, NE 
 EMcCra2  clydeleesmith  CassieMcNaney >  kath2cats <linked 'proof' of independent research. It had lovely list of who'd pd Dr's... Merck!
Former CDC Head Sells 38,368 Shares Of Merck 
 amanda_merck hahahahahahha I love this too much
 LiveitRivet I don't like doing others' homework, but you can start by looking up "intersex" in the Merck Manual of Diagnosis and Therapy.
Try this Onion & Herb Chicken Breast BLT from  PerdueChicken  PerdueCrew  promotion - 
 CBCCanada  CBCNews PHARMA CBC! except merck and GSK are sponsors of yours, so YOU WONT ACTUALLY EVER EVER EVER TALK ABOUT IT  FUCBC
Merck Endo Pharmaceuticals Holdings, Inc. Financials
 Merck  AMI.TO  CBYL  stock
 gawdsez If you knew what I know about medicine you would pray every time you go to hospital!My Merck manual I donated to FBI older than you
 ad No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality
 PDOGGYBoeingLLS daphny have you ever met anyone who pronounces it "merck" unironically IRL i have and its really fucked up
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push 
 htu_unofficial  xpress_local  HTU_official unbiased ≠ uncritical. This is a Pfizer and Merck Frosst backed lobbyist they're publishing.
 artist4ever  NoProp61 proposition61 is being funded by major pharmaceutical com. Like Merck & Co. Pfizer and others. Go against big pharma
Thank you  Merck for sponsoring the  NASDAnews Annual Meeting  NASDAis100
【To date, most of the serious side effects, including deaths...have been written off as a “coincidence” by Merck researchers】
Horan Capital Management Boosts Position in Merck & Co.  Merck 
Merck & Co.  Merck Position Boosted by Rockland Trust Co. 
Add me on Snapchat! Username: klk-mrk 
|LIVE NOW|  TriumphantLifeChurch "Preparing for the Harvest" live  churchservice  meerkat 
 KnkyKupl  Spicybikers 
For you MrK...the playing field is open 😏
a nadie le importa mrk
Que paso mrk  FamososL4CR4SRumba 
Caught on their first date 😂  mrk  divu  cutties  romantic… 
|LIVE NOW|   meerkat 
3 ints since . Christ. 
 gabrielgalea0 donde mrk
Que arrecho mrk
Commented on StockTwits: Dan what do you think abt mrk this week 
 taembbr4t kadang dating nonceleb is the safest way, lol. but still mrk ttp hrs hati2 :)
Applying for jobs/internships cause me the most anxiety
 Cianaf hahaha, your  's are something else.
And the second is like, namely this, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself. There is none other command…
So Jesus answered and said to them, “Have faith in God.  For assuredly, I say to you, whoever says t…
  MarkCuban  GenniferFlowers  TrumpTrain  CNN  JakeTapper  4chan  infowars  msnbc welcome t… 
For knowledge only:
Where does this come from:
It is written in the prophet Yesha‘yahu, “See, I am sending my... 
Is your salvation up for grabs?
Don't ever cheapen His Grace, dilute His message or downplay His sacrifices for... 
|LIVE NOW|    meerkat 
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Just  Jesus Evangelistic Campaign - Day 269 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
mrk no he ido a clases (:
We’re going to science the shit out of it Immunotherapy  statnews  sxbegle  Merck  BMS  Immunotherapy 
Always fun with these lot  nishkam  upi  mrk  party  one  birthday… 
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Revive the  Family - Day 234 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
Model....Nika Hollingsworth 
MUA Kay Wrencher/ Beastly Beauty 
Photography by  mrk_visuals… 
 mrk_bennett Seconded
Model Tavia Lanee 
Photography by  mrk_visuals 
Designer and… 
MUA Kay Wrencher / Beastly Beauty
Designer and Stylist Nika… 
My lil' kitty Miya who's not so lil' anymore!😍😍😍😍 
Daylight savings can just go to hell.
 MrK_SoS_TF including 3rd party candidates
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Onward Christian Soldiers  137 🙏   discipleship  meerkat   meerkat 
 MrK_SoS_TF do you feel it is ok for someone to not vote if they truly do not like any of the options?
 Pr1tch  re_Claire  mrkhndy  Biltawulf You have opened the door for mrk to post the gif. I hope you are prepared.
 Pettybynature__ sign me up
In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make your paths straight. -Proverbs 3:6 🌞🙌
VGSLX BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc. Ex-Div Date
 VGSLX  Merck  XME  invest
Oh snap! "Part of Clinton’s smaller sum of mischaracterizations is because she simply said less." 
 4eyes_  mrkhndy I'm offended that you think I'm a stalker.  Sorry you're getting hassle Mrk.  
Your washing is dry, I'd bring it in now.
Just posted a photo 
 mrtcropper  mrkhndy hi Mrk. Have you recovered enough to tell me your notions woe?
 Nyobari we talking cumulative lies?  Or just the ones from the debate. Not sure there's enough space for cumulative
 jonathansfrakes  NewYorker  BorowitzReport Don't worry Trumpy. You've never been the type to concern yourself with facts anyways
 marla_mrk Can we add a lies counter on the bottom of the screen?
 Nyobari. Hey I am all in favor of a pop up video style fact checker. Might make the whole thing less than a giant waste of time and  
 marla_mrk Sadly, both candidates appear as untrustworthy, so what they claim as fact will immediately be rebuked by the other.
Obvio yo mrk 
 Nyobari trump would probably call that rigged
 mrkhndy what does he want with you Mrk?
Good morning y'all stay blessed
The Bryant crew  BossWedding 
It takes a lot of self control for me to walk out of a mall with only one thing
CER due tomorrow. Good luck!
NEVER.
volleyball pls :'(
Lmaooo nigga 
Miss Universe *
i miss watching Totally Spies.
just WOW! 
Yellow
Quick Hit.
Blocking skills.
No Assignment Week pls.
How to sleep early?
 robc4sinclair  hope your good brother 😢
 Steph_Kind you don't have any lips young lady
 Mrk_LFC openload
Kylie Lipstick.
 Kennekcolina_ mrk shh <3
2300 years later, Plato’s theory of consciousness is being backed up by neuroscience 
lose.
 LeahWarner1 yeah ya porker 😂😂😂
He's beauty and he's grace... 
In 1 hour: Liv & THE OHIO RIVER  meerkat 
 Mrk_arcadia When will Arcadia remake SV-51 toy ? 
|LIVE NOW|  LiveLivChat  meerkat 
choose it.
live*
LMAOOOOO Lions TRASH
|LIVE NOW| Good Shepherd Church Pasadena Worship Service. Begins 10:30  AM PST  meerkat 
pause
You will meet two kinds of people in life: ones who build you up and ones who tear you down. But in the end, you’ll thank them both.💃  mrk
I subscribed to you on Twitch I'm capeman420, in PSN MrK_316, if you have any room I'll appreciate it, thanks!
Big changesss are happening watch this space never been so sure that's all I'm saying in the matter
firstly no promos no telecast of this show but still it has made its mrk can uthink whyit's all because of the powerful story   DontEndEDKV
|LIVE NOW|  meerkat 
When the teachers of the law who were Pharisees saw him eating with the sinners and tax collectors, they asked... 
 AnupamPkher  timesofindia   Sir, we respect  u for that. 
 India  needs more people  like u.
Sundays are for  Lions  DETvsGB
My highlighter exploded but I'm still finishing up some reading before landing at  DC  TMobileWingman  NEA 
I love my  RingCentral phone system. One number for voice, fax, text. Request a demo.  ringcentral 
Check out my stream on  meerkat
And when you stand praying, if you hold anything against anyone, forgive them, so that your Father in he…… 
Top 12 DOW Stocks %Chg 5-Day Charts On 1 Pg 
 Boeing
 UTX
 JPM
 MCD
 CSCO
 UNH
 KO
 CVX
 HD
 MMM
 VZ
 Merck
 FernandaMoltedo mrk ql😢😢😢😢
 Jesus For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain,... 
that's all.
Hip Hop has been missing a soulful project like TRD Merck!  
Which is Slimkid3 (from the pharcyde) & Nu Mark (from... 
IT Functional Analyst Investment  Brussels  Merck RECRUITMENT & HR SERVICES check de vacature op jobviewtrack
 mrkhndy Where are my underpants, mrk?
 Merck_290 lol fair play!
And you must love the Lord your God with all your heart, all your soul, all your mind, and all your s…… 
This is how we trust: by crying out 'Lord, help my unbelief!'  davidrogers814  Synergy  Trust! 
God Effect 
This hella sad 
“Jesus said, “If? There are no ‘ifs’ among believers. Anything can happen.””
Mark 9:23 MSG 
Noodles atm.
Jesus replied, “You hypocrites! Isaiah was right when he prophesied about you, for he wrote,
 Mrk_Dope98  posted like a statue!
Whoever wants to be most important among you will be a slave for everyone.
Mark 10:44 GW
 Coronation Street actor Marc Anwar sacked over 'racist tweets' - BBC News 
 Rangers team bus  vandalised outside  Aberdeen hotel - BBC News  NotBanter  
Mrk que rico.
 mrkhndy  crew_v1point0  irnbru sorry Mrk. You are correct.
 mrkhndy I really fancy a pork pie, Mrk.
Too Much.
Family ting!✨❤️   New York, New York 
Great teaching today. 
 veedubhev yip, I also have a  VW caddy I use for work..  remapped to around 200 bhp, it's a laugh.. 
 Merck_290 sweeet! Can't beat a vag motor especially one with extra toys lol
 ScottishWeather  sleet in  Motherwell today,  winter is coming..
Fallin'
JUST LISTED!  Experience the  SothebysRltyCan difference.  Toronto
 UltimoGT Looks like a  transformer and very  cheap looking..  NoLikey
Post edited: MP3: Omar Sterling (R2Bees) – Casino (Freestyle) One half of R2Bees Omar Sterling (Paedae) is fin 
 veedubhev yip, just looked too new to be real money.. Thanks, it's a cracking car with lots of toys and 0-60 in just over 4 seconds. 😜
“he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.”
Mark 16:15  calvarychurchcc  
“The time promised by God has come at last!” he announced. “The Kingdom of God is near! Repent of your si…
 Merck_290 take it the £5 made you look twice too lol. Loving the look of your Audi by the way 👍
"You're head is in the shed"  ChampionsLeagueOfDarts  Taylor  mvg
All these bitches, flows is my mini-me
Body smoking, so they call me young Nicki chimney
This the new style with the fresh type of flow.
“They went out and preached that people should repent.” 🙏🏻 
if any place will not welcome you or listen to you, leave that place & shake the dust off your feet as a testimony  
These friends keep talkin' way too much
Saying I should give you up.
I've been here all night, I've been here all day.
In 23 hours: lol  meerkat 
|LIVE NOW| September Lutheran Praise & Worship  meerkat 
SUSPENDED PLEASE :'(
|LIVE NOW| Trinity Christian Center is online!  meerkat 
Bullish or bearish for  Merck? Seasonality says... 
He could not do any miracles there... 
He was amazed at their lack of faith.  
NO NEED.
 KnkyKupl Thank you MrK! ☺️ -C
 ladivaza contestale mrk 
Mrk no me pararon 😂😂 
 Carscoop "the boys will be coming for them"  TopGear
 FratmanZ28 Hey it's MrK_316 from Twitch, can I get an invite?
15 minutes to go before Apink's Comeback. ❤🐼  Apink  Pink_Revolution
Mrk puta cancion. 😍😍😍😍😍
Kilay is LIFE
And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven…
 Merck_290 thanks ☺️
 Merck_290 thanks, NO Lewis Hamilton posts though please!
Found a Transponder Snail!
For honor! Giants clash in ancient jungle!
 TreCru 
Mr. Kipling's Workshop: How I Paint a Miniature Figure 
Elementary Classmates.
“Jesus started to leave, but a man ran to him and bowed down on his knees before him. The man asked, “Good Teacher…” 
 emmajaynex0 I don't do many f1 posts but I will tag you in any I do.. Hope you like them.. 👍🏻
“Jesus sat near the Temple collection box and watched as people put money into it. Many rich people put in a lot o…” 
Maybe.
Goodnight! ☽
I am long  VRX,  FH,  HCA,  LOW,  Merck,  NVDA,  OFG,  TEVA. All of them I consider to be value & growth companies.
more more. 
now i'm just somebody that you used to know
lately I've been craving more, more adventures, more experiences, more memories
my life was simple, and then i met you
bad bad bad girl ~
 windoh14  Chentric i cant read lips ffs windo
i miss your bullshit face.
are you ready?
STOP!
baby~
Look at this girl, she is so stunning omg  ytbclara 👑 
Merck Team Builder in Astoria Plaza 
 ofthatilliusion 
--forehead and taking a brisk stand. "F.R.I.D.A.Y., get me on the line with Secretary Ross! Oh and prepare the Merck 812 --
Saya suka video  YouTube dari  metalblade The Black Dahlia Murder "Moonlight Equilibrium" (OFFICIAL VIDEO)
“And the second, like it, is this: ‘You shall love your neighbor as yourself.’ There is no other commandment great…” 
“And you shall love the LORD your God with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your mind, and with all yo…” 
close.
Goodnight 😊😴
As he was teaching, he said, "Watch out for the legal experts. They like to walk around in long robes.…
 Merck_50 THANK YOUUU DEAR <3 *HUGS* <3
 ll_Merck_ll thank you mish 😁💜
 Fuzuki_Juli 😮 Can I ask, have you read this BBTC 同人誌? (I'm sorry, my Japanese isn't good 😓) >>> It is so cute!!
YES！I SCREAM！
 tgtxdough   IDO Inhibitors in development  INCY  NWLK  ADRO  Merck 
Saya suka video  YouTube AMBER 엠버_On My Own (Feat.Gen Neo)_Music Video
Mark 10:8-9, New International Version (NIV) 
 arajaeashley_  Ajcetra  carissavina DENIAL IS THE CLINCHER JA.  😂😂
Joe Bonamassa with Beth Hart - I'll Take Care of You via  YouTube
Mrk 16:33 Yea, do good, that they were come against him.
|LIVE NOW|  Gospel Music &  Jazz   2pm  meerkat 
“I tell you, you can pray for anything, and if you believe that you’ve received it, it will be yours.” 
You know you from the Caribbean when u wake up to the smell of coco tea and gospel music on a Sunday morning.🇱🇨🇯🇲🇬🇾🇧🇧🇦🇬🇻🇨🇹🇹🇬🇩  Caribbean
Love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your mind and with all…
I lost taste for Twitter when my main account got hacked.
Football will forever be life⚽️✨❤️
I eh lying uh that girl's nudes were 🔥🔥🔥🔥
So thankful to be alive today! 😇
◾Don't worry and fear not, only believe. Mrk. 5:36  frasesdebendicion 
Tracy Anderson gives us some advices about workout in the morning  BHHealthyLifeStyle 
Early bird...
Calling his disciples to him, Jesus said, “Truly I tell you, this poor widow has put more into the tr…
“And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.”
Mark 16:15 KJV 
“At once the boy's father shouted, “I do have faith! Please help me to have even more.””
Mark 9:24 CEVDCUS06 
 bentarabumi iya. more to come.target mrk 50% original dr mrk.
And this is why he's my favorite!!!
Have you heard ‘DJBS - Happiness (Merck Remix)’ by Merck on  SoundCloud?  np 
Carmona feat.  Arce -  Falsos Rapers -  Prod.  Merck 
 pizzabastian dont judge me mrk
So true😂😂 
|LIVE NOW| Yo🔑  meerkat 
Mark 11:24-25, New International Version (NIV) 
May we hear God saying to us, "you bring me great joy." 
Lord, makes us fishers of men! 
Lord, heal our sick family members. 
Lord, forgive us from our sins. 
Tweet this message 
Therefore I say to you, whatever things you ask when you pray, believe that you receive them, and yo…
ONE MORE PAGE AND ONE COVER PAGE TO GO!! HOLSYHTI
 Junniechi LOUD NOISES WHAt!!!!! SO GOOD ;; OO ;; !!!!
“Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall …” 
Oh look the Jeremy Corbyn honeymoon period mrk II has begun 
 mrk_jonstin We're pleased you're following us, join us in-app: iOS at & Android at 
Submersible bail out, centrifugal sand pump, deepwell turbine pumpcentrifugal: MrK
Otw to U.P Bgc   RainyVolleyball
Diamond and Moon.
girltrends~
One Last Time.
Head of Operations Finance - England, Hertfordshire, St. Albans - Merck Associates Ltd  Directorjobs 
Stop.
Right.
 Roboter  Automatisierung  Blog Themen  Merck  Trends  Automatisierungsmotive  Binpicking  ixn 
Mrk 13:14 But when ye shall see the abomination of desolation, spoken of by Daniel the prophet, standing where it ought not,… XFactor 1/2
do u thnk?
why do girls?
dont let me down
A girl of your age saying this seems interesting, btw 😄 
Diamond.
Be on guard, keep awake. For you do not know when the time will come.
Mark 13:33 ESV
Intercommunicational spite of thy guests: Mrk
Another  realestate property sold! Experience the  SothebysRltyCan difference.  Toronto 
Premium e-mail lists required! Only consumer2consumer (no business) and only Australia and New Zealand -- 2 by mrk… 
Dow  Stocks Trend  JPM  Boeing  UNH  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Apple  CSCO  Walmart  V  Merck  DD  AXP  P&G  VZ  IBM  DIS  MCD  JNJ    
Dow  Stocks Performance  VZ  PFE  Walmart  Boeing  Merck  XOM  DD  DIS  MCD  JPM  UNH  UTX  NKE  GE  KO  JNJ  MSFT  more  
Come hangout with me > ทำงานๆ on  BIGOLIVE. 
Family flee deadly  banana  spiders that can either kill or give you an  erection lasting FOUR HOURS  asda  
Come hangout with me on  BIGOLIVE. 
|LIVE NOW| Tempe Tavern with Big Finish  meerkat 
Why has this weather been so trash
no, gas mrk 
Mrk toy feli
Chillin, feeling good
 katyperry what you think about venezuela? we love you bb
Saluda mrk, no seas egoista, cuando ignoras es bullying
Join the campaign and be promoted  RealEstateHub
For he knew that the chief priests had delivered him for envy.
Mark 15:10 KJV
 ShekharGupta  ManishTewari 1. Egypt deal as new b'mrk, earlier it was at French airforce cost when ur govt froze. 2. Indigenous parts req.
 mrkhndy There is a lot of good ice cream in Cyprus, Mrk. I had several scoops over the course of my holiday.
 EpaFlaca seriedad mrk
Love you 💚 you looked gorgeous 😍 
 Howell_iDOIT Breanne and I are the same person
 ForzaMotorsport so this thing was utterly pointless in FM6, but in Horizon it is just unbelievably fun!!! 
This is going to be a nightmare. 
 mrk_thms2 "caleb I need to step up my game if I want to be married by 40, I'm gonna cry if I don't stop talking about this"
 mrk_thms2 "my crazy would be showing right?" "No call the guy that you haven't talked to in two weeks, what could go wrong?"
 mrk_thms2 she is like should I text this guy... me: "of course" reality: "hell no breanne you look thirsty"
 Howell_iDOIT me with Maggie
 only_mrk yeah..
 snapdeal Answer 1) Spotted & Here Is My Screenshot  UnboxDiwaliSale
Join 
 Merck_herE 
 kirtibasal 
 NanduLoudySingh 
 StefanieScott in that  I.T. movie damn need to watch  this  :) :)
“Watch and pray so that you will not fall into temptation. The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.” Mark 14:38 
Nothing like beer, a hot tub, and  muggietotts on a Saturday
“He who believes and is baptized will be saved; but he who does not believe will be condemned.” Mark 16:16 
Since 1929 Real Estate One Nth Michigan  REOnorth  have been providing expertise in buying or selling real estate 
 REOnorth as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Asco mrk
“Jesus looked at them intently and said, “Humanly speaking, it is impossible. But not with God. Everything is poss…” 
Mrk infeliz
 SVNic  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
cause i dont remember my highschool having something like that ((but then again, that kinda stuff never happened in the first place lol
listening to school lockdown stories make me wonder if my uni has a procedure if something like that happens
SVN  SVNic is franchisor of acclaimed SVN® brand. Offices independently owned so you receive A1 individual service. 
man is paying for the sins of their fathers
its so hot! i think im getting sick ;_;
 Maggiacomo very cleverly use leverage industry-leading research with cutting-edge industry tech tools. pic.twitter.com/uq8b7Is9ceKevin
|LIVE NOW| Saturday night mix session  rosewoodmontreal  feelit  meerkat 
 smartMback  MSDhoniTheUntoldStory 
Join  girija_kriz  Mrk_here  absolutindian
 Sarathkevinjoy
 leoloyal30  girija_kriz  kirannagendhra5
Big Country, Bigfoot, and Big John McCarthy. That's a lot of weight in that cage.  ufc
Blessed Sunday ❤
 FollowTheMenace Honestly, he'll probably get more flack for flipping him off on camera since it was on FS1. So dumb.
You can Deal with Shawn  shawnvenasse who has built a solid reputation by giving consistently good customer service. 
Endlessly waiting for you. 💘
- Mrk.
lets
Best Innov8property  BestInnov8 Real Estate Sales Team in Brisbane only offers the very best in customer service  
Matthew Gobbo  penrithproperty just listed a SIMPLY STUNNING home in CLAREMONT MEADOWS NSW  
Mrk 28:9 And the third time. My soul longeth, yea, even their nakedness:
I apologize in advance to  wattsupbrent for taking the snapchat name "WXman".
 mrk_thms2  aby_thms2 the Thomas family tradition continues
“Jesus was matter-of-fact: “Embrace this God-life. Really embrace it, and nothing will be too much for you. This m…” 
Dinner time!!!!😋😋😋😋 
|LIVE NOW| 🙏  SecondComing Chapel  103 🙏  meerkat  hell   meerkat 
10 LIFE HACKS FOR HOSTEL 
Silent Santuary's kind of morning ugh
I miss her already
Mrk 10:1 And holy in all wherein my father hither.
Mrk toy ladillao
 nuviewinc  is offering a revolutionary new kind of commission structure. 
 nuviewinc  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
NuView Realty   nuviewinc  is offering a revolutionary new kind of commission structure. 
 MortgagesofCan  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Samantha Brookes   MortgagesofCan   gives 5 reasons why you need to have a financial plan.  
Karen Cimera  kcimera is a Home mortgage expert that you can trust. LoanStar Home Lending, San Francisco, CA… 
 kcimera  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
The hard working Seth Brothers Team at Kurup Real Estate  KurupRealEstate is the name you can trust in Houston, TX 
For Orlando Perez  OrlandoP of Orlando Perez & Associates - Anaheim - a referral is the best compliment he can earn. 
SHR REALTORS  chandramohan_sp is a Properties Consultant at BoeingNGLORE, India  chandralrh.47 gmail.com 
My monogamy is like alcoholism fam... I just take it one day at a time...
 TuPutoGamer_YT mrk zimlar me tiene bloqueado xD
 ladivaza Mrk que pasoooo ??
Being faithful is extremely difficult
 mrk_ritchie and I are heading towards Tacoma. We don't know exactly where just yet but we are… 
14 hrs. To go before ❤🐼  PinkRevolution  Apink  COMEBoeingCK  PinkPanda
|LIVE NOW| C ∀ ll on me  meerkat 
5 people followed me and one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by 
Don't know what to say surprised me tbh
 Basetsana_Pule on the contrary it's a bit complicated so I drink to keep the pain away
“And saying, The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel.” 
Hey  Jeremy_Burson meet  ToddNY25 of the  SyracuseCrunch (and former Merck staffer). Anyway, he has  PredsNHL question on handicap tix.
 Mrk_414 he'll be at the rave bro!!
WE READY  CortesImamazing 
Horan Capital Management Boosts Position in Merck & Co.  Merck 
Merck & Co.  Merck Position Boosted by Rockland Trust Co. 
 BioSpace  Aralez Acquires United States And Canadian Rights To ZONTIVITY From Merck and 
Willingdon Wealth Management Acquires 2,296 Shares of Merck & Co.  Merck 
Bollard Group LLC Has  4,514,000 Stake in Merck & Co.  Merck 
Willingdon Wealth Management Acquires 2,296 Shares of Merck & Co. (Merck): Willingdon Wealth… 
Bollard Group LLC Has  4,514,000 Stake in Merck & Co. (Merck): Bollard Group LLC boosted its… 
 ad No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time - Waking Times Media 
Bayer's Diligence Failure In Merck Deal Haunts Its Monsanto Purchase via  WSJ  66b
This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
 ad No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality. 
 Merck  Gardisil  HPVvaccines  Humira? FDA & their pass rate? Inspections after changing ingreds? BIOMEDS 
Care to… 
What shop sells tøp Merck where I can acc go to with my parents
Warmed eighth stock member trades radar telescope: jpmorgan, merck, american national detachment, peabody… 
The Merck commercials for HPV are the most manipulative ads I've ever seen. Mom? Dad? Did you realize you could prevent the cancer I have?'
 evesdadisbest I can read a Merck Manual or a law book and memorize everything but real life wow I'm still learning!
Merck & Company, Inc. (NYSE:Merck) Reported Basic Consolidated EPS Of  1.5835 For Period ...: The annua...  pharma
I've got such a bad headache someone needs to decapitate me.
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push  dbdnews  medicaltourism  china  healthcomm
Merck for Mothers  WomensHealth 
Merck to add glyphosate to vaccines in huge deal with Monsanto 
I recently learned that the U.S. is the only developed nation where the maternal mortality rate is rising. Merck... 
It's time we all pitched in to help Merck for Mothers by spreading awareness to  EndMaternalMortality  AD BlogHer... 
Associate director at  Merck  leonard_ong shares industry and career advice: 
"No" campaign paid for by Merck & Pfizer! If it hurts their profits then it must REALLY benefit US! Yes on 61! 
Even though I'm a Braves fan, my daddy deserves to be there so much tonight. I'm so happy I could do this for him ❤️ 
Need to do homework but I went and go Starbucks instead 🙃
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push: Merck’s immunotherapy cancer drug Keyt... 
 JayPaterno  goldie013 The same Pepper Hamilton that had a working relationship with Merck (Ken Frazier).
 doritmi  GrumFromNorwich  G_I_Am  GeoffSchuler your blog again??? Why don't you write into the media reporting hers not a Merck doc?
 qtbeauty  GrumFromNorwich  G_I_Am  GeoffSchuler not a Merck doctor, for starters. 
This ad uses  veterans & is paid for by  pfizer &  Merck !!!! Vote YES on 61!!!!! 
Merck opens new OLED materials production plant in Darmstadt: 
Stock Review:  Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and Johnson & Johnson. Read more:  PFE
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest ...
› mercks-former...
Merck launches new Steritest Symbio Pump accessories  scientific  News 
Associate Principal Scientist, Engineering Job - West Point PA - Merck 
Merck Animal Health Receives FDA Approval of BRAVECTO® Topical for Cats and Dogs 
 aliensinsocks  AndreaChalupa Still, her supporters are the type that expect u to divest from Merck & Disney. (Green bonds & stocks exist)
Ability to lead  change is related to deployment & adoption- Dave Williams, CIO  Merck on  StraightTalk  changeagent 
chinaberry combines the shanked wallflowers of absconding with the metronomic merck of absconding
Smead Capital Management Inc. Has  82,280,000 Position in Merck & Co.  Merck 
 debnantz  Doctor_Red_Fox it is an ALLEGATION of a coverup by supervisors at Merck. An allegation is not evidence of fraud. Waning immunity
Merck & Co.  Merck Position Cut by Trustco Bank Corp N Y 
Torray LLC Invests  1,180,000 in Merck & Co.  Merck 
Merck & Co. (Merck) Position Cut by Trustco Bank Corp N Y: Trustco Bank Corp N Y reduced its… 
Torray LLC Invests  1,180,000 in Merck & Co. (Merck): Torray LLC bought a new position in… 
Read about HuPrime  livercancer PDX models use in evaluating c-Met Inhibitor efficacy  Merck
Make better drugs,faster. Create the 21st century biopharmaceutical company. Become Merck , only better.  TheAntidote what a book
 Job  Stellenangebot - Merck Group: IT Global Executive Services EMEA Manager (m/f), limited to 2 years
 DumpTrump7  Doctor_Red_Fox Merck is in Federal Court Over Alleged Efficacy Fraud of Mumps Vaxx 
 California  voters: Don't fall for  Merck &  pfizer (names on bottom) anti Prop 61 propaganda!!!! Using  veterans!… 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - Wall Street Journal via Black Swan Intelli…
Stock Review: Pfizer, Merck, AbbVie, and  JohnsonJohnson. Read more:  JNJ
Yeah b/c Merck is humanitarian like Raytheon sells peace. 
 Conage098Tina this ad is paid for by Merck and Pfizer, aka Pharma. Do your research and don't use ads to formulate an opinion. ✌🏼️
The Merck HPV guilt trip ads are absolute trash. They're scared. Many of us are informed on that vaccine & won't inject it in our kids.
The U.S. is the only developed nation where the maternal mortality rate is rising. Merck for Mothers is working... 
Merck’s Keytruda Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - 1st imported drug use under a pilot in Hainan WSJ  
 ICYMI: Bayer’s due diligence errors overshadow Monsanto purchase 
 Merck_MCCP Important summary of male fertility issues which can affect up to 50% of couples struggling with infertility.
Your cautious optimism draws you out into the real world. But ... More for Aquarius 
pretty interesting -> How the CIO of a  39 billion pharmaceutical company is quietly changing the tech-startup wor… 
Let us know what activities you plan on doing to help feel happier & healthier this Family Health & Fitness Day.
CorpWatch : Merck's Murky Dealings: HPV Vaccine Lobby Backfires  Hpv  gardasil  
Merck Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Short Sales
Read More --> 

 Merck  ICICIBoeingNK.IN  CDE  stockmarket
(WSJ) Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push 
Merck’s Keytruda first imported drug approved for use under a pilot program on the resort island of Hainan 
Senior Technologist Coating SME Job - Merck - Las Piedras Municipio, PR: He/she provides technical support such as… 
Merck Re-Launches Diabetes Drugs in Nigeria 
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time  parenting  health
Merck Re-Launches Diabetes Drugs in Nigeria: [This Day] To further emphasise the presence of the world's leading… 
 ASISAbuja2016 Uncle Seye™: Merck Re-Launches Diabetes Drugs in Nigeria  Headlines  Niger… 
Merck Re-Launches Diabetes Drugs in Nigeria  Headlines  Nigeria
Hmm.. So why is Merck and Pfizer leading the No on 61 campaign?!? 
'handsome rest' ni Merck
VAXXED: Ex Merck Rep Warns Parents Of Vaccine Dangers via  YouTube
Merck issues recall of 743,360 vials of Gardasil HPV vaccine - via  edmecka
Sometimes the most productive thing you can do is… 
Please sign the petition. This is how the pharma industry turns horse blood into profits  MerckAH 
I do what I have to   Merck-Saint-Liévin 
Check out The World's First/Thinnest Super Watch by Welly Merck on  Kickstarter 
Senior Technologist Compression SME Job - Merck - Las Piedras Municipio, PR: He/she provides technical support such… 
 Nigeria: Merck Re-Launches  diabetes Drugs in  Nigeria 
  nghlth
Update on the Sanofi insulin patents  rebeccatrager99 “ ChemistryWorld: 
Former CDC Head Sells 38,368 Shares Of Merck 
 merckgroup Hanin Odeh, Director General of RHAS, We could benefit from Merck and adapt scientific approaches, towa… 
Principal Medical Writer (Multiple Locations) Job - Merck - Rahway, NJ: Provides leadership for medical writi... 
 merckgroup Hanin Odeh,Director General of RHAS, We are excited of our partnership with Merck,it opens new horizons… 
 merckgroup We are committed to continue such public-private partnerships in the Middle East said Paolo Carli, Head… 
 merckgroup Merck is proud to establish a partnership with RHAS to raise awareness of thyroid said Paolo Carli,Head… 
What can wealth buy? A sense of well-being, health & fitness, maybe even happiness? Learn more on this amazing topic 
 chemical job alert Senior Technologist Compression SME Job - Merck - Las Piedras Municipio, PR: Known as Mer... 
 biotech job alert Principal Medical Writer (Multiple Locations) Job - Merck - Rahway, NJ: Provides leadershi... 
Gi Diet Plan For Someone With Pcos And Metformin: Merck and Pfizer plan to submit New Drug Applications to th... 
Senior Technologist Compression SME Job - Merck - Las Piedras Municipio, PR: Chemical Engineering, Industrial... 
Senior Technologist Coating SME Job - Merck - Las Piedras Municipio, PR: Chemical Engineering, Industrial Pha... 
Happening Now: In celebration of Fertility Awareness Month, Merck Philippines, in partnership… 
Principal Medical Writer (Multiple Locations) Job - Merck - Rahway, NJ 
Senior Technologist Compression SME Job - Merck - Las Piedras Municipio, PR: PhD’s based on research experien... 
 NoProp61 paid by Merck and Pfizer? That means vote yes then. Thanks.
Merck's Former Doctor Predicts Gardasil Will Become the Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push 
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism…  immunotherapy via  talkwalker
Massive Fraud In Merck MMR Vaccine Testing | Philadelphia Legal Examiner  legalexaminer
Done mag linis :3 
Small Molecule Pharmaceuticals:  merck pharma   Small Molecule Pharmaceuticals High-Quality Product...  pharmacy
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push - WSJ 
Nigeria: Merck Re-Launches Diabetes  Africa  EastAfrica  Business  News  Tanzania  Kenya  Uganda  Rwanda  Burundi
PM360: Next up is Dr. Norm Nagl of  Merck who was named the Brand Champion in…  MedicBoard 
 ECTRIMS2016 - RMS Therapy, Cladribine, Shows Long-Term Benefit in Studies 
Newcastle Disease in Poultry: Newcastle Disease and Other Paramyxovirus Infections: Merck Veterinary Manual 
all the homecoming games tonight make me wish I went to a real high school
the new American Horror Story season makes me regret not watching the first seasons :/
Gets me everytime😂😂😂💀 
 SenSanders  california  YesonProp61 look at end of commercials & see who is funding TV ads! =  pfizer  Merck who w… 
 ProfessorMarsha  YesonProp61 yes all these lying ads telling  california to vote no is funded by  pfizer &  Merck 
 SenSanders  YesonProp61  california must have right 4 lower drug prices!  pfizer &  Merck spending over  100 Milli… 
Wow,  DatelineNBC drop the exploitative  HPV  Merck ads already. They're shaming parents for profits not science or patient safety.
Merck to Hold Third-Quarter 2016 Sales and Earnings Conference Call on October 25 
Damn! This brew is delicious! Love the malt! - Drinking a Double Bag by  LongTrailBeer   Merck Gate 3  —  photo
 ARLZ: Acquires U.S. and Canadian Rights to Zontivity® From Merck -  DavidBautz 
Give Me One Excuse by Aidan Merck via  YouTube share this. this needs to get out.
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Entry Into China via  MedicalTourism  China  Hainan
Merck’s Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-... via  BioStocks 
Merck Whistleblower Suit A Boon to Vaccine Foes Even As It Stresses Importance of Vaccines 
 Bristol-Myers Squibb Vs  Merck & Co Who Will Lead Immuno-oncology Segment?  BFN  BFN  BF…
 Pharmaceutical SINGULAIR (PEDIATRIC) : Tablet, chewable : 5mg : Merck Sharp & Dohme Ltd :  Market  Forecasts
Answering Patients’ Questions about Concussions—Commentary - Merck Manuals Professional Edition via  MerckManualPro
Merck is Accused of Stonewalling Over Effectiveness of Mumps Vaccine 
****** Important ******
Merck’s Keytruda: First imported drug approved for use under a pilot program on the resort island of Hainan - Tropic…
No conflict of interests here, move along! 
Merck's Keytruda Finds Fast Entry Into China Via Medical-Tourism Push  WSJHealth
No woman should die giving life in today’s world! Merck for Mothers is working to help  EndMaternalMortality  ad
Next up is Dr. Norm Nagl of  Merck who was named the Brand Champion in Hematology/Oncology.  PM360Trailblazer
Merck, Pfizer vaccines ready for their close-up after Clinton's pneumonia diagnosis  pneumonia  vaccine
Meniere’s Disease—Greatest Risk Factor Not in the Merck Manual 
"After 150 years of research, it has finally... 
Merck and Pfizer Announce Investigational Ertugliflozin Met Primary Endpoint of A1C Reduction When Added ... 
Read 8 reasons to buy this breakout stock up 45% in 2 weeks  Merck  CLNE  GIS  CTSH  CTIC  NBR  SKTO  AJG  PCTY
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Just  Jesus Evangelistic Campaign - Day 268 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
|LIVE NOW| the love sprokets  meerkat 
|LIVE NOW|   meerkat 
APURE ARRECHA Merck  lamagiadesermiss
|LIVE NOW| 🙏 Revive the  Family - Day 233 🙏  meerkat   meerkat 
 KnkyKupl 
Thanks MrK...still getting the Jeep Lag under control so time in the morning to play around...😏
Because beers 
 AlejoIgoa  ladivaza ¡ME ENCANTO Merck!
Another  realestate property sold! Experience the  SothebysRltyCan difference.  Toronto 
Join  Qlik execs, experts, customers & partners at an event near you!  vizyourworld. 
Ps: MrK texted manager early this am to ask if market was going to go ahead or not ... Never got a reply ... 
 FHSSquadGoals Encourage students 2 think critically abt injustice&be voice of change  MsD_FHS  Kaepernick7  MrK_FHS 
Hopefully she doesn't cause as much trouble as I did at school… 
 tgtxdough Bloomberg/Symphony U.S. Monthly Sales Estimate of Select Injectable Oncology Drugs  Merck  BMY  IBB  ROG… 
 Mrk_414 He'll be here on New Year's Eve! 
 vrmyg Se me fue el unfollow mrk.
American Horror Story never ceases to amaze me
|LIVE NOW| Getting ready for homecoming   meerkat 
 ARLZ  5.32 - Perfect bounce off support- New Drug launch next week!  P&G  JNJ  BMY  VRX  MYL  BIIB  CELG  REGN… 
A quick dip before the Duck game. Featuring the pool and  mrk_ritchie   SEA - Seattle-Tacoma… 
100 Greatest Disco 12" records  dannykrivit  Edit  MrK  disco  vinyl Catch him this Sunday  analogbkny  718Sessions… 
 mrk_bennett  creeptasticsam I appreciate it better now. But at the time I was pretty annoyed that the trade wasn't as advertised.
 reedtimmerTVN Could've just sat up in Iowa for this past week and barely move an inch every day...
 CornyDeviless  creeptasticsam Ooo that'd annoy me. Nothing worse than not getting full value from a trade.
 mrk_bennett  creeptasticsam …just individual stories from around the time Kitty Pryde joined the X-Men.
 mrk_bennett  creeptasticsam Yeah, I picked up the Days of Future Past trade paperback and was a little disappointed that most of it was…
 islivingston All aboard. 
Mrk, que bello ✨  VenezuelaSeSigue ✨
 JoshArenstam That is a sweet rug!
|LIVE NOW|  girl  music  talk  relaxing  nighttime  amstetdamcity  meerkat 
Passing by Mrk 1044 
FXI Yamana Gold Inc. Day High
 FXI  IBB  Merck  nasdaq
Mrk, que locura.
 CornyDeviless  creeptasticsam Super surprised there's only two originally.
 CornyDeviless  creeptasticsam with all that. Was a really solid movie that I enjoyed the heck out of. Must check out the comics...
 CornyDeviless  creeptasticsam I feel really stupid now. Got confused with age of apocalypse. DOFP was really excellent and I agree...
 sharonGOONer  mrkhndy that's it. Mrk. THAT'S IT.
 creeptasticsam  mrk_bennett …only two issues long! But it resonated so much people keep coming back to it, adding to the original, etc!
 creeptasticsam  mrk_bennett I also dug the hell out of Days of Future Past. Wanna know a funny thing? The original story in the comics is…
 mrk_bennett the going gets rough and when you have let yourself down before. That and it had a well realized sense of family & felt fun.
 mrk_bennett one in particular felt very........ star trek? In a way. It was all about remembering your ideals and striving for them when...
 mrk_bennett binge watch their entire cinematic universe when I was home recovering from surgery. It exceeded my expectations and this...
 mrk_bennett I'm not an X-men person. Haven't read the comics or watched the cartoons so I decided to spend some time and...
 creeptasticsam Do you mind if I ask you what you liked about it? I wasnt really a huge fan to be honest.
 Mariajsm_ ve desgracia  aparece  njd I miss you mrk
 adidasoriginals is there gonna be some sort of continuation to the chasker boots? they´re my fav shoes but i can´t find´em no more
Spotify es la verga mrk
 pythCS good pick
 MrK_SoS_TF I miss you
|LIVE NOW| south Park s20 e2  meerkat 
Jonesville boys xc finished 4th at Jackson invite. Ladies had pr's and ran well also. Well done!  JonesvilleDistance
Mrk no te vais:c
Feeling the fall spirit 🍃🍁🍂 
|LIVE NOW|  girl  amsterdamcity  music  talk  relaxing  nighttime  meerkat 
|LIVE NOW|  girl  relaxing  music  talk     meerkat 
The end💁 GoodMorning 💤
GoodMorning 😊☺😅
|LIVE NOW|  girlsgonerx Denver 2016  meerkat 
Sweet Dreams 🖕🏻
When you hear of wars and rumors of wars, do not be alarmed. Such things must happen, but the end is st…
Jesus said to them: “Watch out that no one deceives you.  Many will come in my name, claiming, ‘I am he…
Everyone will hate you because of me, but the one who stands firm to the end will be saved.
Mark 13:13 N…
|LIVE NOW| nthing  meerkat 
 angeles_paulo pls. NOTICE Me! Enjoy!! sa performance mo!! <3
Good Night Paulo! <3 
Check out my stream on  meerkat
part  2
Jesus: “Healthy people don’t need a doctor—sick people do."
 mrkhndy press  the on switch Mrk.
this time.
side to side~
Yes it was an easy win 
Thanks for the follow Consenna Ltd! I appreciate it! September 24, 2016 at 11:24AM mrk_dee
And bring back our land 
Me hace falta Snap mrk
 Ryan_rugby I've warned you about those hallucinogens!!!!! You know full well you'll do nothing thing in either the  PremierLeague or  CL 💩
 And in the morning, long before daylight, He got up and went out to a deserted place, and there He prayed.
 And He went up to her and took her by the hand and raised her up; and the fever left her...
 And immediately He called out to them, and [abandoning all mutual claims] they left their father Zebedee in the boa
|LIVE NOW| Driving  dimsum  food   meerkat 
In 6 minutes: Dim sum  meerkat 
Kosh has costa in his pocket
 okko_eng I completed all endings in the summer Merck event and haven't gotten the background 😕  Is there an error?
 iTrapzDesigns Mrk pasame los estilos de photoshop plox
“but he shall receive a hundredfold now in this time, houses, and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children…” 
 ReddeviL_Merck hahahah , gary cahill , i can play better😂
 Subodh2406 what can he do when ur CB passes the ball to the opposition😂
3-0 😂😂😂 what a day this has been😆😆
We need  KayzoMusic back in Milwaukee  stellarspark  therave
Federal Reserve Policy Bolsters Case To Stay With Stocks 
 exel  nktr  mrk  blue  exas  tsro  srpt  clvs  mdvn
Alexis is feeling a hat trick nyana
Seeing tweets about "Corbyn Mrk 2". Which makes him seem like a classic Deep Purple line up. 
Without the Hammond Organ, though,
Best friend and business partner ever!
mrk_san_francisco art_to_all_sf 
 arttoall  mrksf… 
 Leaders know this... 
The health-care sector boasts plenty of yield:
 ABBV  PFE  Merck  BMY  JNJ  LLY  ABT  GILD  CAH  AMGN  PDCO  ANTM… 
That second goal was too beautiful
 mrk_itekt it all seems to if gone a bit quiet from your end??!! ⚽️⚽️😭😭 
Tasty buffet breakfast here at the Marriott with  mrk_ritchie   SEA - Seattle-Tacoma… 
I love my  RingCentral phone system. One number for voice, fax, text. Request a demo.  ringcentral 
“For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?”
Mark 8:36 KJV 
 Nyankn_mrk BoeingD GIRLー♡
Stop Trying to Be Happy 
 DubaiMortgages is a renowned Mortgage Broker Dubai with over 15 years exp. with banks & financiers 
 DubaiMortgages  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Premier Finance  DubaiMortgages is a renowned Mortgage Broker Dubai with over 15 years exp. with banks & financiers 
Top 5 countries with the Best Programmers – 
if Simon would stop eating my arm hair like a freakin corn on the cob that would be great 🙄
Words that you let go can hit someone so hard it can change their views in life.
 darraghclifford If they're willing to pay him 300k per week lol
Letting students sink doesn’t teach them to swim 
Mrk ayer me emborrache.
 Kick_Genius I always watch you're performance test and you're other videos in YouTube.
When you learn the house is way out of your price range. From REALTORS  realtors "serving the industry >100 years" 
The falling leaves and crisp air may not have you  dreaming of a cottage, but here's why it should! 
In 7 hours:  lovesprockets LIVE at Ingredients  atx  atxmusic  atxfolk  folk  mojofolk  meerkat 
 MatthewGrayRE  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Don't forget to pray.
 galuramyn we have the same surname. 😂
GooodNight :)
Matthew  MatthewGrayRE  had a Friday showing in Greenwich Village of a very cool Village home 
MoneyView is the first Money Manager to launch in 6 Indian languages. Spread the word & win big  ContestAlert  
Moto Z International Giveaway!  
Moto Z International Giveaway! [3 Phones]  Moto  AndroidAuth 
Here's my click of incredible kerala. Nature at it's best!  TravelWithCarrera 😍  CarreraIndia 
Alan Fox  Propertunity is a Real Estate Buyers Agents for NSW Central Coast, Sydney, Newcastle & the Lower Hunter. 
 Propertunity as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
 Propertunity is a Real Estate Buyers Agents for NSW Central Coast, Sydney, Newcastle & the Lower Hunter.
The Super amazing Kanyakumari! It's an Absolute nature delight!  TravelWithCarrera  CarreraIndia 
 its_for_sale  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Eraserheads 🎶🎶
 farhip doesn't like being treated the way reporters treat PR people "Stop calling us ‘the media'" Ironic 
Michael Rasch  its_for_sale  is an experienced Miami Realtor who currently has some of the best deals on the market. 
 its_for_sale   is an experienced Miami Realtor who currently has some of the best deals on the market. 
 TheWeirTeam  has a gained a solid reputation for helping buyers & sellers all across Toronto 
The friendly Weir Team  TheWeirTeam  has a gained a solid reputation for helping buyers & sellers all across Toronto 
 TheWeirTeam as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
 BLRX BL-8040 +  Merck Keytruda in metastatic  PancreaticCancer opens next week  MDAndersonNews 
PI: David Fogelman
Enlighten EA   Enlighten_EA   Nothing about this company is ordinary. "How to use social media for a letting agency" 
 Enlighten_EA   Nothing about this company is ordinary. "How to use social media for a letting agency" 
 Enlighten_EA  as a valued follower with a good profile we've given you a free promo tweet. We'd love to do more! 
Happy Birthday! Labyu 😘  AtinajaNey
Blessed Evening :)
wah..got7 perform di 2 events malem ini sgc & incheon con mrk br pulang dr Thai kan?
today is a longgg day for my gotpm :( himnae Love! (:
 TVarmageddon  SJD10304 indeed, that's why I'm leaning towards the banks/financials being the tell for broader mrk direction this week
Melee Gamplay Mrk 2 Pt 2: via  YouTube
one person followed me // automatically checked by 
Melee Gamplay Mrk 2 Pt 1: via  YouTube
 ReddeviL_Merck Did alright I thought today!
Mrk 8:22 And he cometh to Bethsaida; and they bring a blind man unto him, and besought him to touch him.  Lingard
 Jesus For verily I say unto you, That whosoever shall say unto this mountain,... 
Article on Wil's site  FreebyrdWil points out in how social media has changed political campaigns.  via  dcexaminer
|LIVE NOW| New  Music Preview  meerkat 
Article worth reading on Ben's site  bennymarsh  - Makes it easier to understand Bitcoin and Blockchain 
k4s14n mrk 
Benjamin Marshan  bennymarsh is Head of Policy & Govt. Relations -Financial Planning Association of Australia (FPA) 
Mrk 16:15- He said unto them, Go ye into all the world, & preach the gospel to every creature.
Who are we NOT supposed to share  Jesus with?
“When Jesus saw their faith, He said to the paralytic, “Son, your sins are forgiven you.””
Mark 2:5 NKJV 
What to eat hmm
 Mrk_Bxx the lies
Singing Closer by  TheChainsmokers :
"So baby pull me closer hwhsvakwkyaj rover, 
That I know you can't afford , habgraaggahhh shoulder" 😂😂
 SkyWinings  padlet  lhighfill  MrK_FHS  Avhsprincipal Excellent! We are on it! 👍
 KAYS - "Marijuana Millionaires"   AMZN  Walmart  TGT  NVDA  SPY  GLD  EBoeingY  YHOO  DIS  P&G  Merck… 
 BUSQXETS  Subodh2406  Squawka chutya😂😂
The latest DAiLY high_sa(ひさ)! Thanks to  mrk_rock  ichi_ryan  NHK_BS1
fuckin mrk. can never dislike him...
 mrk_krwn he's been an embarrassment for club and country for a while now. Sad really, decent player in his day. LA Galaxy beckons??!
What a  goal!! GRAY
Fakkk
I liked a  YouTube video Bangtan Boys - Cypher PT.2 : Triptych (Color Coded Lyrics:Hangul/ROM/English Lyrics)
 darraghclifford if the England Iceland game didn't make the penny drop with most of them, this won't.
 darraghclifford you can set your watch to it.
Mrk 6:31 And he said unto them, Come ye yourselves apart into a desert place, and rest a while: for there were many coming and… cubs100 1/2
 mrk_krwn it's so obvious. Will we still have the 'rooney is a top top player and needs to be in the team' guff from English TV pundits?
 darraghclifford hahaha, it's about 2 years overdue, but still, it's so obvious how he's held the team back it's embarrassing
Everything You Need To Know About Biotech Right Now (Bret Jensen)  ACAD  AGN  BIIB  GILD  Merck  MYL  PFE  PTLA  SNY
 mrk_krwn I haven't an ounce of sympathy for him. This is glorious to watch.
I feel sorry for Rooney, but the last 20 minutes have been a disaster for him
Stock futures mixed as second-quarter U.S. growth falls short   SPX  DIJA  COMP  AMZN… 
“And he said unto them, Go ye into all the world, and preach the gospel to every creature.”
Mark 16:15 KJV 
cr. MrK photograph 
“Therefore I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours.” 
Always test your assumptions be4 you invest. Is there Mrk for the product or service, is the Mrk large enough,is the Mrk concentrated enough
Makro has a was 1000 before it even came out 
Entah mrk dtng dr ketinggian berapa datengny.. But it's ok,  May be it is the way from God to make this land not on fire again.
 ggreenwald as if.
 AcidRain_MrK ty mang
 midormeepo nah videos are lit as always 
 ABVHVN  Straticz  adidasalerts that's a typical SNS experience.
Or more explicitly from the right
Smiths ridiculous campaign tried to "out Jeremy Jeremy" on rhetoric if nothing else, next challenge will be from ri… 
Stranger things maygahd.
JUST LISTED!  Experience the  SothebysRltyCan difference.  Toronto
 
 obrien_jonathan ive no doubt they'll keep trying thisshit, and it only bolsters corbyns's support because they are so out of touch
 obrien_jonathan would hope they'd realise they've got to work with new situation, but see no indication they want to, umunna symptomatic.
Enjoying a big bowl of quinoa right now omnomnom
 mrk_krwn They are inveterate idiots. Umunna is currently on the radio trying to distract from the result by banging on about immigration.
 Rooney has been in the comfort zone for years,his omission from both club/county is well overdue!  allardyce should follow suit  mourinho
Smith should've dropped out a month ago, what a farce this has been. And they'll try to do it again in a few months. Idiots.
Thanks for the retweets this week  Cool_Classic_  Merck_290  StewartTurner67 much appreciated :) >> Get FREE? 
Washed 
Some heroes don't wear capes 
“So the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath.’”
Mark 2:28 NIVUK 
Francis is going to kick him out of the game 
 SkyFootball at last a manager with the nous to drop  rooney been out of form for years for both club and country! Good on you  Mourinho
 therich29 lingard buddy😰😰
What time is the London derby?
Source of these stats? 
 girlmanutd  utdreport lingard😰😰
fanart for the aftermath of THAT SCENE will FOREVER DESTORY ME
 mrkhndy that Is quite a lot of sausages Mrk.
Post edited: MP3: Omar Sterling (R2Bees) – Casino (Freestyle) One half of R2Bees Omar Sterling (Paedae) is fin 
For this reason I tell you, whatever you  pray and ask for, believe... 
Dow  Stocks Trend  V  Apple  Boeing  P&G  Intel  CAT  JPM  MSFT  CSCO  MMM  UNH  Merck  GS  AXP  HD  MCD  IBM  Walmart  DD    
 AFL_PKeane MrK may you inform us of the home GF team please
Dow  Stocks Performance  VZ  PFE  Walmart  Boeing  Merck  XOM  DD  DIS  MCD  JPM  UNH  UTX  NKE  GE  KO  JNJ  MSFT  more  
“And whenever you stand praying, forgive, if you have anything against anyone, so that your Father also who is in …” 
Found a Transponder Snail!
Get an inside look at a shadowy criminal empire!
 TreCru 
Dream home is just a visit away to the ITC Gardenia, Bangalore! Unlock KEYS to happiness.  PrestigeKeys… 
For whosoever shall give you a cup of water to drink in my name, …
- The complementary verse for Matthew 10, 42
 MIssfilmy_  SrBachchan  IamVibhor_  TataSky  FamilyJingalala has become a huge buzz across India! Supercool TVC 
The spectacular footballing action begins from today! HT GIFA Delhi is an event not to be missed! WatchOut for  akshaykumar at  HTGIFA
Untitled by Karthick Mrk 
Untitled by Karthick Mrk: 
          Untitled by Karthick Mrk
          Tamil Nadu 
          Karthick Mrk: P... 
“Lest coming suddenly he find you sleeping. And what I say unto you I say unto all, Watch.”
Mark 13:36-37 KJV
 Merck_herE  akshaykumar  HTGIFA 
Absolutely.. Looks like HT GIFA Delhi going to be an awesome event.
Calling out all  akshaykumar fans to join the HT GIFA Delhi today for some epic game of football  HTGIFA 
Glad that  prestigegroup is spreading all smiles & making their dream come true!  PrestigeKeys ITC Gardenia 
Haha! So enjoyed the all new TVC to the core!  FamilyJingalala  aditikaps  TataSky  SrBachchan 
I got what u Need..
Yes!  akshaykumar is all set to lit up the HT GIFA Delhi Gear up for awesome football experience with  HTGIFA
you like haha let"s play join uss
 first tweet
 forever happy
 xxx gong yoo 
Hell Yeah! We're all super ready for HT GIFA Delhi to begin!  HTGIFA  akshaykumar
Witness the kids who will be totally in action at HT GIFA Delhi from today! Delhites, Catch  HTGIFA from 5 PM onwards
 Merck_herE yes yes 
This new avtar of  SrBachchan is absolutely amazing  FamilyJingalala  IamVibhor_  TataSky 
Yup! Totally agreed!  SrBachchan made it so interesting & Exciting!  FamilyJingalala  IamVibhor_  TataSky 
mrk t_tttttttt 
Magnificent & spectacular homes with top class facilities is possible with  prestigegroup Be there at  PrestigeKeys to know more!
“Jesus answered, "The foremost is, 'HEAR, O ISRAEL! THE LORD OUR GOD IS ONE LORD;”🕊
Mark 12:29 
Great news as  akshaykumar will be a part of HT GIFA Delhi event that Kickstarts at Thyagaraj Stadium, Delhi today! Don't miss it!  HTGIFA
Insomnium - Winter's Gate (Full Album) 
 Merck_herE  SrBachchan  kajol_saxena   FamilyJingalala yeah!  amazing tvc by   TataSky and Big B is Superb 
 PrestigeKeys will definitely offer a wide range of dream homes with all facilities! The Expo is On! Do checkout!
Less than 3 hours to go for the opening ceremony of HT GIFA Delhi Can't wait for the madness to begin!  HTGIFA
The  FamilyJingalala rap is on a loop mode!  SrBachchan nailed it!  kajol_saxena  TataSky 
Extraordinary performances with an engaging story from  leenayadav Do Watch 
 ParchedInCinemas
 ParchedTheFilm
A bold & daring attempt of rural women's lives! Must Watch 
 ParchedTheFilm  relianceent
Can't control my excitement for HT GIFA Delhi This is gonna be so amazing with  akshaykumar 's presence  HTGIFA
Visit ITC Gardenia, Bangalore to celebrate  PrestigeTurns30 with  PrestigeKeys expo that shows amazing dream homes to you!  prestigegroup
Excitement is at its peak for the Kickstart of  HTGIFA in a grand manner with so much awesomeness.  HTGIFA 
The  PrestigeKeys expo shouldn't be missed folks! Make your presence at ITC Gardenia today!  prestigegroup 
Witness the grandeur opening ceremony of  HTGIFA with  akshaykumar Super duper Excited  HTGIFA 
Loved it! Cute se judwa pote kabhi alag na hote One ij fan of horror movie doosra isq mein khaawe gote… 
Now Enjoy great volume printing, be it Color/black with incredible looking prints.  HPDeskJetGTSeries  HPIndia
Watch  ParchedInCinemas Great performances from  radhika_apte  SurveenChawla  TannishthaC Well made  leenayadav
 MrK_Swiss it's immoral
 MrK_Swiss I don't do those types of things my dude
 HTGIFA will be a great platform for young footballers who dream big! The  HTGIFA kicksoff in style from today!
Haha!  SrBachchan on a rocking mode for sure! You'll definitely groove to the   FamilyJingalala Checkout -  TataSky
 Merck_herE  TataSky and  SrBachchan is looking too good in this avatar  FamilyJingalala 
 FamilyJingalala  SrBachchan rapping the 'Yo Se, Yo Se' with Thakur clan is so cool. Enjoy it here -  TataSky
Brilliant looking prints at lowest price ever is possible now with  HPDeskJetGTSeries So amazing!  HPIndia
Oh Wow!  TataSky  SrBachchan in an All new avatar & it's so damn good! So loved it! Time for  FamilyJingalala 
Already the film has won lot of accolades & appreciation! Watch  ParchedInCinemas  relianceent   parchedthefilm
A Superb movie Not to be missed! Book your tickets for  ParchedInCinemas  relianceent   parchedthefilm
Congratulations  prestigegroup for  PrestigeTurns30 & KEYS expo will showcase the ultimate dream homes. Witness  PrestigeKeys
Gear up for an exciting football action as  HTGIFA grand opening ceremony kicks off today  &  akshaykumar will grace the occasion.  HTGIFA
The spill free refill system is definitely a much-needed one!  HPDeskJetGTSeries Kudos  HPIndia
The Countdown has begun for the most epic football tournament of India  HTGIFA So excited for it!  HTGIFA
Woo-hoo!  akshaykumar is all set to kick off the  HTGIFA today at 5 PM, Delhi. Don't Miss to join  HTGIFA 
football tradition ⚽
reggae &  thai style 🇧🇴🇹🇭  … 
Explore & experience the sophisticated and luxury rich  prestigegroup Homes only at  PrestigeKeys expo. 
The  HTGIFA Super grand opening ceremony will happen today at Thyagaraj Stadium, Delhi.  HTGIFA
The  HTGIFA is back with a Bang again for the young aspiring footballers. Can't wait  HTGIFA
This is so awesome! Super affordable printout at just 10 paisa All credits to  HPIndia  HPDeskJetGTSeries 
Thanks for the retweets this week  grtnishant  PrimeDebater much appreciated! >> Want this 🆓? 
 Gin_N_Lemon I loved my mrk 3 till it was nicked and wrote off ... Bastards
One of the major mistakes that most Christians do, is that they pay more attention to the gifts rather than the giver of gifts (GOD)...  mrk
 PrestigeKeys is here to make your dream homes into real. Drop by the ITC Gardenia, Bangalore today!  prestigegroup… 
Our ethereal beauty MRk 
|LIVE NOW|  vegas  meerkat 
Unlocking your dream home is super easy with KEYS! Don't miss to be a part of  PrestigeKeys expo happening today &… 
Visit ITC Gardenia, Bangalore from 23rd - 25th September to experience  prestigegroup 's  PrestigeKeys Homes. 
|LIVE NOW| u2  meerkat 
Woo-hoo! Unlock the KEYS to happiness with the lucky wheel spin & Win Cool Vouchers.  PrestigeKeys  prestigegroup… 
Make your Weekend an awesome one with  prestigegroup 's  PrestigeKeys expo that will make buying your dream homes real.
Thanks for the follow Gary O'Neill! I appreciate it! September 23, 2016 at 10:04PM mrk_dee
 rlsromeo lmyn mrk hyung wks
Just got home😪
Mrk todas son iguales.
Jema tab, elastic, zipper cutting machine 
Interested contact me 9907676262 
Sometimes the best advise is no advise
How'd I forget how great My Chemical Romance is? 😫
|LIVE NOW| p  meerkat 
My homie  CortesImamazing is funny 😂😂😂😂
Up 38-3, beginning of 4th Qtr, running clock!
Shout out to my thick Biitch in Atlanta
|LIVE NOW| Guns Ablazing Concepting Live Streams : Support To The Rescue  meerkat 
 MrK_FHS LETS GO FHS!!!!!!!!!!
|LIVE NOW| Dj Canale LIVE!  Music   meerkat 
Check DEMASU Deals:  40128  6836 Vita D3 90 Tablet Health Care Beauty Vitamin Mineral Diet… 
 Top  Toys  Marvel Legends Avengers Age of Ultron  IronMan Mrk 43 Infinite…  Kids  Toy 
 arielwinter1 I work at  Acura. I can take care of you 😁😁
 Good  Toy Marvel  Legends Avengers Age of Ultron  IronMan Mrk 43 Infinite…  Toys  Kid 
 hq_mrk_oks Yes！Yes！Yes！
Almost lights out!  Up 17-0! 
|LIVE NOW| E t h e r   meerkat 
|LIVE NOW| LIVE FROM BEACH HOUSE, ROCKVILLE CENTER!  DjCanale  Music  Edm  OpenFormat  meerkat 
28 TD FG for Blake Tucker, up 10-0! 
|LIVE NOW| Heart live  meerkat 
Up 7-0 Wooldridge to J Gonzaga!   FridayNightLights 
 VegaJ_ mrk yo subo las screenshot 🌚
|LIVE NOW| alxies texas  meerkat 
In ٢٣ hours: alxies texas  meerkat 
 VidmateOfficial I WANTED TO BECOME!!"  ROCKSTAR 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍  Arijit10Sinha
 nitin_cul  aziznava1  blessedkamal
 smojawala  BuddhuAAM  Merck_herE
Hanging with old college roommate  CoachTCostello and his son TJ! 
|LIVE NOW| hola  meerkat 
 faleamcrns heyyy cheer up :)
Preparing to beat the Gaels! 
This younger version of look-alike Rajini is making waves on the internet. 
Featuring: Raj Mrk Endorsed by Rajini... 
mrk todas las canciones de twenty one pilots son perfectas
I liked a  YouTube video Fruity loops beat Piano Pop instrumental [prod. by MrK & Tinox]
Deceptions of the left: Fast track citizenship for votes. HRC will put Mrk Cuban in the front row at the debate to… 
En absoluto mrk. 
this life is fucking weird
Tu fucking sonrisa mrk nps  justinbieber 
Saturday   TGF : New Jap Beauty*Nicole*~Merck~... Exotic Spinner*Jasmeen*~DT~!! 
|LIVE NOW| E T h e R  meerkat 
Mrk® Kiteboarding Kitesurfing Surfing Power Kite 4-line Control Bar Only - - 
In 2 hours: Guns Ablazing Concepting Live Streams: Support To The Rescue  meerkat 
still my biggest fictional crush 💕 
|LIVE NOW| Guns Ablazing Concepting Live Streams: Support To The Rescue  meerkat 
Still watching stranger things. 😉😉
Mark 12:38-40, New Living Translation (NLT) 
Building cultural and linguistic proficiency  MrK_FHS 
 fhssquadgoals 
 whenindoubtDABitout 
It's raining but still hanging at Allen Patk mrk! 
