 Merck Receives Tentative  FDA Approval for  Lantus Follow-On 
Merck and Pfizer collaborate with Corning - Merck (NYSE: Merck), Pfizer (NYSE: PFE) and Corning Incorporated (NYS... 
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' That's what Merck and its contest finalists envision for the Amazon platform 
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative Trump now funding the drug co. 
POTUS: Merck, Pfizer & Corning announce 1K coming new jobs in NY, NJ & SE. Would not b happening if not 4 POTUS. REALLY?
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub 
Merck and Pfizer collaborate with Corning 
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' What Merck & its contest finalists envision with Amazon's platform  DigitalHealth
Merck reveals plans for role in  Austin health innovation hub 
 kidoctr  DocMeehan  EmmaGPaley  and_kell  DrPaolini  markjarthur  badzoot7  DanaElizabeth69  doritmi  AugustAbbi… 
Next up at  caddgrc: Bob Sheridan from Merck, aka "Mr. Random Forest"
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative: ... by… 
Over 34% of our executive roles are held by women. Just another example of how we advance. 
Be a Maverick , if only Merck was 5.59 . and it has a bird too 💀  LoganPaul   ShopLoganPaul 
Press releases from  kingscollegelon  UMichiganNews  alzassociation  MassGeneralNews  biogen  Merck  mcgillu… 
Top story:  4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer… see more 
Next up at  caddgrc Merck's long time QSAR star Bob Sheridan  merckchemistry
Pfizer, Merck, Corning Inc. team up on pharmaceutical glass 
Merck that manages the latest running was announced in April when it provided competitive robotic development of aircraft.
Merck and Pfizer collaborate with Corning  onmedic  ehealth  pharma
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement 
"Merck and Pfizer collaborate with Corning"  pharma  biotech  medtech
Reuters: FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus 
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement via  mrslac2017… 
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement 
ICYMI: Merck's LUSDUNA Nexvue gets FDA approval, but must await Sanofi infringement suit decision 
 FLAutismMom  DumpTrump7  GrumFromNorwich  AndersonzTake  Vbalance03  Siubhan_H  EmmaGPaley  doritmi  Rosewind2007… 
 TwitterNewsChat Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement 
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement  USA  US  USBiz
Pfizer, Merck, Corning Inc. team up on pharmaceutical glass

New post: "Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement" 
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement  business  globalbiz
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement  - CNNMoney 
 Merck  WhiteHouse  pfizer  Corning "They wouldn't have done this under another administration." I hope Merck, Pfiz… 
It's been in the works since 2012, but Corning thanked the White House for its help "getting us to today."

"Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement"Pfizer, Merck and Corning joined the presiden… 
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement  online 
Trump brings companies to White House for another jobs announcement: President Trump touted a big deal during the…… 
Corning 'immediately' creating 1,000 new jobs in US, CEO says - initiative is a collaboration with Merck and Pfiz...
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative

Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Glass Packaging
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative: 
Former Merck Rep Says Mandatory Vaccination Is For Profit and Not Public Safety... 
Merck reveals plans for role in Austin health innovation hub 
"The initiative is a collaboration with Merck and Pfizer and was announced at a “Made in..."
American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Often overlooked (other than securing patient confidentiality),  cybersecurity needs attention after the recent… 
Lawsuit stalls approval of Merck’s insulin injection via Cafepharma Detail Piece Daily Pharma ... 
Lusduna Nexvue Gets Tentative Approval from FDA via  empr
 TraeBroadnax  UGABasketball Go Dawgs!
 BULLDAWGNATIVE He was a good coach! Good luck Mark!
Lawsuit stalls approval of Merck’s insulin injection: Drug Delivery Business News 
 brianherrienn Like the way you talk! Go Dawgs!
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' That's what Merck envisions for the Amazon platform - 
 PressSec Merck does most of their business OUTSIDE the US. This is a piss drop in a toilet. All pharmaceutical com… 
 PressSec Glad we can help corning,merck,and Pfizer make billions ...not to sound selfish but what's in it for us ..do we get benefits
 Merck Yeah...at  500 a pill.
🇺🇸‼️WINNING‼️🇺🇸

✅ 4 Billion Investment  
✅4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative:   MadeInAmerica… 
 PressSec  LindaSuhler Too funny.. Corning, Merck, and Pfizer are hiring.. same companies that own the congress.
 indictDC
 PressSec Pfizer and Merck have laid off much more than that!
Merck & Co., Inc.'s haunch gives me a raging boner every time I think about it!
 WhiteHouse Please, Merck laid me off
Check out my new blog post - 
American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Stake in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative:  MadeInAmerica …
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative | 
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize  Pharmaceutical Glass Packaging GLW.N 
WhiteHouse:  4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative: … 
 WhiteHouse:  4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative:... 
 PressSec Corning, Merck, & Pfizer   4 Billion investment and 4,000 jobs, President Trump Is Working His Ass Off. D… 
Merck Gets FDA's Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue Pending Outcome of Sanofi Infringement Suit 
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative |  MAGA  Jobs   MadeInAmericaWeek 🇺🇸 
 RodBoydILM jersey  thing. represents merck and many other pharmas
. Merck reveals plans for role in  Austin health innovation hub, writes  StephLBaum  convergence  pharma 
 PressSec . From source. NOT WHITE HOUSE PROPAGANDA MACHINE. READ IN ENTIRETY.
 PressSec Forward-Looking Statement of Merck & Co., Inc.  actual results may differ materially from those set forth… 
Corning CEO Weeks on  4 billion pharma glass initiative with Merck & Pfizer.. 
 Yoshy_kuna  TjRave2k  Real2TM  RealBlackHeron I'm sorry but Merck isn't a god and if he was he would be a false one at that
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative |  Winning  AmericaFirst  
Take the Merck Curiosity Test
 PressSec After Carrier and Ford, folks at Corning, Merck, and Pfizer better get their resumes together.   Everythi… 
 4 Billion Investment and 4,000 Jobs from Corning, Merck, and Pfizer Initiative 
Merck & Co. stocks create investor’s concerns 
 healthinnovations  pharma  health  fda  legal
PressSec: New high-tech jobs for Americans:  4 billion investment and 4,000 jobs from Corning, Merck, & Pfizer  Ma…
Merck reveals plans for role in Austin health innovation hub  digitalhealth
PressSec, New high-tech jobs for Americans:  4 billion investment and 4,000 jobs from Corning, Merck, & Pfizer  Ma…
 PressSec: New high-tech jobs for Americans:  4 billion investment and 4,000 jobs from Corning, Merck, & Pfizer... 
 SeanSpicer News: New high-tech jobs for Americans:  4 billion investment and 4,000 jobs from Corning, Merck, & Pfizer …
New high-tech jobs for Americans:  4 billion investment and 4,000 jobs from Corning, Merck, & Pfizer  MadeInAmerica
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Glass Packaging 
BidaskClub Downgrades Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck to Strong Sell 
 FDA looking to approve Merck's  biosimilar of Sanofi's Lantus  pharma  diabetes 
 DumpTrump7  FLAutismMom  GrumFromNorwich  AndersonzTake  Vbalance03  Siubhan_H  itsmepanda1  EmmaGPaley  doritmi… 
 MedTech  HealthTech  PhillyTech  Philly  PhillyStartup  PhillySoftware  MedCityNews Merck reveals plans for ro... 
Pharmaceutical pens Propecia and folding brush with mirror! -  drug rep Merck 
Creates 1000 jobs!  Thank you Corning, Pfizer, Merck! 
 WhiteHouse How perfectly grand - Merck hit bad pothole in Europe
 MartinShkreliDB  USFDA 

 HouseHomeland really
 FBILasVegas 

 Merck  SSFPolice
Corning CEO Weeks on  4 billion pharma glass initiative with Merck & Pfizer 
Apply to our  Bioseparation  LifeScience Awards today!  UTJeanJaures  uclnews  tudelft 
 CNBC "Corning CEO Weeks on  4 billion pharma glass initiative with Merck & Pfizer" 
Merck reveals plans for role in Austin health innovation hub :  healthnews
WH casting spotlight on joint partnership by Merck, Pfizer, and Corning to return  4-billion in pharmaceutical glass manufacturing to US.
Inspiring words from  Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier and NC Congressman Butterfield  weworkforhealth conference  WWFH17 
 schestowitz  realDonaldTrump So Kenneth Frazier, CEO of Merck is a white oligarch? Of, I get it! Dumb me! He's an… 
 Merck gen·o·cide the deliberate killing of a large group of people.That's all  pharma does. Keeps the population in check!
 Merck Running around after my autistic son who developed autism after a round of  Merck vaccines. He's awesome btw… 
Shared via Reuters: FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus
Poisoning - Merck Manuals Consumer Version 
"WH casting spotlight on joint partnership by Merck, Pfizer, and Corning to return  4-billion in pharmaceutical gla… 
 WhereIsPaulJr Met you at the shop today. Mike from Merck. I work with Tiziana. Didn't know you knew her. She says hi to you and Rachel.
Merck is also the manufacturer of the Iphone's gorilla glass. Testing shows that breakage is imminent if you don't buy the insurance plan.
 Trump announces more jobs coming back from  Merck  Pfizer &  Corning  Maga  usa  Jobs  MadeInAmerica 
Merck Foundation at African Union Assembly, African First Ladies Summit​ via  themtkenyatimes  
 Corning  pfizer  merck  POTUS  realDonaldTrump will this new pharmaceutical glass packing lower the cost of the drugs? That's what matters!
 Merck When WE think of a  pharma co, we think of all the kids that were harmed by vaccines while  Merck invested t… 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by WealthTrust Axiom LLC 
Thanks for hosting us  WhiteHouse with  Corning  Merck. We enjoyed discussing our collaboration for innovation for… 
.  US_FDA gives tentative OK to  Merck  diabetes treatment Lusduna: 
Fibromyalgia – Market Analysis, H2 2017 Covering Key Vendors Merck & Co Inc, Pfizer Inc, Switch Biotech LLC - Medg 
 Merck  Space_Station Oh like vaccines that kill kids? And hahaha. NASA?  You can't even go to the moon.
Merck Gets FDA's Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue Pending Outcome of Sanofi Infringement Suit More >> via  mdmagazine
Corning CEO says company has been in partnership w/ Merck, Pfizer in modernizing glass manufacturing "for a number of years."
Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Glass Packaging in USA 
Merck Manual explicitly connects captivity with fungal infections due to stress. via  Voice_OT_Orcas  Blackfish 
 WhiteHouse I'm sure Merck and Pfizer would like to consider opiate addiction as a job, but that doesn't really count.
 Merck and  Pfizer collaborate with  Corning 
Trump announces initiative w/ Merck, Pfizer & Corning. Cos excited abt test results showing less damageable pharma… 
With  Corning CEO Wendell Weeks at event with  Pfizer CEO Ian Read &  Merck CEO.  Pfizer_News 
Our President and his our administration working with Corning, Pfizer and Merck working to bring new technology... 
When you think of a  pharma company, you may picture scientists & researchers in labs. But there’s more.… 
 biotech  pharmaceutical  market  news Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Gl... 
Corning,  Merck, &  pfizer collaborate to create  MadeInAmerica jobs through new Corning Valor™ Glass:… 
Fibromyalgia – Market Analysis, H2 2017 Covering Key Vendors Merck & Co Inc, Pfizer Inc, Switch Biotech LLC - Medg… 
Just announced  WhiteHouse: We're collaborating w/  pfizer &  Corning on revolutionary glass packaging. Details: 
. Merck's sales  fleet keeps costs low while boosting its  safety rate: 
We’re working with  Merck to improve injectable drugs with Corning Valor™ Glass. Learn more: 
 NC_Governor We need a  Merck plant in Mebane to manufacture the new  ValorGlass .  MadeInAmericaWeek  MadeinNC
Corning Incorporated : Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Glass Packaging  
Merck and : Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Glass Packaging  
"creating 1,000 new U.S. jobs as the first part of
a planned investment of  4 billion & 4,000 new high-tech jobs."


'Alexa, help manage my diabetes. That's what Merck and its contest finalists envision   DigitalHealth 
lots of fun with Corning, Merck and Pfizer having  POTUS  demonstrate breaking force on glass vials of injection me… 
 Merck  PFE  GLW:

Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize …:


 XRIM  MONEY FoxBusiness

WATCH POTUS announce a pharmaceutical glass packaging initiative between Merck, Pfizer, and Corning. …
 Merck Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Glass... 
WATCH  POTUS announce a pharmaceutical glass packaging initiative between Merck, Pfizer, and Corning. 
 Corning Great demo today  at White House for new Valor glass & happy 2 hear of  pfizer &  Merck collaboration
 POTUS, Thank You for bringing  Corning,  Pfizer, & Merck Together To Manufacture Valor Glass HERE  in the U.S.A.! ;-)
This White House Infomercial for Merck tho ... 
 NewsHour I'm confused. Does Trump have stock in Merck or something? Why is he holding a joint press conference to unveil their product?
Trump: Merck&Corning investing in America helps to Make America Great Again.
 Merck Thank You!!! Great New Product🔬👏👏👏👏👏 
LiveSquawk: (1) US Pres. Trump: Merck, Pfizer And Corning Announce That Glass Packaging Will Be Made In US - RTRS
Merck hack part of a massive global attack via  PhillyBusiness
. Merck wants to put a stop to deaths from childbirth. Read about the visual brand identity behind  MerckforMothers… 
(1) US Pres. Trump: Merck, Pfizer And Corning Announce That Glass Packaging Will Be Made In US - RTRS
LIVE Now:  POTUS  Merck  pfizer   corninggorilla Pharma glass Made in America  4 Billion Investment… 
 POTUS Trump:  Merck, Pfizer and Corning partner:  Advance new glass packaging to be made in USA - 1,000 new jobs.  MAGA

Thank you!
 foxnews We Just Keep Winning!!!!
 GOP I Know YOU Will Catch Up & Get Healthcare Done!!! Thank You  Merck  Corning… 
Trump Says Merck, Pfizer And Corning Announce That Glass Packaging Will Be Made In America  Merck  benzinga
Trump: Merck Pfizer + Corning announcing pharma glass packaging now made in USA. "I know they wouldn't do it under another administration"
BREAKING:    realdonaldtrump speaking LIVE on a new MadeInAmerica partnership,  with  Merck  pfizer  Corning CEO's  FoxBusiness NOW
Awesome job alert: This is a GREAT opportunity on the Workforce Analytics team, supporting Merck’s L&D organization.…
 Digital assistants help improve  health outcomes with  amazon Alexa. 
Dr Eric Rubin  Merck talks about pitfalls of dose finding & suggested strategy 2  finishcancer… 
Wish you could still Pin tweets! 
 deray By televising it yall wont have the ability to say he was denied bc of racism. He will be denied bc he won't take accountability.
Despite scoring an FDA nod, Merck's biosim Lusduna must wait to challenge Lantus 
SunTrust Banks Comments on Merck & Company, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings  Merck 
 deray He may be denied parole, and it's his own fault.
 Job  Stellenangebot - Merck Group: Accounting Business Partner (m/f) Spain
 Merck do you hire local as well? ;)
 Job  Stellenangebot - Merck Group: Supervisor (m/f) Inhousebank / Treasury Accounting
 Merck  DYK that  Gardasil is made at West Point, PA and has the highest reported reactions/deaths for any vaccine… 
 DYK our global manufacturing headquarters is right here in New Jersey? And we've grown our West Point, PA plant in… 
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus (Reuters) - Merck and Co Inc said on Thursday the U.S.… 
PharmExecutive: Improving  Patients’ Lives and Boosting Mature Product Portfolios, a Q&A w/Merck KGaA’s COO Simon … 
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus - (Reuters) - Merck and Co Inc said on Thursday the... 
Introduction to Gastritis and Peptic Ulcer Disease - Digestive Disorders - Merck Manuals Consumer Version 
HealthNews: FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus 
Improving  Patients’ Lives and Boosting Mature Product Portfolios, a Q&A w/Merck KGaA’s COO Simon Sturge. 
Credit Suisse Cuts  Pfizer To Hold, Prefers Merck, J&J  PFE Also  JNJ  Merck 
 BREAKING: Merck's LUSDUNA Nexvue gets FDA approval — pending Sanofi infringement lawsuit 
Merck Foundation commits to long term partnership with Government of Tanzania 
Merck's Keytruda speeds its IO market-share grab as Bristol-Myers' Opdivo declines  Bristol  UK 
 PersianDomme  SuzieQT11  LaLaRueFrench75  aspiritcan  ChrisWilson101  Cattlechildren  kenjaques  jdawson38995… 
Inimitable authors include Michael Sherman ( HarvardPilgrim),  RealEndptsRog, Susan Garfield ( EY_LifeSciences), an… 
Despite scoring an FDA nod, Merck's biosim Lusduna must wait to challenge Lantus - 
Merck in South San Francisco is Hiring! 
So, this is the first drug I had a major hand in developing being approved. 
REUTERS: Merck and Co Inc said on Thursday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) tentatively approved its biosimilar version of Frenc…
Free  birthcertificate clinic August 10 at  mannaonmain in  Lansdale sponsored by Merck. Call LASP to register 610-… 
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus | Reuters: Health News::: (Reuters) - Merck and Co Inc…
Semi Final results: QTS Group 7  vs  2  McCulloch Rail; William Duncan  2   vs   1  Merck (Sigma Aldrich)   AC70
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus (Reuters) - Merck and Co Inc said on Thursday the U.S.…
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus: (Reuters) - Merck and Co Inc said on Thursday the U.S.… 
These  PerdueChicken snacks & activities will keep the kids and
adults happy during brunch  Promotion  PerdueCrew -… 
FYI: Spreading health news to the entire community from our reliable source. 
(Reuters) - Merck and Co Inc said on Thursday the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) t… 
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus  Reuters: Health News
Our interactions with the Merck team and the strong preclinical data we have generated underscore NOX-A12’s... 
Merck's Keytruda speeds its I-O market-share grab as Bristol-Myers' Opdivo declines:  Merck  BMY  pharma  marketing
Merck’s Former Doctor Predicts: Gardasil to Become The Greatest Medical Scandal of All Time 
To our Merck Canada family near and far, thank you for your hard work all year. Showing our appreciation at the ann… 
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus - Times of India  diabetes  vingscommunity  news
FDA tentatively approves Merck's copycat of Sanofi's Lantus - July 20 (Reuters) - Merck and Co Inc said on Thur... 
 ICADORG benefited from  Merck_MARS in 2015, Which was the origin of the  BlindChatApp.  Rashakelej  MerckFoundation
At 17&16 me and Matthew were lucky to have full time jobs.....how did you do this 
 Merck What a coincidence! That's almost the same amt as taxpayers have paid to victims of vaccine injury USING you… 
Mathes Company Inc. Sells 75 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Merck to pay Gilead  14m in attorneys’ fees  GileadSciences  Merck  patent  attorneyfee  lifesciences
Palo Capital Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Stake Decreased by Mathes Company Inc. 
The Vaccinated Spreading Measles: WHO, Merck, CDC Documents Confirm 
Merck  closed yesterday was at 1169 
 DYK: nearly  3 billion in manufacturing assets are currently deployed in the U.S. supporting our global supply of… 
Gov. Greg Abbott on Monday announced that Merck Sharp &amp; Dohme Corp. will move forward with plans... 
 Biosimilars Merck & Co. Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval For LUSDUNA Nexvue Insulin Glargine Injection… 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Given Hold Rating at Deutsche Bank AG 
Despite scoring an FDA nod, Merck's biosim Lusduna must wait to challenge Lantus:    recalls
 InformdConsent  UnityConsortium  Merck It's so stupid that even the official justification makes no sense.
 Morvern_C_  UnityConsortium Guarantees  Merck hundreds of millions of dollars a year
 Merck  KGaA ,  F-Star  shake on  immune-oncology bispecifics 
 CKDBio  novonordisk  AbbottNews  Amgen  Merck  PragaMedica  aksharhealth  PMIAssistReprod  Book  exhibition slot  
Scan results - Expansion Breakout today:  STRTECH  505729  532374  MERCK  534612  JVLAGRO ... 
With  6 million grant from state, Merck announces tech hub in Austin 
continuing the fall sched 8/19 denverfest 8/26  Spittoono 8/27  oskarblueswnc 9/1  bauernhausales  9/9 SCapplefest… 
Scan results - New 52 Week High today:  STRTECH  505729  532374  523704  MASTEK  MERCK ... 
.  Merck Wins Tentative  US_FDA Approval for  diabetes treatment Lusduna: 
PDS, Merck to Launch Trial Testing Combo Therapy in Treating Certain Head and Neck Cancer Patients 
Read Our Calls With date & Time😍😍

After call MERCK Made A Low Near 942 & 1277.95⚡️⚡️⚡️🏹... 
Pegasus Partners Ltd. Has  786,000 Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Merck Wins Tentative FDA Approval for Lusduna - Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News 
1/2 Despite challenges in federal funding,  NCAT faculty delivered in FY17, killing it in contracts & grants.  USDA… 
Merck didn't bother to research the effects of Gardasil on girls' ovaries or Health and Wellness  
 diabetes  diabetes Merck Wins Tentative FDA Approval for Lusduna: Merck &amp; Co. said today that it has won… 
A big thanks to Merck for joining the 2017 HIV & Aging Conference as a sponsor -- registration is still open at... 
Lawsuit stalls approval of Merck’s insulin injection  meddevice
It may appear that the fun and games are over now, but there&a... More for Aquarius 
Lawsuit stalls approval of Merck’s insulin injection  onmedic  ehealth  pharma
How Merck used people analytics to build a tech-driven operating model  | Human Resources Online 
Lawsuit stalls approval of Merck’s  insulin injection.  Merck 
' Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' That's what Merck and its contest finalists envision for the Amazon platform 
more like 10 days 
Credit Suisse cuts Pfizer to hold, prefers Merck, J&J  PFE  Merck  JNJ 
Diabetes in the News: Merck gets FDA's tentative OK on Lantus follow-on insulin, pending Sanofi lawsuit sttlmnt. -MH
Staphylococcal Food Poisoning - Digestive Disorders - Merck Manuals Consumer Version 
Potential for tech to differentiate declines when all can access. What happens if Lilly does same with Google Home? 
Merck Shares Benefits of Improved Patient Insight - ACRP 
“In 2000  Merck spent more advertising painkiller Vioxx  160Mil than  Budweiser  pepsi or  Nike… 
Merck showing up to the party. 
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' That's what Merck and its contest finalists envision for the ... - 
 JouwBaan  vacature Head of Human Resources Netherlands
  Merck KGaA
Merck KGaA picks winners and losers as it streamlines EU production network, cutting 200 jobs 
Merck has been certified as one of the Global Top Employers 2017 
Merck Locates IT Hub in Austin, Texas 
 HRNews  merckgroup reveals the three ways in which  people  analytics is a driving agent. 
Interesting to see how Merck's alliance with  Alexa is shaping up. A clear focus on  patienteducation and services: 
Want to know more about Direct  Compression? Attend the MERCK Workshop September 13th powered by Medelpharm in Lyon… 
I gotta dollar, I gotta dollar, hey hey hey
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' What Merck and its contest finalists envision  digitalhealth 
How  alexa can help people manage diabetes  FiercePharma 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Stake Cut by Pegasus Partners Ltd. 
Good news for us stockholders.. 
Is Merck behind the teen s*x article? via  wordpressdotcom
Innovation! - Alexa help manage my diabetes That's what Merck & its contest finalists envision 4 the Amazon platform 
CHART/TABLE: Zoetis, Merck lead the way as Canadian vaccine approvals hit par in H1
 AnimalPharm
How Merck used people analytics to build a tech-driven operating model - 
 biosimilarz Interesting that they are calling this a "follow-on biologic" instead of a biosimilar. Insight? 
 DanaElizabeth69  and_kell  doritmi  AugustAbbi  Sheeple101  AndersonzTake  docalok  EmmaGPaley  Just4TheCause… 
Capital Advisors Inc. OK Has  11.66 Million Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Last 10 days to  submit your one page concept paper. Submit before 31st July 2017. Read more on… 
 tombarr26816936  omegaman3000  HPVAction You're ignoring Brinth and Chandler case studies on real people in favor… 
 Merck what a horrible, horrible ad your runnibg for thr HPV virus.."did you know mom?..dad?".  putting a guilt trip on parents? disgraceful
 Merck announces tentative FDA approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue  SNY
Merck Announces US FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue (insulin glargine) a Follow-On Biologic 
Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue insulin glargine injection a FollowOn Bio... 
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' That's what  Merck and its contest finalists envision for Amazon platform… 
 Biosimilars Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue insulin glargine injection a… 
Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Follow-On … 
WealthTrust Axiom LLC Has  3.30 Million Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
 Biology Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Follow-On Biologic Basal I…
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck is NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan’s 8th Largest Position 
<<<
 유린원광종합사회복지관  검증사설사이트 adult dating site business insurance in seattle  promdress   Merck  
BRIEF-Merck announces U.S. FDA grants tentative approval for Lusduna™ Nexvue™ 
“In 2000, Merck spent more advertising its new painkiller, Vioxx ( 160 million) than Budweiser, Pepsi  or Nike." 
"BRIEF-Merck announces U.S. FDA grants tentative approval for Lusduna™ Nexvue™" 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Welch & Forbes LLC 
Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Foll.. 
 publichealth news: Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue insulin glargine inje... 
 Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Follow-On… 
pharmaMKTnet: Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Follow-On Biologic Ba…
 Merck Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine inject... - 
Click here to read our latest news: 
Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Follow-On…… 
PharmaMKTnet: Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Follow-On Biologic Ba…
Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine injection), a Follow-On… 
 Merck:

Merck Announces US FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA …:


 drugdiscovery Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue insulin glargine…  drug
 cancer  cancer Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue insulin glargine injection a… 
 diabetes  diabetes Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue insulin glargine… 
 AnGobanSaor  susmitchellSBP  REGRET_ie If she includes the quiet  200k "donation" from  Merck to  IrishCancerSoc i… 
 doritmi  DrPaolini  Wizard298  AndersonzTake  NKOTB78  and_kell  markjarthur  kidoctr  waynerohde  Yahuwah7… 
 HIV Diagnostics Market to reach USD 3422.08 million by 2021.  Siemens  Merck  alere  thermofisher  Roche 

DL  … 
Finally got my first got7 Merck yay! I'm inspired na tuloy hehehe
ARE VACCINES SAFE? Former MERCK Rep turned WHISTLEBLOWER TELLS ALL 
Overview of Food Poisoning - Injuries and Poisoning - Merck Manuals Consumer Version 
Rosie Booth from  Merck talking about how pharmaceutical companies are helping to supply data into the AMU debate.… 
Merck, Sharp and Dohme (MSD) has cut all ties with horse blood farms in South America! Now what about the rest?... 
Look like Merck took viagra today
 Job  Stellenangebot - Merck Group: Team Lead VAT (m/f)
Merck sees market for novel therapies, to focus on its oncology pipeline 
"Merck sees market for novel therapies, to focus on its oncology pipeline" 
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' That's what Merck and its contest finalists envision for the Amazon platform  
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' That's what Merck and its contest finalists envision for the Amazon platform… 
'Alexa, help manage my diabetes.' Merck's vision for the Amazon platform  Alexa  Amazon… 
 merckgroup is betting on India's growing pharma space and state spending on  Healthcare to expand its business. 
Merck sees market for novel therapies, to focus on its oncology pipeline  india  indiabiz
An idea of the future use of AI to help diabetic patients, looking forward to see the impact of these projects 
Grand prize of  5000 for the "Merck more than a Mother" multimedia award - Apply for the Media Awards via… 
Emergent BioSolutions to Acquire Raxibacumab, an FDA-Approved Anthrax Monoclonal Antibody, From GSK |  scoopit 
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:0.90% Weekly:-1.25% YTD:4.89% Trend:100 / 100  
Merck- Dr Reddys biosimilar deal comes to an end, as the German lifesciences co shifts its focus to novel therapies. 
ETHealthworld | Merck sees market for novel therapies, to focus on its oncology pipeline 
Prof. Stangenberg-Haverkamp, Chairman of Board of Trustees & Dr Rasha Kelej, of Merck Foundation greet H.E. Hinda D… 
When did  Merck buy  SigmaAldrich? Oh boy. I feel ancient 😩
Most viewed Compare Company report of Today-  LUPIN LTD -  MERCK LTD- 
 Merck urgent need in Delhi India 180 vials cifoxitin for treatment, tried all local sources no luck, please connect possible channels asap
Can't help wondering who in the end pays for all of this: F&R to receive  12.5M fee in Gilead-Merck patent battle 
H.E. Fatoumatta Bah-Barrow,First Lady Gambia; Prof. Stangenberg-Haverkamp,Chairman of Board of Trustees &Dr Rasha K… 
 YSSA

I have 100 merck   890. I can hold it longer. Request technical as well as fundamental call
 Deishma Merck flying ! 👍
Merck: Analyzing 2016 Performance & Outlook for 2017 
Merck Locates IT Hub in Austin, Texas - Area Development Online 
Merck, doing some great things.

Merck


Awesome! Merck was the the first stock I ever held and still own to this date !!!!! 
Merck Foundation at African Union Assembly, African First Ladies Summit 
2017-2022 Global Drugs for Short Bowel Syndrome Market Analysis: GLyPharma Therapeutic,… 
 eTweeetz  kidoctr  Neklbags  DrPaolini  ElaineYoung94  Wizard298  AndersonzTake  NKOTB78  and_kell  markjarthur… 
Merck's  Neurobion will be dispatching two "therapy" buses in early August plying north & south of MM to educate co… 
Retweeted Vera Burnayev ( LotusOak):

Brandy Vaughan, Ex Merck Rep:  Vaccines Are the ONLY Product in US that Has... 
Brandy Vaughan, Ex Merck Rep:  Vaccines Are the ONLY Product in US that Has No Liability

 kidoctr  BlueLionBlog  DailyDaily22  leslyann37  EmmaGPaley  ryanhendry94  Just4TheCause  doritmi  Vbalance03… 
 kidoctr  DocMeehan  markjarthur  doritmi  theveganparent  DrPaolini  Wizard298  eTweeetz  purple_kathryn… 
Shoutout to this HPV commercial that makes it seems like parents purposely let their kids get HPV! Is this you  Merck?
 itsmepanda1  dkegel  RoyWilliams1024  doritmi  beaglesays  regina1775  ChrisJohnsonMD  DocMeehan  DumpTrump7… 
Dinner tonite with friend Ken Frazier Ch&CEO of Merck. 1 of largest drug co in the world. He is also on Exxon Bd. 
Territory Sales Manager, Merck, Central West NSW - 
New post (Territory Sales Manager, Merck, Central West NSW) has been published on Veterinary Careers -… 
No, no, 394 coincidental deaths and 51,522 coincidental adverse reactions! And some coincidental profits by Merck a… 
Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:Merck) announced the presentation of Alzheimer's disease data  Alzheimers  mentalhealth
 kidoctr  DailyDaily22  markjarthur  leslyann37  EmmaGPaley  ryanhendry94  Just4TheCause  doritmi  Vbalance03… 
 Trentt_78  Support_UGA Go Dawgs!
Geezer Butler performs live on stage at the Ernst Merck Halle in Hamburg, Germany as part of the ‘Technical Ecstasy… 
 Merck 
Thank you for prolonging my life. My tumor biopsy was a perfect match for Kaytuda. I have a rare cancer & Kaytuda is working.
 kidoctr  PaulCar63005489  realorganicT  LaLaRueFrench75  DocMeehan  FactsOV  DrPaolini  Wizard298  eTweeetz… 
 TheLastAmanda  gator91man  Megan_Sass  GingerTaylor Quick!!!  Reach out to Merck & Pfizer immediately. Their CFO's… 
 CJLawrenceEsq Except of course, most cases involve criminals going for unholstered guns. But you already knew that, didn't you?
Here's What The OpGen Inc ( OP&GN) Merck ( Merck) Agreement Really Means, And Why It's So Important  
 CRWDiversity  DiversityGlo  Merck  MerckIMInspired Congratulations  CRWDiversity !
Thank you Merck Foundation for your investment in our children.  OLOLBiomed  TrusteySTF  PLTW

 DrPaolini  kidoctr  doritmi  DocMeehan  Wizard298  eTweeetz  purple_kathryn  ElaineYoung94  ryanhendry94… 
MUST SEE: Dr Humphries Examines Data on  Gardasil From Merck's Own Package Insert

 VAXXED 
 theresaboyle  kellygrant1  HealthCanada missed available information from MERCK from 1930-40s on Ox (Eukadol Merck… 
 OP&GN has a key partnership with  Merck
👇
OpGen Inc. enters new partnership with Merck to fight superbugs  
3) It's working. The orange size tumor is shrinking by 1/2. We will know more aft pet scan
Thank you Merck for paying for my treatment. ❤️
Some of the more notable corporations that enjoy  CFR_org membership include AIG, BP, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, Google, Merck, & Pfizer.
Global Bone Marrow Transplant Market 2017-2021 – Key Vendors Are AllCells, Lonza, Merck & Sanofi – Research and Mar 
MERCK (Merck) ranked  21 out of 30 in the Dow 30 ranking: 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub 
Merck Sees Market for Novel Therapies 
Alan Cheng (Merck) has the best slide of  caddgrc. Thankfully I can share because it only contains published data... 
Johnson &amp; Johnson Stays Healthy in 2Q17  JNJ  XLV  PFE  Merck
Biotech Movers/Pipe Updates 7/20:

 AEZS new CEO
 IRWD data disappoints
 AMGN Erenumab PDUFA 5/17
+  Merck  INCY  DFFN

Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Downgraded to “Strong Sell” at BidaskClub 
Wouldn't be out of question in my opinion to see these  GLW  PFE  Merck fair better w/ the new, friendlier FDA circa  PTLA .maybe aq approvals
Gilead Has Another Ace Up Its Sleeve  ABBV  Merck  GILD
 Lizardjb3 Target price for  Merck is between 70-90.  EBIX has a similar price target.
Big Pharma and Corning lead initiative to manufacture pharmaceutical glass in U.S.  Merck  PFE  GLW
American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
 Lizardjb3 Luckily  Merck not on the list.
 AZN  BMY  Merck
*ASTRA'S SORIOT URGES EMPLOYEES TO STAY FOCUSED ON GOALS: MEMO

Doesn't bode well for Mystic, does is?
Scan results - Stochastic Buy Signal today:  LAMR  GGAL  OPB  MBFI  BMRN  CALM  BKD  CME  Merck  HRB ... 
American National Insurance Co. TX Maintains Stake in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
BidaskClub Downgrades Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck to Strong Sell 
Short setups  KMB  COST  ACM  FLR  DXCM  HA  FL  Merck  DKS 
 AZN MYSTIC results were due mid year last I head, could it be a Friday announcement tomorrow (implying poor results)?

 BMY  Merck  PFE
 GLW  PFE  Merck:

Corning to add 1K jobs, invest  500M as part of ‘Made in America …:


Dow  Stocks Trend  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Merck  DD  Boeing  CSCO  Apple  IBM  MCD  JPM  DIS  UNH  V  HD  TRV  MMM  AXP  GS    
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by WealthTrust Axiom LLC 
 Merck  PFE  GLW:

Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize …:


 Merck Merck and Pfizer Collaborate with Corning to Modernize Pharmaceutical Glass... 
 OP&GN perfect storm brewing...  Merck and Pfizer news coming... make it rain 😜 
Trump Says Merck, Pfizer And Corning Announce That Glass Packaging Will Be Made In America  Merck  benzinga
SunTrust Banks Comments on Merck & Company, Inc.’s Q2 2017 Earnings  Merck 
I don’t know PMBCL well, but this Keytruda data  Merck look good, curious others views compared to  KITE KTEC19 
Credit Suisse Cuts  Pfizer To Hold, Prefers Merck, J&J  PFE Also  JNJ  Merck 
 Merck  SPPI:

Roche’s Oryzon Farewell Spells More Bad News For Epigenetics:


 ScatmanGL  DrSManian oh yeah slap it up bid it up  PFE and  Merck in a bidding war over  OP&GN !!!!!!
 cornel6m Agree 100% esp with the Surviving Sepsis emphasis on early targeted antibiotic therapy this is the Future… 
 DrSManian The fight has begun between  Merck and  PFE over  OP&GN
 OP&GN 40% owned by  Merck & now  PFE deal for EU 

This is going way over 1 
What do we know about the amyloid theory for Alzheimer's?
  LLY  BIIB  AZN  RHHBY  Merck  JNJ
Merck's Keytruda speeds its I-O market-share grab as Bristol-Myers' Opdivo declines:  Merck  BMY  pharma  marketing
 OP&GN 3   Merck buyout could happen by EOY
Rumor buyout price 6 months ago was 6 
 Merck already owns 40% of  OP&GN
Mathes Company Inc. Sells 75 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Palo Capital Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Stake Decreased by Mathes Company Inc. 
 OP&GN  Merck We are likely to see a buyout by EOY
👇👇 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Given Hold Rating at Deutsche Bank AG 
 SPY  XLV  IBB  cspan 
 Prescription Drugs Next- HEALTHCARE  SESSIONS  PFE  MYL  UNH  Merck  ABBV  GILD
S&P100  Stocks Trend  GD  MSFT  CAT  FDX  PCLN  Intel  UPS  FOXA  Merck  CMCSA  HAL  DOW  DD  T  EMR  USB  ALL    
Pegasus Partners Ltd. Has  786,000 Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Lawsuit stalls approval of Merck’s  insulin injection.  Merck 
Credit Suisse cuts Pfizer to hold, prefers Merck, J&J  PFE  Merck  JNJ 
Merck Top news - Jul 20th, 2017  Merck 
US stocks waver as earnings and central banks dominate via  Barchart  SHW  SHLD  Merck  AMZN  ABT  PM
 nvax surging as Phase II/III data should be positive  8 coming!  pfe  jnj  mrk  gsk  shpg   dxtr  mrk  dxtr  dcth  capr  aezs  vrtx  
Pfizer Downgraded To Neutral From Outperform At Credit Suisse  PFE Also  JNJ  Merck 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Stake Cut by Pegasus Partners Ltd. 
 OP&GN Expect to see a  Merck buyout here soon
👇 
 Pepsi's Lying & Omitting Days Are Numbered  pep  ko  wmt  amzn  aapl  brk  iep  shak  cake  twtr  myl  mrk  f  gm… 
Capital Advisors Inc. OK Has  11.66 Million Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
LR  Merck  continues to gain share at expense of  BMY June's data suggesting a greater m/m improvement for Keytruda than in months past.
 Merck announces tentative FDA approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue  SNY
WealthTrust Axiom LLC Has  3.30 Million Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck is NJ State Employees Deferred Compensation Plan’s 8th Largest Position 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Welch & Forbes LLC 
Early Press Releases  STBoeing  ONCE  PRIM  MNRO  SPH  ADS  AAXN  Merck  USAT  ARAY  INCY  VP&G  DYN  P&GR  AMT  RNST  BoeingC  
 Merck Merck Announces U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA™ Nexvue™ (insulin glargine inject... - 
 Merck U.S. FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA Nexvue
 Merck:

Merck Announces US FDA Grants Tentative Approval for LUSDUNA …:


Will OJ Get Another Chance To Run Today? This Time from Jail!  vrx  agn  myl  mrk  twtr  fb  msft  ko  pep  jlf… 
Should drug makers be banned from buying back stock? A contentious notion. Take our reader poll..  pharma  GILD  Merck
Weekly S&P100  Stocks Trend  DOW  DD  FDX  MSFT  CAT  FOXA  GD  PCLN  CMCSA  HAL  Intel  UPS  Merck  USB  EMR    
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  DD  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Merck  Boeing  CSCO  Apple  IBM  JPM  MCD  UNH  DIS  V  HD  TRV  AXP    
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:0.90% Weekly:-1.25% YTD:4.89% Trend:100 / 100  
 petedoom This is even more insane ;-)
 Merck  OP&GN

No way Evans sells  OP&GN for <100M - anything <3.50 would be way too low & doubt  Merck tries to nickel & dime this -… 
Considering  RHHBY paid 450M for its competitor we could see  OP&GN agree to  Merck buyout for 100M or  3.70 /sh
Short… 
Been long 
 BBD   9.18
 Merck   63.17
 TSLA   327.73
 NFLX   161.09
7 months ago there was a strong rumor of  Merck  OP&GN buyout for 6  /sh
I believe this deal goes through at a lower p… 
 Merck took a 37.5% stake at much higher last year  OP&GN

Upside here is colossal 
👇👇👇 
 OP&GN now MC < 10M - could see  Merck just buyout the entire platform for pennies to the dollar
Would still be a big… 
 DrSManian Seems like  Merck may want to buy it
Besides  Merck being an investor in  OP&GN  David Rubin MD  Merck Global Health is on the BoD at  OP&GN 
 OP&GN has a key partnership with  Merck
👇
OpGen Inc. enters new partnership with Merck to fight superbugs  
Dow Jones Analysis Video -  DJIA  DIA  SDOW   XOM  GE  GS  Merck  PFE  BMY  VZ  stockmarket  stocks  trading  DowJones
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Rating Lowered to Strong Sell at BidaskClub 
