Big Pharma bombshell: Judge finds Merck lied in patent trial, overturns  200-million verdict 
These tips from  PerdueChicken will help you
throw an amazing cookout this weekend!  Promotion  PerdueCrew -… 
4.)  PRTK And if successful, also thank the likes of Novartis and Merck as they had a huge hand in developing omadacycline IV/oral
 Merck  Space_Station Um.... shuttle hasn't flown in over half a decade....
How Merck KGaA Uses People Analytics to Win in the New World of Work  peopleanalytics  thwnews
 BetsyDeVos -- article about Teen Vogue -- 
 CandiceEJackson -- article about Teen Vogue --  “Is Merck behind the teen anal sex article?” -- 
Asking the right questions about teens and anal sex. 
 UofG & OVC prof Stephen LeBlanc receives Merck Veterinary Award for work in farm animal health & production  ontag 
Merck Foundation CEO, Rasha Kelej on course to fight for 'infertile' women 
What about Ms.Merck class 
Several of our Diversity Ambassadors Attending the  Merck Knowledge Exchange for our Coop/interns this week. 
Callahan had Merck/ gorilla Jokes too back in the day, yeaaaa Ted doesn't know the code
 UofG &  OVC prof Stephen LeBlanc receives Merck Veterinary Award for work in farm animal health & production  ontag 
Merck & Company  Merck Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.07 
 Merck  Space_Station Why dont you really do some good for the people give them the meds they need without taking a profit.
 jdawson38995  TannersDad Page 7 clearly lists Encephalitis; encephalopathy as a side effec… 
When you promote yourself with a grounded spacecraft 😵 
 leslyann37  sonadorabella  markjarthur  doritmi  AtomsksSanakan  AndersonzTake  susan_welch7  wangstar20161… 
Panel from  Merck presenting case study on designing  DS  SingleUse components. 
I voted man I really love you and I really want this iPhone 7 or Merck please  jakepaul 
 JouwBaan  dts Head of Human Resources Netherlands
  Merck KGaA
 Merck  Space_Station Heard yall got hacked!
Merck KGaA refines Western European life science production site network 
Research Conducted at Merck & Company Has Provided New Information about Structural Biology (A novel ... 
Why Merck's Chief Science Officer Wants You to Geek Out Over Medicine as Much as You Do Over Self-Driving Cars CSO Daria Hazuda explains wh
 Merck  Space_Station F u c k y o u r permoted bloody melania trump: your pussy widowis yeminated. But not trystrat… 
Is . Merck behind the teen s*x article? -  Health  Teens  BigPharma  Propaganda  
 US_FDA  Merck revise MMR adverse events. Confirms MMR  vaccine can cause massive inflammation and bleeding of the… 
The Merck people having my cell phone number is starting to be an annoyance
Teen Vogue has long pushed Merck influenced articles and now parent co has a pharma division.… 
 Job  Stellenangebot - Merck Group: Internship at Innovation Center - Accelerator Program (m\/f)
 Ad_Suleman  dpasirst  vandwim  catalano_ilaria  Merck Looks awesome  Ad_Suleman !!! Definetly the intersection bet… 
Are you a  healthcare  marketer trying to better connect with doctors & patients? Read more  MMMnews  DigitalHealth… 
Here's How Drug Prices Actually Work 
 biotechnology NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical &... 
 biotechnology NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical &… 
 M&A NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical & healthcare… 
Share the story of molecular biology with a custom 3D printed protein model  Merck  keytruda 
EFFECTOR to Work with  pfizer  and  merckgroup  on Evaluating  Colorectal Cancer  Immunotherapy Combo… 
Shares of Eli Lilly, AstraZeneca, Merck, Gilead, Abbvie, Other Large Cap Biotech Spiking Higher  AZN  benzinga
Merck KGaA FStar shake on immuneoncology bispecifics. 
 Merck  Space_Station Inventions
Overview of Food Poisoning - Injuries and Poisoning - Merck Manuals Consumer Version 
 Merck  Space_Station We make sure that every drug we make produces side effects that require treatment with other… 
 Merck  Space_Station We distribute tons of opioids to poison the public and make even more money on our health car… 
Excited to be selected as a  Merck  ADchallenge finalist! Can’t wait for people with diabetes to hear… 
Merck KGaA  MKGAF.PK to Shutter Four Sites, Lay Off 200 Employees 
Reps from  Merck and  SustainableSols moderating panel on Time, Resources & Lives:  SingleUseSaves at  BPSASummit17!
 Merck  Space_Station  LTC is about to do this. Moon!
Over the past 6 years, we have saved 2.5B gallons of water. Learn about our environmental sustainability programs… 
 lauriekay21 Thanks for sharing your story, Laurie! We wish your husband the best of luck in the future.
Sabrina Restrepo  Merck breaking down the  BPSAsocma/ BPOG template, including requirements and supplier info secti… 
 Merck My husband is a 6 year cancer survivor.. had cancer in his left tonsil and neck lymph nodes...ending treatment 07/13/2011!!
Why can't people just clock in, do their jobs & clock out? Stfu don't talk to me. I hate your ass.
I literally hate everyone I work with except three people and I only like one of those three half the time. 🖕🏼
My boss loves the ass kissers so much & I feel like she hates me bc I don't kiss her ass but oh well 😅
 Merck's  Alexa  Diabetes challenge: Five solutions show voice tech’s potential in diabetes care… 
 B1Less Vaccine Injured News: Yea, they are not making any money. Merck  7,540,000,000 GSK  8,650,000,000  VaXism V… 
Great group of volunteers braved the heat to harvest peaches and squash today at  DelValHOH  Merck… 
Merck moves up sales rankings in vaccine industry projection 
Thanks  MerckAH for sponsoring the Merck Veterinary & CVMA Humane Awards  CVMAconv  CVMAawards
Dr. Stephen LeBlanc earns Merck Veterinary Award for research in the diagnosis & treatment of disease in dairy catt… 
Microsoft Becomes  27 Most Shorted Dow Stock, Replacing Merck (News Video) 
With more of an emphasis on storytelling, humor, and emotion, healthcare branding is becoming more authentic.


 DYK malnutrition, an issue hightlighted at  GCHD17, affects 42 million kids under 5 globally  WHO  WorldObesity 
Merck sued by their own virologists for improper testing and data falsification, lying about MMR vaccine's efficacy 
 Merck All you do is push your devil drugs on people.
 M&A Aduro Biotech Announces Milestone Achieved Relating To Collaboration With Merck & Co. For Development Of… 
 healthcare Aduro Biotech Announces Milestone Achieved Relating To Collaboration With Merck & Co. For Development... 
 biotechnology Aduro Biotech Announces Milestone Achieved Relating To Collaboration With Merck & Co. For… 
 biotechnology Aduro Biotech Announces Milestone Achieved Relating To Collaboration With Merck & Co. For... 
 FedHealthIT Xtra
. Merck seeks an Executive Director to lead Public Health Partnerships  G2XTake 
Merck's Constant Struggle With Leverage 
 Providers, need to walk  PWD through the ins and outs of their A1C Test? This can help:  diabetes  Merck
"The FDA and Merck revise the MMR vaccine package insert to include "Henoch-Schonlein purpua” and “acute... 
Yes! It's common sense!  SafetyFirst  wellnessatwork
 MakeItHappen 
Merck Created Hit List to "Destroy," "Neutralize" or "Discredit" Dissenting Doctors 
 colorectal Aduro Biotech Announces Milestone Achieved Relating To Collaboration With Merck & Co. For Development… 
 antibodies Aduro Biotech Announces Milestone Achieved Relating To Collaboration With Merck & Co. For Development… 
 ovariancancer Aduro Biotech Announces Milestone Achieved Relating To Collaboration With Merck & Co. For… 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of  0.86 Per Share 
Creating a healthy workplace for our employees is just as important to us as creating a healthier society:… 
Greetings to  MerckAH, our newest member!  
Is Merck behind the teen s*x article? via  wordpressdotcom
Parsec Financial Management Inc. Sells 2,837 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Day 4!  innovation team briefing w/ dpasirst enroute to meet early startups  collaboration  vandwim… 
Teen Vogue pimping anal sex to teens for Merck to sell more HPV vaccine? 
It may appear that the fun and games are over now, but there&a... More for Aquarius 
 doritmi  markjarthur  AtomsksSanakan  AndersonzTake  susan_welch7  wangstar20161  DanaElizabeth69  AES64… 
Merck KGaA  reorg will claim 200 jobs;  TSRO shares sink on new report discounting buyout talk  biotech via endpts 
 kidoctr  DrV_ICHNFMorg  DrPanMD  NVICLoeDown Merck adding HSP & AHEI to the MMR package insert suggests that Singh… 
 Merck  realDonaldTrump  CplBart  CplBart harmed by pharmaceutical corruption lies/ deceptionBYomission SINGULAIR… 
 JouwBaan  dts  vacature Head of Human Resources Netherlands
  Merck KGaA
Lot Antique Vtg Apothecary Pharmaceutical Bottle Can Eli Lily Merck Poison Squil 
 Merck 5/ Thank you solvers! Your concepts show the global potential for voice-enabled solutions in healthcare: 
 Merck 4/ We called for US innovators, but saw web interest from 82 countries, including India, Japan, Singapore, C… 
 Merck 3/Entrants not only included software startups, but also: research orgs, healthcare providers, wearable make… 
 Merck 2/ Submissions not only flexed  voice capability, but also included devices,  machinelearning analytics tool… 
 rbhar90  vijaypande Is this the first time Merck is making the Kaggle, Factors, Kinase, and UV data publicly avail… 
1/From the 96 submissions to  Merck sponsored Alexa  DiabetesChallenge, 5 were named today as finalists.Big takeaways from open submissions:
 ADRO: Aduro Biotech earns a  2 mln milestone payment under its licensing agreement with Merck (Merck) for work... 
 Mal4Congress But Mal, the pharmaceutical companies stand to loose billions with single-payer. What about THEIR nee… 
At least 25pc of productive African couples infertile - 
Congr. to the winners! Looking fwd to seeing how these concepts become a reality for T2D patients… 
Aduro Announces Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody f.. 
Merck KGaA, Sigma-Aldrich Accused of Misleading EU on Merger | GEN Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News… 
Merck KGaA life sciences reorg will claim 200 jobs; Amicus follows FDA changeup with a  225M offering  biotech
Announcing the Alexa  DiabetesChallenge finalists! 5 voice-enabled solutions that can help improve patients’ lives: 
Merck KGaA life sciences reorg will claim 200 jobs; Amicus follows FDA changeup with a  225M offering 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub 
 Stocks  Investing  Stockmarket  nanoStockAnalysis Merck's Constant Struggle With Leverage 
Merck's Constant Struggle With Leverage  Merck
If so, invent  safevaccines free of autism-causing carcinogens. 

 SocialResponsibility 
Biomarker-Driven Clinical Trial Gives Merck the Lead in the Immuno-Oncology Drug Race 
 CRWDiversity  DiversityGlo  Merck  MerckIMInspired Fantastic!!! What an honor, Celeste
Seminar by Dr Michal Krompiec from Merck Chemicals - Simulation of Org.  DataScience  Bigdata. [… 
Merck KGaA to Shutter Four Sites, Lay Off 200 Employees 
Aduro receives  2m Milestone from  Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody for the Treatment of Cancer  ADRO  Merck
About Wed Afternoon: Attended the  Merck Knowledge Exchange - A GREAT event! Bonus: Got to tour Upper Gwynedd! 🙌🏼…
Jefferies Group LLC Sets Merck & Company Q2 2017 Earnings Estimates at  0.86 Per Share.  Merck  Merck
FDA and Merck admit to more MMR risks. 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Tealwood Asset Management Inc. 
 ADRO receives  2M milestone payment from  Merck 
9,570 Shares in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Acquired by Paragon Capital Management Ltd 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ 
Aduro Announces Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody for… 
European Union watchdog probes Germany's Merck for  antitrust violations via  statnews  healthcare
 ADRO Aduro Announces Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with Merck for Development of Anti-CD2... - 
 ADRO:  2M Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with  Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody  
Aduro Announces Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody for t 
Only 1 week until our  MRO auction - Ft. equipment from  Merck,  sanofi and other leading firms! Register now here: 
Judge: Merck actions => “systematic & outrageous deception in conjunction with unethical biz practices & litigation… 
Aduro Announces Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with Merck for Development of Anti-CD27  ADRO 
 cervicalcancer: NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck 
NetScientific: PDS Collaborates With Merck 
Progress in the discovery of small  molecule modulators of the Cys-loop superfamily  receptors  Amgen  Merck… 
Read "The Human Face of Digitalization" in cooperation with  merck_de. ➡️  catchcurious… 
Top  health story: NetScientific (NSCI) - PDS collaborates with Merck — BioPort… see more 
 NolanBrook  LizGenever  BorderSoftware  Merck  Ceva_UK Will have a look through our records
Yesterday at Merck Italy in  Rome to complete the Hackathon Follow Up program. Amazing day! :)

 TOMMI  VR 
 healthcare NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical &... 
 LizGenever  BorderSoftware  Merck  Ceva_UK  MeadowsFarmVets might be able to help
NetScientific: PDS Collabоrates With Merck 
Do you want  Merck to remind you that your kids are not in compliance with the CDC  chedule? Its coming...  vaxfax
You can win €5.000, a trip to the X-Innovation Summit in Dubai, 6 months sponsored business incubation  Merck
They are looking for innovators with bright ideas for products and technologies who want to make life better.  Merck
 Opportunity  for Students. The Merck Innovation Center are hosting a virtual challenge running for only 3 more days.
Merck Ventures, CRUK launch new immuno-oncology spinout biotech iOnctura 
NetScientific: PDS Collaborates With Merck - 
NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck - Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical & healthcare NetScie... 
 clinicalapprovals : NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck 
. NetScientific portfolio companies, PDS collaborates with Merck to investigate cancer vaccine.   Edison_Inv_Res… 
Is Merck behind the teen s*x article? 
 Melanoma News: NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck 
 vaccine  vaccines NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical &… 
 colorectal NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical & healthcare… 
 ovariancancer NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical &… 
 Merck  Space_Station Reinventions. What was old is new again.
Retweeted ( VACTRUTH):

Is Merck behind the teen s*x article?... 
 lungcancer news: NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck 
"Tanzania welcomes Merck foundation to the country." - H.E Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan happy to partner wit… 
Merck Foundation will focus on empowering infertile women through access to info, awareness, health, change of mind… 
Merck Foundation will focus on providing one-year & two-year Surgical and Paediatric oncology fellowship program fo… 
Dementia Consortium through:  lifearc1  LillyPad  abbvie  Merck  ARUKnews - great to see such focus in this area… 
“Merck Foundation commits to a long-term partnership with Govt of Tanzania to build healthcare capacity." said Dr.… 
 neurology news: NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck 
NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical & healthcare… 
 drugdiscovery NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical &…  drug
 cancer  cancer NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck: Edison Investment Research Pharmaceutical &… 
3  YouthChampions Working to Close Critical Gaps in  FamilyPlanning via  HuffPost  MerckforMothers  Merck  Nairobi
Dr. Rasha Kelej, CEO of Merck Foundation paid a courtesy visit to H.E. Vice President of Tanzania, Samia Suluhu Has… 
 clinicaltrials news NetScientific NSCI PDS collaborates with Merck 
"NetScientific
PDS collaborates with Merck" on  LinkedIn
New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust Sells 10,000 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Northeast Investment Management Has  1.93 Million Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Merck KGaA picks winners and losers as it streamlines EU production network, cutting 200 jobs 
Safety of Biologics Therapy - Monoclonal Antibodies, Cytokines, Fusion ... | Brian A. Baldo | Springer |  scoopit 
 JaiSrikrishna9 both Heidelberg  TV18 Merck Anantraj TIL .. r infact calls that i did nt write last night  !
Merck  CMP 1143.95 INVEST   1143 SL 945 TGT 1420 1 mth .. F1 RIDE !  ....13Jul17  13;28 
Fabs-in-tandem immunoglobulin is a novel and versatile bispecific design for engaging multiple ther... |  scoopit 
 Fibromyalgia made up disease. 2 shut women up who were hard 2 diagnose. Excuse 2 give them tranquilizers. Says so right in "Merck Manual".
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:0.90% Weekly:-1.25% YTD:4.89% Trend:100 / 100  
Drs. Denzinger & Lubda are giving talks on Advanced Drug Delivery at IDDST Japan on 7/25 
 Merck Greetings
 KappeLab  HannesGemoets  V_Saggiomo  ITC_Cambridge  Merck  Pericas_Lab  MAPerBro Deadline for poster abstracts: Au… 
SPO Technician Trainee - 2nd Shift: Merck - West Point, PA - , material handling and packaging operations including… 
Men&women should practice safe sex &avoid risky behaviors that can lead to STDs. This is the story of Elishiba Njok… 
 HybridIT helps  Merck deliver life-saving medicine 
 henryshepherd  Merck  Ceva_UK Can you please send me your contact number and email to liz.genever ahdb.org.uk? Thanks
 rhyshopkins95  Cesca_Beswick  Merck  Ceva_UK Can you please send me your contact number and email to liz.genever ahdb.org.uk? Thanks
 MikeCrawshaw4  Cesca_Beswick  Merck  Ceva_UK Can you please send me your contact number and email to liz.genever ahdb.org.uk? Thanks.
" TeenVogue has been on the receiving end of some butt  sex backlash..."

I go where I'm needed and stay where I'm wanted. 
 JouwBaan  werk  vacature Head of Human Resources Netherlands
  Merck KGaA
Merck Foundation affirmed their partnership w/ African countries to empower infertile women through access to info,… 
Merck Foundation affirmed their long-term partnership with African countries to provide practical training for fert… 
During OAFLA, Merck Foundation affirmed their long term partnership with African countries to provide oncology fell… 
Its alright Merck and their scientists say they're all right, so they must be.
Prof. Stangenberg-Haverkamp,Chairman of Board of Trustees,Merck Foundation was the guest of honor during the 19th G… 
Merck Foundation continues its strong partnership with African Countries to build healthcare capacity through scien… 
 Merck  Space_Station Do U investigate in  Cannabis  stemcell &  exercise 3 VERY strong helping hands in… 
Despite successful clinical trials, Novartis & Merck must articulate their value proposition to offset the expected… 
 0.87 EPS Expected for Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck This Quarter 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of  9.70 Billion 
 Merck  Fuck you for your involvement with Teen Vogue.  Leave our children out of your game and BiH, you greedy, self-serving bastards.
 fitzgerbs Merck I had a user who works with MDA report one earlier today.  Made my heart proud
 jenlefferts  Merck I know. Like I said, my kids got the shots BBC doctor rec, but I still felt guilty watching thi… 
 deray Doubt you would make it past selection process as you wear your racial motivations on your sleeve for every one to see.
MUST SEE: Dr Humphries Examines Data on  Gardasil From Merck's Own Package Insert

 VAXXED 
Notice the "vaccinated but still measles" 🙄 

Great work, Merck! 
MERCK & CO. (Merck) ranked  327 out of 495 in the S&P 500 ranking: 
sharing  suaju Wednesday's movers: Facebook stuck in red - MarketWatch  facebook  internet 
on watch  Merck 
5 things for  pharma  marketers to know: Thu., July 13  AZN  TEVA  FDA  FOLD  Diabetes  Merck  RareDisease  AGN… 
Merck & Company  Merck Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.07 
5 Drug Stocks Well Poised to Beat Q2 Earnings Estimates  Merck  SGEN  VNDA  CELG  GILD 
10 Companies Make Up 30% Of Market's Top Div Fund  MSFT  JNJ  XOM  JPM  WFC  GE  T  P&G  PFE  CVX  VZ  KO  PM  Merck


Why AstraZeneca's rumored chief executive exit is bad timing  AZN  TEVA  Merck  BMY 
Must have leaked out of US Senate.  IBB flying. Shorts are going to scramble in the last hour. If going UP  2- 4 each:  NVS  Merck  BMY  PFE
 SPY  Healthcare didnt get done......  XLV  XBI  UNH  PFE  Merck  ABBV  ABT  HUM  CI
 Merck if it touches  62, I will load up on Call options....
 Merck looking attractive here if  IBB breaks higher....
600+ Companies That All Have One Positive Trait In Common 
 MNST  MO  MOMO  MON  MPAA  MPX  Merck  MSB  MSFT  MSGN
5 Pharma & Biotech Stocks That Could Be Big Winners in Q2 Earnings  LLY  GILD  CELG  Merck  SHP&G  zacks
Lilly Settles Patent Litigation on Cialis with Generic Firms  LLY  AZN  Merck  SNY
5 Pharma & Biotech Stocks That Could Be Big Winners in Q2 Earnings  GILD  CELG  Merck  LLY
 JNJ "safe bet" in consumer products  medicaldevice &  Pharma
 PFE  Merck  NVS  ROG  SNY  ABBV  GSK  BMY
Why? biz seg… 
S&P100  Stocks Trend  GD  MSFT  CAT  FDX  PCLN  Intel  UPS  FOXA  Merck  CMCSA  HAL  DOW  DD  T  EMR  USB  ALL    
Dow  Stocks Trend  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Merck  DD  Boeing  CSCO  Apple  IBM  MCD  JPM  DIS  UNH  V  HD  TRV  MMM  AXP  GS    
 AZN  Merck  TEVA  BMY:

Why AstraZeneca’s Rumored Chief Executive Exit Is Bad Timing:


Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of  0.86 Per Share 
Parsec Financial Management Inc. Sells 2,837 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
5  Pharma &  Biotech  Stocks That Could Be Big Winners In Q2 Earnings  Merck  GILD  LLY  CELG  SHP&G 
Merck Top news - Jul 13th, 2017  Merck 
Dow Jones Analysis Video -  DJIA  DIA  SDOW   XOM  GE  GS  Merck  PFE  BMY  VZ  stockmarket  stocks  trading  DowJones
 isrg to acquire  dxtr?!  pfe  jnj  mrk  gsk  shpg   dxtr  mrk  CERU  MSDI  SPEX  CLSN  dxtr  dcth  mnk
 ADRO Earns  2.0M milestone payment under its worldwide licensing deal with  Merck 
 Merck Major Pharma Short Sellers Become More Selective 
 ScatmanGL  AGN has been active on m&a - and already is in the space with  Merck deal. Might pull the trigger  ALDR
👇

 SPY  XLV  PFE  HUM  CI  GILD  UNH  Merck  ABBV Doctors make last-ditch effort to sink GOP health-care bill 
Just go  3 already  DRRX or - better yet - stop messing around with collaboration agreement  NVS & just buy them outright!

 GILD  AMGN  Merck
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Rating Lowered to Sell at BidaskClub 
Amgen Receives FDA Approval For BLINCYTO  Merck  AMGN
Merck's Constant Struggle With Leverage  Merck
 Merck 5 Pharma & Biotech Stocks That Could Be Big Winners in Q2 Earnings 
Aduro receives  2m Milestone from  Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody for the Treatment of Cancer  ADRO  Merck
Jefferies Group LLC Sets Merck & Company Q2 2017 Earnings Estimates at  0.86 Per Share.  Merck  Merck
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Tealwood Asset Management Inc. 
7/13 200D MA Watch List:  CF  MYL  LOW  FOXA  GRPN  LYB  DBoeing  CARA  Merck  LULU  AMGN  ETE  BMY  NUE  AIG  POT  CBS  SRPT  IEF  SHAK  trading
 ADRO receives  2M milestone payment from  Merck 
9,570 Shares in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Acquired by Paragon Capital Management Ltd 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Shares Sold by Supplemental Annuity Collective Trust of NJ 
 ADRO:  2M Milestone Achieved Relating to Collaboration with  Merck for Development of Anti-CD27 Antibody  
 Merck  KITE  JUNO:

T-cell cancer therapy holds promise, longer-term results await:


Weekly S&P100  Stocks Trend  DOW  DD  FDX  MSFT  CAT  FOXA  GD  PCLN  CMCSA  HAL  Intel  UPS  Merck  USB  EMR    
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  DD  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Merck  Boeing  CSCO  Apple  IBM  JPM  MCD  UNH  DIS  V  HD  TRV  AXP    
New Jersey Better Educational Savings Trust Sells 10,000 Shares of Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
Northeast Investment Management Has  1.93 Million Position in Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck 
 Dow  stocks  Merck Merck  Daily:0.90% Weekly:-1.25% YTD:4.89% Trend:100 / 100  
<< I’ve reviewed the best stock alert services so you don’t have to!  srpt  fb  myl  mrk
Highest Call-Put ratio vs OI. CALL:  FCAU  Merck  FB  PYPL  HOLX  QRVO  ENDP. PUT:  XLV  IWM  GLD  XBI  NRG  CLR 
➡➡➡… 
 0.87 EPS Expected for Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck This Quarter 
Merck & Company, Inc.  Merck Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of  9.70 Billion 
Multiply your wealth with Profectus Systems.  GRMN  WBoeing  Merck  TTWO  ATVI  QID  Z  CRM  ADM  TIF  LVMUY  VLKAY  DB  CS
 IONS  AMGN  Merck   antisense  RNAi Interview with Paul Burke via  OTSociety
