 walkercandis  TalkingTiger44  thehill  realDonaldTrump The "Russian planes" were built by Americans, dingbat. By Boeing!
CNNfn:  Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers . More  Aviation  news - 
Boeing to turn undelivered 747s meant for Russian customer into new Air Force Ones 
Which Russian oligarchs get bailed out by Trump buying new Air Force One planes from Boeing that were ordered by a bankrupt RU airline?
(Washington Post)  Air  Force and Boeing near deal for presidential airplanes that were once destined for.. 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Position Cut by Beech Hill Advisors Inc. 
 Boeing expects India to order up to 2100 planes over next 20 years - Mirage News : 
Let's be fair. Russians ordered them. Defaulted before taking possession. USAF buying from Boeing vs doing a new bu… 
Good deal for Boeing & USAF. If Air Force One is impressive now as a 30yo 747-200, just wait till she flies as a 21… 
Air Force and Boeing near deal for presidential airplanes that were once destined for Russia 
Air India home to first female captain of a Boeing 777: via  CNTraveler
Boeing ‘planning China factory' | 
 kdbk42  thehill They are American planes stored and owned by Boeing
"Pentagon May Turn Russian Airline's 747s Into Air Force One" by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via NYT 
Boeing had built two 747-8s out of an order of four. 
 thehill Thx to Jacques: I reread The Hill article & see Boeing has ownership of the planes; not Russia. Maybe a 45… 
 PhillyD Boeing and Telsa are pretty good choices now
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers
via  CNNMoneyStream
 Tucker5law This is a fairly astute move, surprisingly. Brand-new mothballed Boeing 747 aircraft.
1 Boeing stocks going up 
Trump wanted cheaper Air Force 1. So USAF is buying bankrupt Russian firm's undelivered 747s  avgeek via  defenseone
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s - Defense One 
 FKAFernando  thehill  realDonaldTrump  usairforce  WhiteHouse  GOP  DNC The plane never went to Russia it's been s… 
No Russian entity of any kind ever took delivery of these aircraft from Boeing.  

Fake and gay. 
Boeing Factory Tour - How Long Does It Take? - Seattle Forum - TripAdvisor 
 theScore If STUPID could fit he would be a Boeing 747
 mg62529  WSJ They are Boeing 747s. A Russian airline bought them but went bankrupt before they could use them.
 michaelsantoli Boeing play, and It's weak      friendly :)
 thehill The planes were made by Boeing and never left the factory, they were to be delivered to Russia but now we… 
 This will save taxpayers billions with a capital B! That raises his grade from f- to a big red f!
MilitaryTimes: Boeing to turn undelivered 747s meant for Russian customer into new Air Force Ones … 
Boeing 747s ordered by bankrupt Russian airline may end up as Air Force One jets 
 mike_axelrod  thehill  realDonaldTrump they never left the boeing plant
A fmr Boeing exec promising “tough compromise”. Staff creates him a Twitter acct and he immediately tweets his password.  2020DemCandidates
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Shares Sold by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. - The Cerbat Gem : 
 RogueCPI Come on. These planes have been owned by Boeing their entire existence. We are not buying "Russian planes". JFC.
 Sheilabrandenb2  thehill He hates Boeing because Boeing is the  1 employer in  WAState and he lost here
Prepare to get your breath taken away with these amazing photos from a cockpit ✈️. 
Prepare to get your breath taken away with these  amazing photos 📸 from a cockpit ✈️.  photography… 
Don’t underestimate the need for that central integration, especially with increasing aircraft automation.  redblue
Tips for Visiting Boeing Factory/Museum of Flight/Spruce Goose - FlyerTalk Forums 
Will This Be the Last Passenger 747 Ever Delivered?

In 1968, the first Boeing 747 rolled out of the hanger to gas… 
 thehill What? Is this some back room deal between Trump and Putin.We don't want junky Russian planes. Ever heard o… 
JAPAN AIRLINES Boeing 777-346ER PushBack Towing Tokyo Haneda Internation...

ああ^^〜 
 FKAFernando  thehill  realDonaldTrump  usairforce  WhiteHouse  GOP  DNC No it goes to Boeing 
Boeing's newest factory in China put into use - People's Daily Online 
Boeing’s new electronics unit may cost its suppliers 
Flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
 sub_terra_nomad  thehill On that Boeing still owns them?
I actually like to feel the air moving inside this metal tube.   Boeing  SouthwestAir 
Aircraft, like iPhones, are incredibly integrated. Apple makes it own processors, Boeing’s doing the same.  redblue
Trump wanted a cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF is buying bankrupt russian firm’s undelivered 747s via  defenseone
*Lyft costs too much! Use Lyft,  50 credit for new users << CODE to type in: PREZ >> Boeing Company  
Boeing 747s ordered by bankrupt Russian airline may end up as Air Force One jets 
By AFP 32 mins ago in World The US Air Force is about to buy two mothballed Boeing 747s that were…  UnitedNewsofUSA
 petesrod  thehill Never left Boeing facility they were never finishdd
The  Boeing 747-400 Dreamliner at  futureofflight. This airplane is bigger than it looks in the picture. 
SEATTLE!!! The  BlueAngels are in town for the Boeing Seafair Air Show!!
Thanks to 128th Air Refueling Wing for... 
NEWS Boeing’s new electronics unit may cost its suppliers – CNNMoney 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers 
REPORT: Air Force to Purchase Transaero 747 Frames for Air Force One 
 thehill They never actually left Boeing
 WSJ They have got to be kidding.  Talk about a BoeingD DEAL.  I think Boeing is screwing the U.S.  POTUS, I am not tired of winning yet! 🤬🤬
 AnthonyFlyer40  thehill Boeing made them.
CNNMoney Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  Agribusiness  Investor  Nigeria
U.S. will buy two 747 jumbo jets from Boeing for use as the next Air Force One fleet 
 sub_terra_nomad  thehill They are because Boeing owns them
Boeing Creates New Avionics and Electronics Unit 
Excellent use of AI  bigthink: A.I. Just “Landed” a Boeing 737 for the First Time By Itself: 
Super exciting that ELAL will soon be getting the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Looks great. Doesn't it?  ELALUSA… 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Hawaiian Airlines Boeing 717-200 Flight 158 Inter-Island Service Review
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group - Markets Daily : 
Two ex-Transaero Boeing 747-8Is which were intended to be sold  IranAir are now going to be next  US presidential A… 
How much does a "like new"  367 million dollar  Boeing 747-8 retail for? 

Boeing’s new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  USA  US  USBiz
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  SecureWealth  MoneyManagement
AP: Pentagon considers buying Boeing 747s originally ordered by Russian airline to serve as new Air Force One jets. 
The  Boeing 747-400 is a versatile aircraft with various capabilities. This is the Boeing 747-400ERF preparing for… 
 loritaylor_  thehill What happen to the Boeing deal that would be 🇺🇸 made by 🇺🇸workers Another  realDonaldTrump pr… 
 NationalDebt  JoeNBC Trump just purchase 2 Boeing 747 for fleet of next Air Force one , please add another  2bln
 TalkingTiger44  thehill What happen to the Boeing deal that would be 🇺🇸 made by 🇺🇸workers Another  realDonaldTrump… 
Bankrupted Russian firm's jets may become Air Force One

The US Air Force is about to buy two mothballed Boeing 747s that were abandoned by…
 Turntablez  thehill What happen to the Boeing deal that would be 🇺🇸 made by 🇺🇸workers Another  realDonaldTrump pro… 
Boeing’s Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380:
 Aviation  Aircraft
 mike_axelrod  thehill  realDonaldTrump What happen to the Boeing deal that would be 🇺🇸 made by 🇺🇸workers Another… 
 AnthonyFlyer40  thehill Since those planes are bought and paid for by Russia, why not put Americans to work at Boe… 
 thehill If u snowflakes cared to actually read the story, Boeing nvr del. the planes. They were tested & put in st… 
 thehill What happen to the Boeing deal that would be 🇺🇸 made by 🇺🇸workers Another  realDonaldTrump promise broken… 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers CNNmoney
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: U.S. will buy two 747 jumbo jets from Boeing for use as the next Air Force One fleet 
 JACochran29  OnionRingz_com  paulsmathers  thehill I think most thinking people understand that. Yet the proceeds… 
 WSJ Ok, Boeing makes the same jet to sell to the US, Russia, China, etc. It's not a "Russian" jet. Americans intel… 
Boeing’s new electronics unit may cost its suppliers
 Legal News  
Apply: 
Boeing’s new electronics unit may cost its suppliers
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  bisoftware 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers   storystream 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  blaiusmarketing 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  urbantrees 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  packagingplusmn 
U.S. will buy two 747 jumbo jets from Boeing for use as the next Air Force One fleet via  WSJ  jonostrower
US will buy two 747 jumbo jets from  Boeing for use as the next Air Force One fleet via  WSJ  deals  business  news
WSJ: U.S. will buy two 747 jumbo jets from Boeing for use as the next Air Force One fleet 
 marklevinshow If the world is going to fry in three years then why doesn't Boeing and other manufacturers stop making planes, and cars
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers via  mrslac2017  socialmedia  mlm 
Dow's Trip Toward 22,000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings via  bllshbrsh
 RealDavidNetFlo  BrianCBock  NoDeanin18  thehill Did Boeing always have the jets in their possession? Otherwise huge security risk.
 dcexaminer Laughing my ossoff- you seriously need to know something about how Boeing builds planes-
 Free cover until 6:30pm  KittensCabaret   Seattle  SODOArena  Microsoft  Amazon  Boeing  ILWU  nude  girls… 
 Hey_tRUMP_2017  thehill Maintenance on it at Boeing expense
 Hey_tRUMP_2017  thehill They have to sell it to move does no good having it on the lot, same thing here cost Boein… 
 Marina_Sirtis The headline is misleading. The buyer never took possession of the jets and they have been sitting i… 
Boeing’s new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  business  globalbiz
New post: "Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers" 
 f4rhadn  At the moment, you can use WiFi on all of our brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliners and on 1 of our Boeing 777-300 aircraft. >>
 XRIM  MONEY WSJ

U.S. will buy two 747 jumbo jets from Boeing for use as the next Air Force One fleet 
— Wall Str…
President Obama tours 787 Dreamliner at Boeing factory - VidInfo 
 StratSentinel Actually they're buying them from Boeing who owns the airplanes.
The bankrupt airline never actually paid for them.
 catvalente It sounded suspicious to me but they are just preorders that weren't paid for. They've never left Boeing.
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Receives “Hold” Rating from Canaccord Genuity - Markets Daily : 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  online 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  Boeing
 Boeing comes close to closing deal for  AirForceOne flee... 
 thehill And just how does  Boeing feel about that?
"Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers"The aerospace giant it's adding 480 jobs by 2019 to make its… 
Brava! Pilot, 30, is believed to be the youngest woman ever to captain a Boeing 777 via  WomenintheWorld
Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One 
Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One  PAID 
Boeing 747s set aside for bankrupt Russian airline may end up as future Air Force One jets 
 Hey_tRUMP_2017  thehill Because many people saying the same stupid shit a Boeing 747 is made in America no matter… 
cnn: Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers
 CramersShirt I only say Apple becoz I sold my Boeing for an 88% gain at 230
Boeing’s new electronics unit may cost its suppliers 
Russian Air Force One is cheaper because the jets come pre-bugged.


Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers - Boeing will once again make its own airplane computers a... 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers - The aerospace giant it's adding 480 jobs by 2019 to make... 
Beautiful takeoff condensations on board a  flyswiss_ch Boeing 777-300ER to LAX!

 swiss… 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers via  Strive2 | 🚀 by 
A Rockwell Collins Deal Keeps Looking Smarter - Bloomberg 
. Boeing 747s that were left behind by bankrupt Russian airline may end up as future  AirForceOne jets:… 
Boeing Everett Factory - Everett, Washington - Airline Industry Service, Region | Facebook 
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  Boeing  Boeing
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers: Boeing will once again make its own airplane computers and…… 
Pentagon considers buying Boeing 747s originally ordered by Russian airline to serve as... by  AP via  c0nvey
 WSJ Not buying Boeing shares does not boycott Boeing in any way. It only impacts Boeing shareholders. That's NOT the same thing.
 3DXIndustries Hi what did Boeing think of the tour your facility when you showed them around? When will the final filings be ready to post?
 Boeing expects India to order up to 2100  aircraft over 20 years - from  TimesOfIndia : 
 petesrod  thehill They were built by Boeing.
 petesrod  thehill It is America first they are owned by Boeing!
 scottaeckert  thehill A private company in Russia purchased them they went bankrupt while Boeing was completing th… 
TODAY'S NEWS ...real news that the media ain't telling ya.

Boeing is hiring...  
Lockheed is hiring... 
G.E. is... 
 scottaeckert  thehill They don't belong to Russia they belong to Boeing.
Pentagon considers buying Boeing 747s originally ordered by Russian airline to serve as new Air Force One jets. 
 GeorgWebb  TrishaDishes  csthetruth SORRY MY ACCT WAS LOCKED TODAY UGH!Did U KNO  RodWheeler works 4 Boeing? And has donated 2 HRC campaign
 AVIATIONBLOGS  EAA  FLYINGMAGAZINE  AVIATIONWEEK  AOPA  BOEING  AVIATION 
 BoeingRNSTORMING THEM TO THEE SAVIOUR 
Trump Reportedly Wants Boneyard Planes For Air Force One | Stock News & Stock Market Analysis - IBD 
Check out this incredible footage in these F-15 Eagles. Enjoy and share!   military  f15eagle   airforce   usaf… 
 OnionRingz_com  paulsmathers  thehill Paragraph 6 - "Boeing flight-tested and put the two jets in storage while it searched for a buyer"
 Smitty48703  thehill Boeing made these and still owns them
 thehill Headline is very, very misleading. The purchase is from Boeing, not the Russian airline or its new owner.
 AnnetteDenham  thehill They never left the USA been in Boeing possession the whole time
 cheryl27613  thehill They hasn't left the Boeing plant been in storage in the USA since they were started
SPOTTED on one of our I-5 cameras: the  BlueAngels chilling at Boeing Field & getting ready for Thursday's practice… 
Does Rockwell Collins Have Anything To Fear From Boeing's New Avionics Unit?  benzinga 
TRump bails out Russia  - gets them out of their debt to Boeing - Russia couldn't afford to pay for these ... weird 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Raised to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) - Chaffey Breeze : 
 smbp0099  thehill Trying understand you're point? DJT making money from Boeing stock? Why would he cancel order fo… 
 hharteveldt  Boeing Seems like a win-win.  Those white tails could have ended up in VCV!
 Adampreslar  thehill They never left the Boeing factory in Washington state!
 Shannxo  lfc_riley It should, a boeing 737 could land on that thing
 Hey_tRUMP_2017  thehill They never left Boeing :-/
I believe Boeing is getting ready to shut down the 747 line as their freighter sales were not great. 
 mem10565  thehill They are Boeing aircraft made by Boeing an American company these planes never left the Boeing plant!
 LouDobbs BOEING/GE CEOs led Obama's trade & job councils & won't hand over emails w/ HRC 
GE… 
 AP Pentagon considers buying Boeing 747s originally ordered by Russian airline to serve as new Air Force One jets. 
AP: Pentagon considers buying Boeing 747s originally ordered by Russian airline to serve as new Air Force One jets… 
Boeing Helps Blue-Chip Index Soar to New Highs -- WSJ | Fox Business 
From the desert boneyard to  AirForceOne by  Boeing  Mojave 
 SandyLynnWallis  thehill These never left Boeing! They were made in America!
Maybe I need to be in a higher stakes business. If Boeing did airplanes like Wi-Fi vendors do Wi-Fi, we'd have 10,000 plane crash deaths/yr.
 Irysdawn  thehill Boeing didn't finish them and they have been in Boeing control the entire time
AP reports Pentagon considers buying Boeing 747s originally ordered by Russian airline to serve as new Air Force O… 
 AllegoricalData  thehill Boeing 747 are all made in the usa
Air Force and Boeing near deal for presidential airplanes that were once... 
 winger_desiree  thehill It's a Boeing 747 they have always been made in the USA! For the love of god
 ValerieInsinna  TheBaseLeg Whatever it is, I betcha USAF pays a lot more than any airline would to get those 748-8… 
 msbizz73  thehill  realDonaldTrump This headline couldn't be more misleading . The planes are being purchased from… 
 scottaeckert  thehill It is American Boeing is an American company and the 747-8 is made in Washington state
 krownjules  thehill No goes straight to Boeing. Russia has nothing to do with the transaction!
 phillynormal  thehill Because they never created a title the car is brand new.  Same for this no one took ownershi… 
Boeing B-17G Flying Fortress – “Aluminum Overcast” 
Boeing - Dow's Trip Toward 22000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings 
 thehill The headline could not be more misleading . They are being purchased from Boeing not Russian airline. Shame on The Hill .
 smbp0099  thehill The way I understand the article. Airline order them, went bankrupt before delivery. Boeing owns them.
. Boeing,  airindiain come together to skill AMEs 

Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards (none)
"Pentagon May Turn Russian Airline's 747s Into Air Force One" 
So it's not like they ever left Boeing's control. So concern no more than normal.
 FoxNews Frank Lind. Please it's not the Dem party it's you & your crooked obstructionist party that is Boeing down… 
 EasterbrookG What are you talking about? They are Boeing 747s that were not purchased by a bankrupt Airline.
Future Boeing type naming convention to include emojis - 
 thehill Did any of you actually read the article? Frames produced by Boeing but never delivered, never purchased.… 
 marynew  thehill The plane is owned by Boeing an American company!
 FG_STrim  jonostrower  LeehamNews What if Boeing started up the MD-11 line up again? Three engines ok?
 Boeing forecasts demand for 2100 new  aircraft in India - SME Times : 
 OnionRingz_com  paulsmathers  thehill They are stored at a Boeing storage facility.  The planes were never owned b… 
 OnionRingz_com  paulsmathers  thehill "were originally ordered in 2013 by Russia's second-biggest airline Transaer… 
 smbp0099  thehill Read the article. Boeing bought planes back and are keeping them in storage. Will save a billion… 
 Kathleen1818  RD_Mullin  Bencjacobs The planes never left the US soil. The Russian company only paid a 1% deposit… 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s v  defenseone
Will fly a boeing 737 tomorrow bcz Need to get high asap
 LukeYount  MargeryAPW  thehill Story says Boeing put them in storage and sought buyers...maybe for the Russian Company?
Boeing in talks to sell Tansaero 747s for Air Force One replacement 
 Trump Wanted Cheaper Air Force 1 So USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s  tcot via  defenseone
 JACochran29  thehill Do U remember electoral-elect DJT saying the Boeing contract 4Air Force 1 should be canceled?
Chapter 8.docx - Chapter 8 1 A Boeing factory in Everett Washington manufactures 787 Dreamliner jet aircraft Wha... 
"Pentagon May Turn Russian Airline's 747s Into Air Force One" by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS via  NYT 
The Dow's latest rally is brought to you by Boeing and Visa earnings 
 JACochran29  thehill And after DJT's electoral-elect Boeing comment: its stock greatly dropped causing me to wonde… 
Quad Cities officials eye Boeing factory bid 
Boeing to turn undelivered 747s meant for Russian customer into new Air Force Ones - 
NEWS Boeing to turn undelivered 747s meant for Russian customer into new Air Force Ones – 
8182-1 Electronic Ballast Boeing (747-400) Aircraft P/N S283U008-18 S/N 4437 
 OnionRingz_com  JACochran29  thehill Wrong. They were never delivered. They were in storage with Boeing. They were… 
Why Boeing turned to UCF for high-tech simulation pilot program 

"Pentagon May Turn Russian Airline's 747s Into Air Force One"  MakeAmericaGroanAgain 
Actually, it says they were test flown by Boeing, then put into storage. Doesn't sound like the Russians ever had their paws on them. I hope
 HamiltonElector These planes are not being bought from Russia/Russians AFAIK. They are likely owned by Boeing Capital Corp.
business: The Dow's latest rally is brought to you by Boeing and Visa earnings … 
 TYTLive

War! Good god, what is it good for?

Lockheed Martin
Boeing
Raytheon
Northrup Grumman

Say it again 🎶
 SweetsmellTj  FoxNews  VP Referring to the new AF1? If so, those were built for a Russian airline that went bankru… 
business: The Dow's latest rally is brought to you by Boeing and Visa earnings 
 winger_desiree  thehill The Boeing Company is American. The 747 is built in Everett, Washington.
 Politics_PR Actually, it says they were test flown by Boeing, then put into storage. Doesn't sound like the Russia… 
So baby pull me closewr in the backseat of your Boeing 
 humongous  boeing  seattle   The Museum of Flight 
 capseyes_cappy  thehill They didn't read passed the poorly written headline. Also some r unaware that Boeing is Am… 
Air New Zealand  boeing  787  dreamliner  allblacks  anz  planespotting  planeporn 
 DefenseOne I'm not sure what people do not understand about UNDELIVERED. Unless Putin owns stock in Boeing, it in no way helps Russia. Smdh
 XRIM  MONEY business

The Dow's latest rally is brought to you by Boeing and Visa earnings …
 4FWCC ....yeah, I know it's a Boeing today, but what can I say, I'm "old school".... 

With a 4th TFW F-4E Phantom… 
Why the Future Air Force One Will Be a Boeing 747-8 via  PopMech set in stone
 gatewaypundit  SandiMasopust BOEING/GE CEOs chaired Obama's trade/job councils & won't up give emails w/ HRC 
GE… 
 HamiltonElector Likely these never-delivered planes are owned by Boeing; orders by Transaero were canceled. Could… 
 Boeing expects India to order up to 2100  aircraft over 20 years -  htTweets : 
 kylegriffin1 Does anyone bother to read the article anymore? This deal helps Boeing recoup losses + discount for AFOne. Win/win.
 Politics_PR Read the story. New planes, held by Boeing. Never delivered. Sitting in AZ. Ironic? Yes, amazingly so!… 
 Boeing:

Trump May Get ‘Boneyard’ Boeing 747s For New Air Force One:


 TWPILOT1  AeroSavvy .. then the 343, because it has 4 engines 😋, just talking Airbus here, no comparison with Boeing lol.
Dow's Trip Toward 22,000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings - Bloomberg 
 Angry_Optimist_  Politics_PR Ultimately they are Boeing planes. So American. Just have a checkered history  with a… 
business : The Dow's latest rally is brought to you by Boeing and Visa earnings …… 
 Kris_Sacrebleu I'm sure we got a great deal from Boeing and no doubt, Trump will take credit for his awesome negotiation skills!
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends How come Boeing is laying off people?
Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs - Washington Post - Darwin Invest... 
 hharteveldt  Boeing I don't know the specs necessary for security on AF1  - but I'm really skeptical that they can… 
 OnionRingz_com  paulsmathers  thehill Sigh, The Boeing Company is American aircraft manufacturer. The 747 is built in Everett, Washington
 thehill Jesus people. Boeing never delivered the planes they have been in storage for about 2 years
Week's Greatest Defense Scoop by  MarcusReports: USAF Buying Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s… 
Dow's Trip Toward 22000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings - Bloomberg 
 EasterbrookG I think the planes are still w Boeing, never delivered
Boeing employees should've unionized. They didn't and now they're about to get laid off. Good job, Nikki Haley.
 thehill  realDonaldTrump You think the next President will fly on older Russian planes instead of AMERICAN made ne… 
just interesting...

Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s  nytimes  ASE
Ironic: Two  Boeing 747-81’s built for bankrupt Russian airline may become the new Air Force One  aviation
The planes never left Boeing. 
 thehill Title is misleading. Planes were abandoned by the Russian airline and n storage w/Boeing. Still doesn't of… 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying Bankrupt Russian Airlines 747  washingtonpost  DailyMail
 FKAFernando  thehill  realDonaldTrump  usairforce  WhiteHouse  GOP  DNC The Boeing Company is American. The 747 is… 
Seattle to Boeing Everett Factory by Bus, Line 311 bus, Line 952 bus, Taxi, Car, Uber 
The boss is going to be so happy when  Trump 's kickback goes through.  Russia 
An amazing Boeing 747-100.  aviation  retro. 
 bynermack2k But the planes never left Boeing. So we're just buying them from Boeing? No money going to Russia? Did I read it correctly?
 smbp0099  thehill I don't think that is what's happening. Boeing is selling the USAF two 747 that were built for a… 
 dthomicide 
ALWAYS HAS TO DO WITH RUSSIA: 
 Boeing forecasts demand for 2100 new  aircraft in India - The Statesman : 
 CTVNews This something for jet-aeroplane manufacturers   Boeing to have separate operative airconditioners, and se… 
Congrats  BellHelicopter and  Boeing for delivery of 350th Osprey aircraft 🚁✈️  flymcaa  USSOCOM  avgeek
Morning Tour Of Boeing Factory From Seattle: Triphobo 
You can't make this s*** up. 
 delta Delta Delta I'm on the frat bus aka a Boeing 737 for my ride home from Sea-Tac to the BU.… 
G-FDZB TUI Boeing 737-8K5(WL): Photo by Plank Christoph taken 11 February, 2017 at… 
Boeing eyeing Vistara as customer for wide-body aircraft 
New York City News Search (Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One) New York ... - 
 JudeDaShiell  thehill But The Boeing Company, an American aircraft manufacturer builds the 747.
Trump Wanted Cheaper Air Force 1. The USAF's Buying Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s - Defense 1  SmartNews
Trump may have negotiated for cheaper Air Force One fleet buying abandoned 'Russian' jets

U.S. will buy two 747 jumbo jets from Boeing for use as the next Air Force One fleet via  WSJ
Boeing factory where Trump delivered jobs speech to lay off 200 workers | Market Tamer 
From  divz1994 And now, Im just trying to change the world, one flight at a time  Crew… 
Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump’s call for Air Force One cuts via  Politically Brewed
 unaccompflyer  jonostrower  CNN Crystal cancelled that Boeing project...
" Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to Be Next Air Force One" via FOX BIZ 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends And Boeing and Microsoft are laying off many workers....
Transaero folded and the planes were put in storage by Boeing long before the election. Has nothing to do with any… 
Aww....another one goes the way of the dinosaur, United Airlines will be retiring their fleet of Boeing 747 aircraft.  QueenOfTheSkies  sad
 thehill Good for Boeing factory jobs all of which are in the USA thanks doofus prez
Of course Airforce One has to land every few hours so the "technicians" can change the tapes 
 thehill Well isn't that great news for Boeing
Boeing has stored the jets in the Mojave Desert and may have found a buyer! 
 thehill They're buying them from Boeing, not Russians.
 Boeing expects India to order up to 2100  aircraft over 20 years - from  LiveMint : 
edaccessibleBoeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One  busin… 
 V_LoView  thehill The Boeing 747 is built in Everett, Washington.
I liked a  YouTube video Boeing 777's and Airbus A380 (4k Test)
Boeing Factory Tour in Everett, Washington with Reviews - 
 LindseyGrahamSC  SenJohnMcCain  SenFeinstein  RepKinzinger Are you KIDDING me?  Now we are buying Russian planes? 
 thehill Well, as long as the Russians never laid a hand on them, they should be OK. Built by Boeing as well. Almos… 
Incident:  Canada Rouge Boeing 767-300 near Montreal on Jul 3rd 2017, PAN toilets  avgeek  Canada Rouge  B763
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in ... - Business Insider  Cryptocurrency 
 Boeing comment on need for more  MRO technicians to be one of key subjects at  MROAFRICA 2018 to be hosted by… 
 coppednews Air Force and Boeing near deal for presidential airplanes that were once destined for Russia 
Air Force and Boeing near deal for presidential airplanes that were once destined for Russia (WaPo) 
WP National Security - Air Force and Boeing near deal for presidential airplanes that were once destined for Russia 
Air Force will reportedly buy bankrupt Russian airline's abandoned Boeing 747s for Air Force One  PugetSound
Virgin Australia flight  VA1313 from Hobart to Melbourne (Boeing 737 VH-VUA) has missed the approach…… 
Boeing, USAF to use undelivered 747s for Air Force One, sources say. But what kind of cost savings can we expect?


 thehill Ppl. The planes were made by Boeing for a now bankrupt Russian that never took control of them. Boeing has had them in storage
Buy Russian-not made in the USA! DT wants a Cheaper Air Force One. USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s 747s  
Sawtooth Solutions LLC Sells 890 Shares of Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One
 thehill They are buying them from Boeing. They are brand new planes that were never paid for by, or delivered to,… 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm's Undelivere... •  ANTITRUMPMVMT 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years | Metro.. Related Articles: 
Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One 
 grailsnail BOEING MADE THEM

BOEING HAS THEM. 

CALM. DOWN.
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Shares Sold by Beech Hill Advisors Inc. 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Shares Bought by Aperio Group LLC 
Aperio Group LLC Has  53.12 Million Stake in Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
Tarbox Family Office Inc. Has  196,000 Position in Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
 thehill Calm down. TheHill is jerking our chains. These are Boeing Jets never used. Always with Boeing.
Investors of  RockwellCollins, don't freak out over a Boeing encroachment via  gadfly
 thehill Oh calm down!  Boeing has them.  Made them for a Russian airline, but the airline went bust, so they didn'… 
Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One  USA  US  USBiz
 thehill And is DJT shafting the Boeing's contract for new Air Force 1 planes and instead giving     to Russia?
Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to be Next Air Force One  business  news 
Desert deal: The Air Force will reportedly buy a bankrupt Russian airline's abandoned Boeing 747s for Air Force One… 
US Bancorp DE Has  123.90 Million Stake in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Stock Observer : 
All they hear is Russia..not Boeing, not built in USA, not the savings. Planes are 2013. Considered new in aircraft… 
 sweetviolet79  thehill So r all Boeing planes  regular Boeing jets will have way higher usage rate than AF1. Have… 
Latest news from GOIAM 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s   avgeek
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm's Undelivered 747s via  nuzzel
 Kris_Sacrebleu They are now mothballed by Boeing so all good. They will have to be gutted before they become AF-1.
Hard to not be in awe when a B 52 makes an appearance!  canon  canon1dx  canonusa  boeing… 
I'm coming to Seattle for September long. Staying at the University. Wondering if the Boeing factory is worth th... 
The Boeing Factory Tour starts at the Future of Flight Visitor Center 
Boeing has a PowerPoint presentation on its internal server that shows in great detail how to make a paper airplane
 NomieDpuma  RD_Mullin  TheRickWilson Read the article.  Planes are being bought from Boeing. Russian airline never owned them.
 Jack50100926  GretaOshea  thehill But Russia has them now. Why can't we buy them from Boeing and nit second hand from Russia?
 veronicainftl  thehill The money is being paid to Boeing, considering the planes never left the plant.
Piece of one of the Boeing 767 airplanes that crashed into the World Trade Center   911day  neverforget
 horsecrazybean  RD_Mullin  TheRickWilson Also, the specs on a commercial 747 are available on Boeing's website.
Boeing employees offered voluntary layoffs 
Virgin Australia flight  VA252 from Canberra to Melbourne (Boeing 737 VH-VUV) has missed the approach…… 
Photo of D-ABED, a  Lufthansa Boeing 737-300 seen at  Frankfurt five years ago today.  avgeek 
 sweetviolet79  thehill I don't think it's like clothing at all. When clothing fails, no one dies. Boeing has exact… 
The punchline came at the end: "Trump would likely fly on the new planes if he is elected to a second term." 


. Boeing's new avionics biz to focus on the future: 
I don't think these planes ever left Boeing's possession, in which case, may actually not be anything nefarious 
 RD_Mullin  TheRickWilson The spin on this story is ridiculous. AF is buying the planes direct from Boeing at a dis… 
 Anna_63  RealDavidNetFlo  thehill Boeing doesn't have possession? Still in Russia?
 TheAstroN8  JenSchuld Wichita....but Boeing disbanded that site & scattered workforce to the wind years ago.
Hmm..pretty sure  POTUS was at  Boeing hanger in North Charleston recently promoting jobs....🤥🤥🤔🤔 
Incident:  Canada Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner near Vancouver on Jul 27th 2017, odour of burned rubber on board  avgeek…
⭐️  News • Donald Trump may have negotiated for a cheaper Air Force One fleet by buying abandoned 'Russian' jets:…… 
 Crazyginny  GretaOshea  thehill Boeing is American.
 thehill  IntelCrab Another  FakeNews headline! These aircraft were built but never delivered. Placed in storage by… 
 daveguy7  thehill For large jets like this, yes, Boeing or Airbus are pretty much it.
Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs. - Boeing Workers at South Caroli... 
📷 m4a1-shermayne: One of two Boeing EB-17G aircraft in flight. The aircraft were modified as test bed... 
You mean from Boeing 
Focusing The Bulls-Eye on Shares  Boeing Co (Boeing) - Aiken Advocate : 
i'm gonna throw myself under a boeing 737, i take back everything i said about Boston this place is the fucking worst, good riddance 🖕🏻🖕🏻
 iamyuneek  RD_Mullin  Bencjacobs The current fleet is comprised of two specially-modified Boeing 747s, first used… 
 Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s 
SpaceX and Boeing on track to launch astronauts into  space by the end of 2018 
Earnings Preview: AT&T, Ford and Boeing Take The Stage This Week 
 DerWouter  kylegriffin1 Or does it help Boeing who got stuffed on them?
Meet the First Female Captain of a Boeing 777 via  CNTraveler  CNTraveler  GirlPower
 cathyforbes71  RD_Mullin Read the article.  The AF is buying these planes from Boeing, not the airline, which went… 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
 aviation  avgeeks  pas13 - Sheikh Ahmed Makes Boeing Sweat Bullets With Emirates Order 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s  defenseone
How do you get from central Seattle to the Boeing factory at Everett by public transport 
Trump negotiated with Boeing in December to bring price down.
Doubt these are for AF1. 
 RD_Mullin  TheRickWilson People need to read the article.  They were built by Boeing and not delivered to the Russian airline.
Curated  HedgeBz | Israel Airline, EL AL purchases 16 Boeing Dreamliners  Boeing 
 AFLT.MZ  Boeing  TAER.MZ:

Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to Be Next Air Force …:


The comments, oh lord. These are US made planes orig ordered by Russians but never delivered. They’ve never left Bo… 
Boeing Roundup: Q2 earnings top estimates… Amazon's grows Boeing fleet - Chicago Business Journal 
CRAZY: 2 Things Trump Loves/Knows Best...Russia, & Bankruptcy. U can't make these things up!  Unbelievable  
 andyroth Ex-Im is a lender of last resort. Most Boeing customers do NOT finance their deliveries through Ex-Im.   EndEXIM
 Dubai  uae Sheikh Ahmed: Emirates to decide on Boeing or Airbus multibillion dollar order - The National 
Donald Trump may have negotiated for a cheaper Air Force One fleet by buying abandoned 'Russian' jets… 
Boeing offering voluntary employee buyouts at North Charleston 
Donald Trump may have negotiated for a cheaper Air Force One fleet by buying abandoned 'Russian'…… 
Boeing, U.S. Air Force Confirm New Air Force One Negotiations  aviation
Photos: Behind Boeing's factory doors 9 - Page 9 | ZDNet 
 ericlimer  PopMech They're currently owned by Boeing.  The only reason that Russia was even mentioned in the title… 
 kmazz01  RD_Mullin  KevinGFox They are Boeing jets, ordered and undelivered to a Russian airline.
SEATTLE!!! The  BlueAngels are in town for the Boeing Seafair Air Show!!
Thanks to 128th Air Refueling Wing for the… 
 erinnburke  nytimes yea,,they come here to dry out...Boeing execs find all sorts of reasons to come to Phx/Mesa..b… 
 DefenseOne Wasn't the original jet to be manufactured by Boeing? If I'm right, does that mean  realDonaldTrump is… 
I read this as A.I. (Allen Iverson) just landed a Boeing 737 for the first time by himself... 
Boeing B737-700 YOM 2002/03/04 6 units for sale!
Cnt: vip.igr.rogermendoza outlook.com
IGR Helping Businesses Get Of…
The left losing their minds over this story. Guess they didn't read past Russia. "Boeing undelivered 747". Planes i… 
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Stock Observer : 
 sweetviolet79  thehill I don't think Boeing works like that. I'm sure they have same quality control for every pla… 
 Oriana0214  CHANEL 2K for a sweater, was it sub contracted by Lockheed or Boeing?
Air Canada Flight Returns After Engine Incident

Reports of black smoke and possible fire returns Boeing 767 to To… 
 twitme  thehill It's a Boeing airplane twit which is built in America by Americans.  What's your point?
 kylegriffin1 It sounds like a good deal for Boeing and the taxpayers, but I'll bet the final savings are minimal s… 
 thehill It says Boeing flight-tested & then stored them, quick Google says in the Mojave Desert - standard for com… 
 BrianCBock  NoDeanin18  thehill The Russian airline never took possession of the jets. They did a 1% down preorder… 
The next Air Force One fleet may be sitting abandoned in the desert 
 elonmusk A.I lands Boeing 737 by itself. 
Donald Trump may have negotiated for a cheaper Air Force One fleet by buying abandoned Russian jets 
 thehill Article says they were never finished, in storage at Boeing. Can be retrofitted with appropriate security gear.
 diehl_greg  PopMech how so? these boeing 747s where purchased by a russian company and are now available at a disc… 
 AJentleson  JeffFlake  joniernst  SenMikeLee  marcorubio  RandPaul  SenJohnMcCain  GOP  WSJ  nytimes  clairecmc… 
 Marina_Sirtis Planes never delivered.  In Boeing's possession. In storage.  Will be converted for USAF.  Cheaper/f… 
 lmckr Actually...changing my mind. Just undelivered new aircraft from Boeing, never left US. Ru connection overblo… 
 HighlinePatriot  bunsOFplaydough  thatianaviana  b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne  GOP It depends really.  The airline could b… 
 maddow did Trymp just use American taxpayer   to bail out a Russian oligarch? Seriously. 
Sheikh Ahmed: Emirates to decide on Boeing or Airbus multibillion dollar order 
 Politics_PR Never delivered to Russia by Boeing, but still...
 _marsi Boeing 777-300 Flight Planning and Performance Manual
 snarke Misleading headline is misleading. The planes are in the US, built and owned by Boeing. Russian company never took delivery.
 MayIrmamay14 They are coming from Boeing. Russian airliner ordered but never took possession. I'm not sure why thi… 
Here’s why most planes are white via  BI_Transport  avgeek  aviation
 RD_Mullin I hope Boeing sues for breach of contract
 idiotsabound1 No, from Boeing.

Russian company went bankrupt and bailed on deal to buy planes
 nola24073693  thehill I don't disagree But in this case Boeing owns & has possession of the aircraft. No dealings… 
Semi-Applaud this?  realDonaldTrump Wanted a Cheaper AF1. So USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Ru Firm’s Undelivered 747s 
India will need 2100 planes in next 20 years: Boeing  lowcost  flights
 andyroth Ex-Im Bank levels the playing field so US companies like Boeing & our 13k US suppliers can make things in… 
Oh come on 
 Marina_Sirtis They're just planes that Boeing has in storage. The airline never took delivery.
 Boeing  777 landing gear in action!  Aviation  Parts  Repairs  MRO  Maintenance  Overhaul  Aftermarket  aviation… 
West Plains pitched for Boeing factory reader comments | The Spokesman-Review 
Recap:
1. No resp 2 dipl expulsions
2. Ignores sanctions bill 3. Buys Russian jet 4 AF1… 
Or more correctly, "US to buy discounted planes from their manufacturer, Boeing, for Air Force One" 
 idiotsabound1 Apparently, it says they were undelivered from Boeing.
Virgin Australia flight  VA252 from Canberra to Melbourne (Boeing 737 VH-VUV) has missed the approach for RWY 16 du… 
A.I. Just “Landed” a Boeing 737 for the First Time By Itself: 
 thehill Or, more correctly, "US to buy discounted planes from the manufacturer, Boeing, for Air Force One"  FakeNews
Malaysia  Airlines plans lie-flat  Boeing 737 business class seats -  AusBT : 
. veroderugy Ex-Im is a lender of last resort. Most Boeing customers do NOT finance their deliveries through Ex-Im.   EndExIm
Just made a date with grandma! Watching  BlueAngel's  take off from Boeing field this weekend!  Seattle
 Marina_Sirtis Not as bad as it looks. they were never delivered, just rotting in Boeing's hangers.
[Author: lucky]  Boeing planes have been transporting US presidents since President Roose... 
Hawaiian Airlines Boeing 717-200 Flight 158 Inter-Island Service Review | HNL-KOA: via  YouTube
 bunsOFplaydough  HighlinePatriot  thatianaviana  b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne  GOP Boeing could still try to recover the d… 
Boeing in talks to sell Tansaero 747s for Air Force One replacement  ATS 
Virgin Australia flight  VA1313 from Hobart to Melbourne (Boeing 737 VH-VUA) has missed the approach for RWY 16 due… 
Clickbaity headline-- Boeing basically repo'd two 747s after Transaero went under. Cheaper to remodel then buy bran… 
 thehill  AndreaChalupa I read elsewhere that Russian airline defaulted on purchase and Boeing still owns the planes. Which is true?
British Airways 747-400 about to leave the gate.  747  boeing  airplane  airline  british  … 
I think these are Boeing's 747s not Russia's. 
 bunsOFplaydough  HighlinePatriot  thatianaviana  b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne  GOP I doubt there was debt.  Think of it li… 
Air Force One will be replaced with two jets ordered by bankrupt Russian airline, now sitting in a Mojave boneyard.

The next Air Force One is sitting in the Mojave Desert, report says
Read more:  boeing 
 Glasscatpetra  thehill Because Boeing owns these 2 aircraft. Never sold them
 arloue_m7 You do realize Boeing is a US company? These planes are sitting in the Mojave Desert.  USAF saves money,… 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends Just no "roaring" at Ford, Carrier or Boeing!  Winning!
 sweetviolet79  thehill It's a Boeing 747. Do you know how to read?
 marieproia  thehill Lockheed needs to compete with Boeing.
Why GE, Boeing, Lowe’s, and Walmart Are Directly Buying Health Care for Employees 
 thehill Relax everybody.  I hate Trump more than life itself but Boeing has the jets.  They were never delivered.
Your choice?  Airbus or  Boeing  A380  787  Dreamliner  airlines  Aircraft  Travel  destinations  travel  avgeek
 GretaOshea  Crazyginny  thehill Why not? Boeing makes damn good planes. Far better tha Airbus.
 thehill I'm a Dem & can say this headline is misleading. They're Boeing APs, in storage. Don't give the Right an e… 
Trump can't even buy a plane that's not tied to Russia? I think we know which side of The Force he's on.  defenseone
Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump's call for Air Force One cuts - Fox News 
Boeing Factory And Future Of Flight Aviation Tour: Triphobo 
 lorettafaucher  thehill Did you even read article? Boeing built them and put into storage.
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring 
Boeing comes close to closing deal for Air Force One fleet 
The latest Vargson Aviation Daily!  india  boeing
Behind the scenes at the Boeing factory | Binkily 
 NoDeanin18  thehill They are Boeing 747's. Did you read the article?
 thehill Read the article... the planes are owned and housed by Boeing.
Man could have paid next semester tuition off Boeing this week... I'm always losing.
 gustojunk Their integrated CAM is probably the best CAM package in existence, overall. Even Boeing (CATIA-centric)… 
 NoDeanin18  thehill If u read the article, they r actually Boeing 747-800's. Boeing got them back when Russian co… 
 Crazyginny  thehill If u read the article, they r actually Boeing 747-800's. Boeing got them back when Russian co… 
 nola24073693  thehill If u read the article, they r actually Boeing 747-800's. Boeing got them back when Russian c… 
 wildwillow65 entire order = 4 configured 747-8 =  1.5bill, only 2 built b4 order bankrupted ( 387m x 4) Boeing onl… 
 sweetviolet79  thehill If u read the article, they r actually Boeing 747-800's. Boeing got them back when Russian… 
 Boeing  LockheedMartin
Evidently "Made in America" doesn't include President's plane.
No need for secrecy or secur… 
Italian Boeing KC-767A tanker flying circles over Chesapeake Bay. 
 jpmomof5  thehill They were built in the US by Boeing. Never delivered to the Russian airline. They were put in st… 
Boeing announces plans for new UK factory | Zenoot 
Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Boeing Company  The  Boeing Lowered by Analyst 
Boeing Shares Pop, Comes Close on Deal for Air Force One Fleet | CNBC Video 
  
How much is the upgrade? Trump Wanted Cheaper Air Force 1. USAF Is Buying Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s 
 thehill What click bait reporting. Russian airline never even fully paid for or even took delivery of the planes.… 
Now we know why he cancelled the order from Boeing! 
. Boeing is Investing. Innovating. Inspiring. See how at  BoeingInspires
 avgeek USAF buying used cancelled Russian 747s to replace AF1 fleet. For as much tax   we give them Boeing should… 
.two Boeing 747 jetliners abandoned by a bankrupt Russian airline...who in Russia is getting the  386M a piece? 🤔… 
Boeing Renews Approach to Company’s Philanthropic Activities and Charitable Investments  CSR
A  Boeing-led team completed KC-46  Pegasus tanker electromagnetic testing

Sheikh Ahmed: Emirates to decide on Boeing or Airbus multibillion dollar order - The National 
 thehill Read it. Ordered by a now bankrupt Ru airline but built by Boeing and never delivered to them. Put in storage.
Buying them from Boeing is the story but knowing that they we're earmarked for Russian client is hilarious 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s |  IntelGroup 
Crypto Currency Headline No Context: 

"Ethereum Miners Lease Boeing 747s to Ship AMD Processors; Share Price Goes Up"

 Ethereum 😂
Credit where it is due. Good idea. 
Oh okay, they're not Tupolevs which is what this headline makes it sound like, they're Boeing 747s that have been i… 
The planes are Boeing 747s that the Russian Airline never took possession of. 
 bob_melusky  ericgarland  impeach_bannon OK I just read that they are Boeing planes & there is no indication they… 
 thehill Actually, Boeing built the planes for a Russian Carrier but they never took possession of the planes due t… 
Trump Wanted Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
1/48 Boeing Stearman Navy Primary Trainer Museum Quality Display Model ♠  airplanes ~Shop Bio~ 
 Boeing Company (Boeing): What are the Near-Term Technicals Saying? - Stock Rover : 
 adogslifeTO  ericgarland  impeach_bannon 1 Ordered by a Russian company
2 made by Boeing
3 Company did not pay
4 A… 
 thehill  IntelCrab Aren't they buying from Boeing, not the airline?
 CallmeHaRsh My friend is working for Boeing at Infosys... Any help?
A  qatarairways  Boeing 777-3DZ/ER [A7-BoeingF]  oneworld landing on 18R  DFWAirport (DFW) on November 13, 2016  avgeek 
 thehill The title is very misleading...they are aircraft that Boeing never sold.  Its still going to cost a lot to… 
This turns out to be a decent deal for Boeing and the USAF on a plane model that is stopping production
Boeing factory where Trump delivered jobs speech to lay off 200 workers - Feature News 
 thehill Stop with the misleading FAKE NEWS headlines already
Air Force will buy UNDELIVERED planes from Boeing 
Ru… 
It could be any country and any airline that didn't take delivery, which means the planes never left Boeing's control
Please READ the article before jumping to conclusions. These aircrafts have never left Boeing storage so were never… 
 FoxNews  POTUS That's an out and out lie...just ask carrier, Boeing, Ford, the list goes on
Dow's Trip Toward 22,000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings via  markets
Flow cannot quit down boeing jets with the shit I writ/
It lands and explods into little bits, with the dismembered limbs torn from ligament
Ugh. As  Boeing makes more money, it’s cutting jobs. It's time to put people before profits!  1u
 orgrandomness  DogsOf_War The US government buying the planes helped the Russian airline and helped Boeing. Should… 
 DMVanderhoof Poorly written attention getting headline. Basically crap.  The airframes never left Boeing possesion… 
 LouisatheLast It sounded crazy and suspicious to me but they are just 747s ordered but not paid for. Have never left Boeing facility.
The new Boeing 737-800NG in Renton / Washington.
The plane will fly hours later on its first flight test flight.… 
Boeing Expects India To Order 2,100 Aircraft Over 20 Years 
 aerospace  AWIN_Commercial Boeing Expects India To Order 2,100 Aircraft Over 20 Years 
ABC News-Business-Wire:  Boeing beats 2Q profit forecasts, raises full-year outlook . More  Aviation  news - 
United States Air Force Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (03-3119,  AE119C) OTT  EDDC
 LawyerRogelio  DefenseOne Soooo...DoD is bailing out Russians? Boeing?
 boris3324  OneMileataTime It's a clickbait headline. No need to mention Russia. It's a Boeing 747 that was never p… 
Congratulations to  BellHelicopter and  BoeingDefense on their 350th V-22 Osprey delivery!✈️🚁

 V22Osprey… 
The US Is Considering Buying Abandoned Russian 747s To Replace Air Force One Boeing planes have been transporting … 
 thehill  AirlineGeeks Oh  thehill 

More  FakeNews & a misleading headline. The planes never left Boeing's possess… 
 PhilDeBecker  ValerieInsinna  MarcusReports The planes are bought to Boeing, the Russian airline didn't pay the bi… 
 V Dow's Trip Toward 22,000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings 
 mforte1970  thehill That is not how this works. Boeing takes deposits on aircraft when ordered. Transaero, by goin… 
 bungdan  DanKaszeta And The Hill's tweet is wrong. USAF isn't buying them from the Russian airline, they're buying them from Boeing.
Completed SAS4499 from Longyearbyen to Oslo.  Scandanavian Boeing 737-800. clubclClubClass  
 ALT_uscis Works for me. Says the Boeing worker.
Boeing Company
5Y4512 GTI4512
from PAE to NGO
B747-400LCF N249Boeing
DREAM LIFTER 
 ObliviousWit They weren't delivered, so they're basically new planes that never left the U.S. One of those Boeing… 
It sounds as dirty as Dirty can be!  Boeing Why would we want to deploy a Russian designed Air Force One for OUR so… 
Traders Sell  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) on Strength (Boeing) - Markets Daily : 
 baconfenders  thehill Article says Boeing looking for buyers since Transaero went bankrupt. So Boeing is owed   fr… 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force 1. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
 kylegriffin1 Did no one read? Planes made by Boeing in America. The buyer fell through and never touched them. I h… 
Boeing employees offered voluntary layoffs - ABC NEWS 4 
 JuliaDavisNews Buying from Boeing it seems after reading the article not from Russia.
So after he targeted Boeing now we're buying planes from Russia... 
Everybody relax about the new AF1s. They're being bought from Boeing. Russians never had possession. And will be completely redone by AF
🇺🇸 Dow's Trip Toward 22,000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings YAHOO!
Boeing Renews Approach to Company’s Philanthropic Activities and Charitable Investments 
 thehill They're buying them from Boeing who never delivered them to the Russian airline.  You guys really are shitty at headlines...
 thehill WHAT!! BOEING??!!
 Patrick_Doughty  HighlinePatriot  thatianaviana  b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne  GOP Says it's a Boeing contract, but it's i… 
 MoonofA Tillerson is usually the reasonable one. This is undiplomatic hubris. Watch those Boeing deals go over lik… 
 TZZToday  MarcusC22973194 The planes were built by Boeing and never delivered to RU airline due to brupt. USAF buying from Boeing.
Did you know about this  Boeing? 
Dow's Trip Toward 22000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings  Google: GNW.US  V.US  United States  S&P 500 
REPORT: US Air Force to Purchase Transaero 747 Frames for Air Force One. First reported by  MarcusReports.… 
Trump Touts Jobs, Manufacturing at Boeing Factory - SFGate 
 drance This isn’t as bad as the headline reads. The airline went bankrupt before Boeing could deliver, so they were stuck with them.
 jdeau9  3L3V3NTH Read the article hon, sounds like the Boeing made planes never left the US.
 MarcusC22973194 Please correct. USAF is buying planes directly from Boeing.
 jimharris360 Did you read the article? The deal would be with Boeing, not a Russian airline.
The latest Aviation Daily - Bonaprene Fluid Power News!  india  boeing
 DogsOf_War  orgrandomness *Butting in* but whoever buys them is still mitigating the damages/debt the Russian purc… 
 ReverseKarma  by  Boeing ??
New  AirForceOne planes were once to have been part of Russian airline

 3L3V3NTH Made by Boeing, and it sounds like the planes never left the US.
 14 Billion And Growing  Boeing  2B service contacts and  6B in parts 
The US Is Considering Buying Abandoned Russian 747s To Replace Air Force One

Boeing planes have been transporting… 
FOR  SALE: 2015  BBJ Contact us to register your interest.   Flight  Boeing  Flight  Travel… 
Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump's call for Air Force One cuts |  
We have a business man in POTUS
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s
 AvGeek
The planes were never delivered and have been warehoused by Boeing. 
 KennethWReid  realDonaldTrump Nah, they're owned by Boeing.
 Rosie  realDonaldTrump  Boeing Why does  Russia keep coming up over, and over, and over again with this… 
KLM 'Queen of the Skies'  747  klm  boeing 
 orgrandomness It's not as bad as it sounds. Boeing built them, tested  them and parked them in storage. They were never actually delivered.
 Rosie Rosie.  What do you think about the fact that  realDonaldTrump is going to buy discounted  Boeing aircraft f… 
 Lee_in_Iowa Since he can't deliver on sanctions, he has to give Putin something.  How does that go over w/ Boeing?  Oh yeah,  MAGA.

of course, why not.
The design is pretty iconic, but I think we should take a fresh look 
Noooooo! What happened to Buy American week? Boeing? Lockheed?  Others? 
 V  Boeing:

Dow’s Trip Toward 22000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings:


Cobblestone Capital Advisors LLC NY Cuts Position in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Stock Observer : 
The DOD C-17 versus the Boeing 777: A Comparison of Acquisition and Development - Google Books 
 Agent_Hodgo  20committee Still owned by Boeing as airline did not take delivery. Cheaper why? Car dealers don't dr… 
special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38000 feet - USA TODAY

USA TODAY

Unit… 
 XRIM  MONEY FoxBusiness

Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump's call for Air Force One cuts 
— FOX Busin…
Sure at this point why the hell not 
Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX 
 ContrarianCdn  _Canidae Boeing & Lockheed Martin would be a hard hit, but I think saying the entire economy is a bit alarmist.
Boeing Delivers 500th 787 Dreamliner  traveltip  airline  travelnews  travel  news
 katiestone  thehill From what I read they were never delivered to bankrupt RUS client. Stored at Boeing since prod… 
 tmb1229  ALT_uscis They never took possession of them.  They were never paid for and Boeing has held them this whole time.
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist U.S.A.F Boeing C-17 Takeoff P.D.X
 sir_dabington  thehill They are Boeing 747s that were never even delivered….
Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump's call for Air Force One cuts   
Forever in love and blessed with Boeing 737-800 series UPDATED airplanes
 thehill This headline is misleading. The planes were never delivered to the Russian Airline and are sitting at Boeing's plant.
 trekkie148  KerbalSpaceP  Bbeltdan  NASA  Boeing  LockheedMartin ohhhhhh ok thanks!!
Wait that story was misleading, Boeing built the aircraft the company never even possessed it
This is less deranged than it sounds: according to the article the planes have never left Boeing's hands. 
Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump's call for Air Force One cuts 
Wow!  DOW Breaks Another Record! One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring 
NEW ARRIVAL!  GeminiJets 1:200-scale  united  Boeing 727-200, item G2UAL074. Find a retailer at… 
United’s special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet 
 thehill Boeing factory where Trump delivered jobs speech to lay off 200 workers  - CNNMoney… 
Sheikh Ahmed Makes Boeing Sweat Bullets With Emirates Order.
This Air Force One-Russia thing is a non-story. As far as I can tell, USAF is buying from Boeing, and good deal for both parties.
Of course it's Russian!!! You can't make this stuff up!!!!

 
 DanKaszeta The underlying story is that they're brand new planes that were never delivered to the Russians. 
 WickedKittin1  thehill Yeah, and if you did a little research, you'd know that the planes were never delivered. Th… 
United States Air Force Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (02-1106,  AE1178) as flight  RCH381 OTT  EDDC
 thehill For 22 mill
 Mandari25733571  thehill Read the story - Boeing built & flight-tested & put the two jets in storage while it sear… 
 fromdaville  thehill The planes aren't used. They were never even delivered by Boeing, which happens to build their planes in the US.
Boeing comes close to closing deal for Air Force One fleet  market  economy
Think you'll find they're bought from Boeing & not from a Russian airline. They were originally tube delivered Tina… 
Wait what? Wasn't Boeing building one? Why would you buy one from a Russian airline? 
"Air France Boeing 777 passed within 10 minutes of where North Korean missile test landed, official says" 😱… 
ASL Airlines Belgium 3V11 flying overhead at 39,000ft, 24/07/2017, New York - Liege, Boeing 747… 
 mikeavent  SophiaHume He also is a part owner of many fine northwest establishments like Boeing and Starbucks if memory serves.
 tywuhh  thehill Read the story. They are made in the US by Boeing - just never delivered as the airline went bust.    ImpeachTrump2017
 Bowrie  thehill They're Boeing planes, which happen to be made in America. They're being bought from Boeing, not t… 
Check out CADILLAC Boeing Classic Adult White Sun Visor Cap Hat  Cadillac  Boeing  Hat  HitWear  Visor via  eBay
 KellenDunk  kylegriffin1 Boeing built... the company is a russian co that went bankrupt
"I almost always went to Hawaii and a layover in paradise is never a bad layover." ep. 14 Kathy McCullough  avgeek
 MargeryAPW  thehill They're being bought from Boeing. Not the bankrupt Russian airlines. The planes were never even delivered.
Boeing offers voluntary buyouts at South Carolina plant after June layoffs. 
 Boeing_777X natural sexy  and handsome man uff uff 🍆👅🍆👅💦💦💉💉🌨️🏈❄️🧝‍♀️
PHOTOS American’s First Boeing 737 MAX 8 Makes Flightline Appearance 
Green light for £20m  Boeing factory plans - The Business Desk : 
This is untrue; the planes are (and never weren't) owned by Boeing. Ordered by Transareo, which missed payments and… 
BW: Orders for Boeing's smaller 787 soar ahead of the Airbus jumbo A380 
It's always enjoyable  KittensCabaret   Seattle  SeattleArena  seattleheatwave  USNavy  Seafair  BlueAngels… 
Boeing comes close to closing deal for Air Force One fleet  Boeing  Boeing
Boeing comes close to closing deal for Air Force One fleet  Boeing
 chattelgirl  deray Why would it be illegal? Russians don't build 747s...American companies do. Boeing to be specif… 
 KittyWillBite  thehill Mm Boeing planes are made in the United States, fella.
Ghostplane 
 thehill Isn't Air Force One being built on contract by boeing? Also, isn't this like the ONE fucking plane you don… 
 veronicainftl  thehill Boeing planes are made in America.
"Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump's call for Air Force One cuts" via FOX BIZ 
 Boeing_777X 🏈💦💦👅👅🌨️🌨️🍆🍆🍆🌨️💉💉 hi sexy  great cock swallow ur cum
CHECK OUT BOEING!!!   
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring 
 teebox61  thehill Boeing planes are built in the United States.
 miraphorism I forgot, you probably have *actual* reasons to watch Boeing's situation.

 Spicerlies  realDonaldTrump They are still Boeing's planes. The Russians never took delivery. They are brandie new!
US reported to be buying white tail Transaero 747-8s for new Air Force One: 
REQUIRED:  Boeing  B787 &  Airbus  A380 B1 Licenced  Engineers for a role in Europe. contact us for more info offic… 
Orders for Boeing's smaller 787 soar ahead of the Airbus jumbo A380 
Boeing Factory | Experience Jet Assembly on the Tour | Flight Centre 
Delta Boeing ✈️ 717-200 Night Landing 🛬 LAS From LAX 7-30-17  travel  
The Boeing Company (Boeing) price at close, August 01, 2017, is 239.44.
NEWS NTSB issues factual report for October 2016 Mike Pence Boeing 737-700 LaGuardia excursion… 
Delta Boeing ✈️ 717-200 Night Taxi & Takeoff 🛫 LAX - LAS w/ Fog ☁️ 7-30-17  travel  
Queen !!  Boeing 747-200 taking off from  BrusselsAirport in 2013  avgeek  aviation  planespotting  B747… 
Boeing eyeing Vistara as customer for wide-body aircraft: 
 1bonytoad  kylegriffin1 They're buying them from Boeing not Russia. Headline is misleading. There's still no proof… 
 TimODee16  kylegriffin1 Actually he did.... Boeing owns the planes
 MplsMe  thehill You clearly didn't read the article. The planes were never delivered. Boeing still has them.
The Boeing Company (Boeing) price at close, August 01, 2017, is 239.6348.
 AirlineFlyer  This is all kinds of impressive! 
U.S. will buy discounted  Boeing 747-Intercontinental for new  AirForceOne. 
 SeattleNews with seattletimes:

Boeing offers voluntary buyouts at South Carolina plant after June layoffs. … 
Retweeted The Seattle Times ( seattletimes):

Boeing offers voluntary buyouts at South Carolina plant after June... 
The Boeing Company (Boeing) price at close, August 01, 2017, is 239.6348.  boeing  stocks  NYSE  space
 yulplanespotter  KalittaAir  Boeing  BoeingAirplanes  aeroportsMTL On July 31st AM?
How much do Boeing factory workers get paid? - Quora 
 IFFConsulting  PutridMeat Those planes never left US soil, never were delivered. Boeing completed them only recently. It's in the article.
 MarcusReports They've never left Boeing. Calm down all x
Boeing expects India to order up to 2100 aircraft over 20 years via  Reuters
 Richzeoli Did you see where Boeing is going to retro fit one of their mothballed 757 for the Pres's new plane? Mad… 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Position Reduced by Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. 
 kylegriffin1 These dumbfucks actually believe you😂.  Boeing owns the planes. Nice try on the spin. Educated people think you are a moron
A JAL Express 737-800 passing a full moon at Haneda. Photo by Yoshio Yamagishi 
Via  Futurism: Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018  spacecrewtransportation
 diabeetus441  scott_springer  kylegriffin1 Boeing in SC is not union labor, but point taken. Do these planes come already wired?
 zeebap2  kylegriffin1 747 are Boeing products, they weren't delivered
 Boeing's Sheffield scheme cleared for take-off - Insider Media : 
 Boeing:

Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump’s call for Air Force …:


Air Force, Boeing near deal for new AF1 jets. Ironically, they were once scheduled to be part of Russian airline 
 KatheleenMitro  DefenseOne They never were delivered. Never left the US soil. Boeing barely finished them. If you care to read the article.
Trump wanted a cheaper AF1, so USAF is buying a bankrupt Russian firm’s undelivered 747s via  defenseone
2,733 Shares in Boeing Company  The  Boeing Acquired by Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. 
Boeing moves into jet controls, setting up supplier showdown 
Boeing Contemplates Big Benefits From India’s Aviation Boom: via  SputnikInt
Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. Sells 2,624 Shares of Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
NTSB issues factual report for October 2016 Mike Pence Boeing 737-700 LaGuardia end of runway excursion… 
PASSENGER AIRCRAFT FAILS TO TAKEOFF! BOEING 737 NEAR TAIL STRIKE & STALL... via  YouTube

oyh nefesim daraldı!
 thehill Misleading headline alert:
Story says Boeing built the planes, airline went bankrupt, & Boeing stored them… 
These almost certainly will be the last pax 747s Boeing ever delivers.  via  business  queen  AF1
 sheepdog5931 just a play on words to keep up with the times .  I trust Boeing.
 shortandsassy66 I googled it later,it's actually a Boeing plane that had been bought by Russia company,now bankrup… 
Really?  Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s 
 Lee_in_Iowa I am not defending Trump, but this is a good deal. The US will buy them from Boeing. They were never d… 
Boeing's Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380 via  YahooMail
 TheAstroN8 It does make sense. They've flown but have been in storage. I guess Boeing really can call it quits on building the 747-8i
Are you kidding me?  Who else thinks this is just plain wrong?  It's like rewarding Russia to pacify them with money 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game - Business Insider  Cryptocurrency 
Misleading headline alert:
Story says Boeing built the planes, airline went bankrupt, & Boeing stored them here. We… 
 CoreyAStewart I read it. To be fair, the AF is buying them from Boeing. The Russian airline went bankrupt before t… 
 JenSchuld Makes sense. Boeing needs to sell the airframes and the USAF wants a discount. Win-win. Interested to se… 
 thehill Buying from Boeing, not Russian airline. Read your own story, social media headline writer.
Is there any news from Washington that doesn't have a weird Russia angle? 
Dishonest clickbait headline: these are never-used late model 747-8s that never left storage at Boeing because cust… 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
 Lebeaucarnews Can you ask Boeing if the 747 can be built using the engines of a 777 or 787? Thanks Phil!  ba  avgeeks
 sarajtravels  ALT_uscis Coming from Boeing. Not Russia. You can drive to Ca to see the planes.
 DefenseOne Article states built by Boeing FOR Russian bankrupt airline,never delivered,sitting in storage. More im… 
 scott_springer  kylegriffin1 These planes were made by Boeing
 kylegriffin1 Govt is buying from Boeing - Russians defaulted on purchase, never took ownership.
MC-21: Russians hail new airliner as better than Boeing or Airbus 
 thehill Misleading headline. The planes were made by Boeing for Russian airline that went bankrupt and never took delivery.
 thehill That makes sense! Nevermind, don't  we have Boeing,an American company,  on contract for Air Force One?
Ahhh, Boeing 757 my all time favorite commercial aircraft! 
Blue skies  SouthwestAir  boeing  travel Follow on IG i_p_x_k for more! 
Maintaining the  Boeing C-17  Globemaster is an enormous task. But we make it easier with  GOLDesp  MRO software! 
 ALT_uscis Um, can anyone say sanctions? Sure...    not going direct to Russian govt, but I can't imagine RUS gave… 
 FoxNews  POTUS Trump Jobs push failing as Ford, Boeing and Carrier move out of U.S.A.
 Boeing says expects Indian  airlines to order 2100  aircraft over next 20 yrs - from  TimesOfIndia : 
 DefenseOne I remember Trump tweeting about how Boeing was ripping off the gov w the price of the AF1 early in his… 
. usairforce reportedly in talks to buy 2 unused Boeing 747s for next Air Force One. Deal would come at a discount. 
. USAirForce buys unused Russian  Boeing Jets for  POTUS Ride  realDonaldTrump keeps date with cost cutting promise 
 ALT_uscis so, while this is funny: the 747s were never delivered to the airline, and *Boeing* has been in possessi… 
 Lee_in_Iowa dumb,but good for Boeing.AF1 gets bigger more powerful engines,which means wing structure has to be re… 
Surprise! The cash is going to – stop me if you've heard this one before – Russians! 
 noahjnelson I've seen some people point out it's more due to a Boeing backlog of newer planes than anything.
GIANT Boeing 747 DreamLifter Taxi In at Paine Field  - VIDEO: 
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 via  Futurism
 dcexaminer  realDonaldTrump is buying new Boeing aircraft for bargain prices, Smart is good, right? Cheaper is still better, yes?
Boeing close to finalizing sale of two 747's for new Air Force One deal. Ironic twist: 747's originally built for a Russian Airline.
BOEING (Boeing) ranked  2 out of 30 in the Dow 30 ranking: 
"Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s"  defense 
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring  Boeing  boeing  DJIA  cnbc
 jesseberney Planes were never delivered & Boeing held in storage. Not to say there isn't still some security risk,… 
 jesseberney Looks like Russia never had possession of them - the airline went bankrupt before Boeing delivered them.
Discounts available if purchased directly from the manufacturer 

 miles_manese  thehill  RealDonad_Trump  POTUS  FoxNews  GOP Where the *FUCK* do you think Boeing jets are built? (Hint: Everett, WA)
 chenx064  realDonaldTrump  catalishus2  Susanforney  pmccre I made this mistake at 1st, too. Article states that U… 
 jesseberney The article seems to indicate they were never left Boeing, so reasonable to think minimal risk.
 thehill Story is intentionally misleading. Transaero, the airline in question, never took delivery of them. They'v… 
Boeing will make their     ...issue is in a Commercial Item Transfer at Price b/w BCA and IDS...so that IDS can mak… 
 thehill Read the article. The planes at held by Boeing, never went to russia.  This is click bait.
Boeing to stay out of race for regional connectivity for now 
 jesseberney Should be close to scientific certainty of no risk. The planes were built and flight tested by Boeing,… 
This month 1950 Boeing B-1Washington enters RAF service with 115 Sqd  coldwar  aviation  history  RAF 
A brand new 747-8 costs  357m.  
Used 747-8 from a bankrupt Russian company?  386m
Good deal
Never delivered - apparently always in Boeing control  
 chillibeanboy  realDonaldTrump Original Defense One article, its 100% REAL

CNBC: A lot of p break news on boeing cnbc has confirmed that the company is close to finalizing a deal 
 KagroX Apparently they were never delivered by Boeing bc of bankruptcy. Might actually be legit.
Boeing Renews Approach to Company’s Philanthropic Activities and Charitable Investments… 
GEMINI JETS TRUMP BOEING 757-200  DIE CAST MODEL 1/200 SCALE WITH DISPLAY STAND 
 MarcusReports  blakehounshell So the contract is awarded to Boeing?
 YellowMustangHi  kylegriffin1 But Boeing is a US company and the 747s is being build near Seattle?
But a plane like that could much more easily cra--
Never mind, I said nothing
 
Such a misleading headline.
Russian airline commissioned the airframes from Boeing but did not take delivery. They’… 
Behind the Scenes Tour of a 747-8 and the Boeing Factory - NYCAviationNYCAviation 
Trump Air Force buying two Boeing 747s abandoned by a  bankrupt Russian airline to be used as presidential planes. 
NTSB issues factual report for October 2016 Mike Pence Boeing 737-700 LaGuardia excursion 
 ll2625  ThreeSixRW  peppwave  CrossingBroad Incorrect, Russian firm was only required to put 1% down. Boeing is ea… 
Crucially, the aircraft are still held by Boeing and were never actually transferred/held by Transaero. 
 danagoldman1 I think the planes were built by Boeing and bought by the Reds & not paid for, but yeah it's time to… 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire  Boeing 747s just to stay in the game - Business Insider : 
 jugheafwon Boeing in PA got big military contracts and still laid off hundreds. It's all tied to stock price.
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One: the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
Up 23%!One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring - 
Tthe USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747, as soon as the spy gear is installed.
via  defenseone
 michael28064 If it aint boeing, I aint going ;P
Of course there's a Russian connection, hahaha! 
 Boeing Trump May Get &apos;Boneyard&apos; Boeing 747s For New Air Force One 
One off flight to JFK Airport, a 195-seat Japan Airlines Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner (JA861J),… 
 CindyHess65  dcexaminer Reading comprehension, Russian airline defaults on payments to boeing, Boeing sells to USA at discount
 davidaxelrod  POTUS Mr Axelrod,  POTUS came to power he criticized Boeing CEO & they reduce some costs. Why he doe… 
and boeing will recoup costs on the retrofit. 
A tale of two liveries.  avgeek  Boeing 
 DefenseOne These are Boeing planes. Move along. Nothing to see here.
Oh my very first startup in 2004 was trying to this kinda thing for smaller clients: 
 DefenseOne Do the "geniuses" who follow you understand what "undelivered" even means? These aircraft are still in Boeing's possession.
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring - CNBC 
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 -  GoogleAlerts
 PaulbernalUK It’s like some dotty granny from the 1950′s sitting in the cockpit of a Boeing 747-8 and we’re all the doomed passengers.
Defense One: Trump wanted a cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF is buying a bankrupt Russian firm's undelivered 747s. 
 trumprussia Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Helping Out A Bankrupt Russian Firm via  defenseone
 FormerDirtDart I'm sure Boeing is trying to unload the airframes, so I'm sure it's probably a sizable discount. St… 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s
 MAGA

There's more to Boeing than Dreamliners 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends Really? Cuz here in Seattle, Boeing will have laid off 6,000 workers in our state by the time they're done.
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 - Futurism 
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring CreditRebecca Ungarino  ungarino ty
AirlineSector: Boeing delivers first 737 Max 8 to fly in the Middle East 
Boeing delivers first 737 Max 8 to fly in the Middle East 
RIAT 2017 (Saturday): Boeing CV-22 Osprey: via  YouTube
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Position Held by Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc - Markets Daily : 
 harridous  KerbalSpaceP  Bbeltdan  NASA  Boeing  LockheedMartin Past update. It has been here for about 2 years or… 
Rockwell Collins investors shouldn't freak out over a Boeing encroachment  blsuth  COL
Trump Wanted Cheaper Air Force One So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm's Undelivered 747s - 
 DefenseOne Still Boeing's planes, just never delivered. Brandie new still.
Air Force One to be replaced by jetliner abandoned by bankrupt Russian airline. 
 KayBurley  pilotcharlotte She sounds like a Pratt & Whitney engine off a Boeing 707 😂
15-30yr core  Boeing getting historic -> One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring 
This Rockwell Collins deal keeps looking smarter: My story via  gadfly
Ethereum miners are so desperate for graphics cards that they are renting Boeing 747s - International Business Tim…
While Boeing Touts Profits, Workforce Shrinks 
 Philip_Elliott  DefenseOne Not strictly accurate - they're buying them from Boeing. Per the article, the 747s were… 
Plane spotting at DTW  planespotting  Detroit  Boeing  Airbus  Avgeek
GO PRO Landing & Water Salute From COCKPIT ! Royal Air Maroc Boeing 787 Dreamliner Landing at Dakar.  avgeek
USAF is buying 747's from Boeing. Don't go down the rabbit hole because Russia was in the headline. 
Seegrid speaks with  ProcoGlobal about how our self-driving vehicles make Amazon, GM, and Boeing more efficient. 
just saw someone with new mexico plates drive into the boeing parking lot. i'm not saying aliens but i'm not not saying aliens.
 SarahTheNasty  ericgarland  DefenseOne They'll be buying a 747 from Boeing that was never completed or paid for. S… 
 Richzeoli Boeing  just did layoffs and stock rises! I guess Seattle voter are ok with this too?
NEWS: Meet the next Air Force Ones: cancelled Transaero 747-8s N894Boeing & N895Boeing: | Pics:… 
Thirty-year-old Indian pilot Anny Divya has reportedly become the youngest captain of a Boeing 777 in history, a... 
Boeing Factory | Sightseeing Tours 
The Air Force is buying a *bankrupt Russian firm’s* undelivered 747s to build  realDonaldTrump's cheaper AF1 
 FG_STrim  MarcusReports There is no Russian connection on these planes. Customer ordered them, went bust before ta… 
Boeing Gifts 50 Computer Servers to Western Washington University for its New CyberRange: 
 realDonaldTrump  Carrier  Boeing  Microsoft You only show what an IDIOT and a WHINER you are through your tweetsto… 
Boeing T-X: Advanced Pilot Training | Derrick Channel 
Aboard United  Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 via  ChiBizJournal  avgeek
 realDonaldTrump  Carrier  Boeing  Microsoft You're a LIAR and a PUSSY, draft dodger. 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends Like Boeing, who just laid off their employees?  FakeJobnumbers
 realDonaldTrump You FAILED workers LAID OFF from  Carrier,  Boeing,  Microsoft, and  coal.

You take credit for th… 
 Boeing Company (The) - Receive News & Ratings Daily - BBNS : 
 wildwillow65 Boeing owns the planes. They are buying them from Boeing, not the bankrupt russia firm.
Trump wanted a cheaper  AirForceOne. So the USAF Is buying a bankrupt Russian Airlines’s Undelivered 747s  avgeek
 EtihadAirways Seoul via  Boeing Dreamliner, sounds like a good excuse to stop by Abu Dhabi  EtihadAirways ! Planning continues!  airline
 HighlinePatriot  thatianaviana  b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne They were ordered by a Russian airline that cldn't pay. AF pu… 
 b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne From article: "This deal is focused on providing a great value for the Air Force & the best p… 
Boeing offers more buyouts at North Charleston campus, layoffs could follow via  postandcourier
So....he's buying the floor unit? 
New post: "Boeing Renews Approach to Company’s Philanthropic Activities and Charitable Investments" 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
Boeing : Renews Approach to Company&rsquo;s Philanthropic Activities and Charitable Investments  
Smart move for all involved. Clears inventory Boeing would have a very difficult time selling. It should save the t… 
. veroderugy says
"DRAIN THE SWAMP!"
Tell  POTUS
Stop using MY tax   for loans to big business like Boeing!
 EndExIm

Trump said proj. cost of new Air Force One too high, so USAF plans to buy two Boeing 747s abandoned by bankrupt Rus… 
 SallyHawker12  MommaBird91  ericgarland They’re being purchased from Boeing. They were built for the Russian compa… 
EXCLUSIVE: Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt... by… 
The Trump AF1/Russian aircraft is a complete non-starter: aircraft never left Boeing ownership
OK friends: 🅰️for airbus or 🅱️ for boeing ⁉️...
.
I don't often have the chance to capture two… 
Deleted my last tweet on this. It's not as insane as headline suggests, but the optics are still kinda insane 
USAF Buying Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered Boeing 747s to Heed Trump's Ask for 2 Cheaper AF1s via  defenseone
Per  DefenseOne, the Pentagon is in talks to buy new Air Force One planes from Russian firm 
 dforsure34  DefenseOne Boeing is an American made plane, they are brand new in storage at boeing in america, never… 
 41CatQ  AdamBlickstein  MalcolmNance Boeing is an American owned company. Thank you. Come again.
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring - CNBC - 
 octavia1913  AdamBlickstein Boeing an American company made the panes and the Russian company never had possession… 
This does genuinely seem like a good deal for the taxpayer. And the purchase is from Boeing, not Russia 
NEW VIDEO: Ryanair Boeing 737-800 EI-EVJ - FR505 Bristol to Dublin *Full Flight* (Sunrise Takeoff) 
 GulfstreamAero How about a test flight to Seattle? I'm sure an FBO at Boeing Field would be happy to assist with that.
WHY do Boeing & other businesses need YOUR TAX  ?
End the Ex-Im Bank.
 POTUS keep your Ex-Im pick.
Read  veroderugy… 
New AF-1 will be refits...I'm guessing shag carpet, brass poles, and golden showers  stayclassy

Transaero:
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air ForceOne. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s… 
 bluedillygal Firm never took delivery. They been sitting in the Mojave since Boeing finished building them to spec.
Trump loves Russia 
What? 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Shares Sold by Capital One National Association - The Cerbat Gem : 
Boeing Factory Tour | Seattle and Sound 
DEL RECUERDO...

COCKPIT BOEING 707

CHIEF TEST PILOT - ALVIN TEX JOHNSON 
Ah, the "I know a guy" approach to acquisition. Or maybe these jets fell off a truck? via  MarcusReports 
Well that's some pleasing news that Boeing 747s will still be in service for next 7 years. Now Boeing if you can get a… 
 TeckieGirl  AdamBlickstein Boeing is an American company. Way to read the article.
Boeing Gets To Work On CH-47F Chinook Block II Program via  aviationweek
At least we're paying Boeing for them. 
 leolithuania  DefenseOne they are buying new 747's from boeing, built in and made in America. Air Force One today… 
 Karoli  aravosis Trump will use a bankrupt Russian company's 747s as America's new Air Force One 
A US "Air Force One" from Russia right to Mhv Desert where Russia infiltrated minds of US Military. WTF!

 
 bp_catalyst  scorpque  Ed_Snell  CNN  POTUS The market did what it did today because of Boeing. And also maybe bc… 
THE BIG BUSINESS OF FACISM: 
this sell is not against  RussianSanctions because the jets were made by Boeing and ar… 
Incident:  Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner near Los Angeles on Jul 30th 2017, engine shut down in flight  …
 SpeakerRyan Lies - 2011 Boeing & Exxon paid -1.4% in taxes 
 pendulumatrest Uhh read the article. Built by Boeing and never sold to Russia.
Smh, smh.  
 SpeakerRyan But that is NOT what most pay! In 2011 Exxon & Boeing paid -1.4% taxes. 
 barrygoldblatt Boeing still owns them, basically.
To Get A Cheaper  Airforce1,The  USAirforce Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s! via  defenseone
 3L3V3NTH Much ado about nothing
Planes never in Russia
US buying guarantee from Boeing after default on payments
 dabeard Bottom line: less work and wages from Boeing employees.  MAGAFAIL
 ThreeSixRW  peppwave  CrossingBroad still the money goes to a Russian firm.  Boeing already got paid/sued the firm… 
The highest weighted stock in the Dow is Boeing. It comes in at 7.5%.

Boeing  Boeing is up 15% over the last 5 days.
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Transaero's Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
 lawprofblawg Oh, you ain't heard or seen nothing yet!  WHPC

 leolithuania  DefenseOne Boeing is Made in America..... not sure what you don't get about that
So how many bugs in plane for Russia to listen in, or perhaps there's a direct back channel, per Kushner's request. 
 Boeing H-47 Block II to modernize, add muscle to next-gen  USArmy Chinook 
RELEASE: by… 
 Boeing hits all time highs from creating 
the least comfortable seats in aviation history.  🤔

 Boeing
 jeffkreisler  DefenseOne Boeing is built in America by Americans.
 3L3V3NTH Russian airline never took delivery and Boeing stored them in US. Not sure there's any "there" there.
Emirates Airline with a major decision between two multibillion dollar deals between Boeing's 737 and Airbus's a350… 
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018
| 

Dragon 2 vs… 
 drmarjbeirut  AdamBlickstein  MalcolmNance Not unless Boeing happens to be owned by am oligarch.
 RStofflett  DefenseOne It is true the USAF buys Boeing aircraft all the time, especially when like these they are… 
 Agent_Hodgo  20committee By the time Boeing gets done refurbing and modding it'll probably cost more than buying new
 qwerty4U  DefenseOne Boeing is an American made plane. They are brand new and never delivered, ready for a buyer.
Boeing delivers first 737 MAX to UAE’s  flydubai  Boeing  aircraft 
 MommaBird91  ericgarland He chose not to have a new one built by American Boeing employees, but to purchase one from a Russian company.
📍 - Manchester
🇬🇧 - Jet2 Holidays (LS801)
🗺 - Manchester/ Venice (VCE) 🇮🇹
✈️ - Boeing… 
 KeithOlbermann Stop worrying brother, all will be fine once the new  AirForceOne is commissioned:

 HighlinePatriot  thatianaviana  b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne  GOP I'm not defending this.  It's dumb. But "undelivered" ma… 
 DefenseOne If we would all read the article before commenting, the jets were never delivered, went from Boeing straight to storage,
 ll2625  peppwave  CrossingBroad It's not Russian stuff they're Boeing 747s a Russian firm ordered them but never took delivery of them
 DefenseOne These things were sitting in the desert, RUSSIA never took delivery there are no bugs......unless boein… 
 brianbeutler Eh...since the Russian airline never took delivery and went bankrupt, this is really just bailing out Boeing.
 MarcusReports  johnrobertsFox POTUS is making another good deal. Saving taxpayer    , and helps Boeing business at… 
 SallyHawker12  ericgarland Could have sworn the article said they were "Boeing 747s"...... (for the record, I am not a cheeto supporter.)
Also, they are being purchased from Boeing (it's a misleading headline). But still - I've got a lot of doubts about ultimate cost saving.
Business Operations Specialist 3 - 
BOEING
 Location : Vancouver BC CA
Continuously seeks to expand and improv... 
Boeing turns to a university for high-tech simulation pilot program (Video) 
From  dar1o_ Boeing 737 800
 crewlife  crewlifestyle  flightattendants  cabincrews  cabincrewgirls… 
 HighlinePatriot  thatianaviana  b0z0yAyA  DefenseOne If we would all read the article, They were never delivered,… 
 Why Boeing turned to UCF for high-tech simulation pilot program (Video)
    florida  orlando  orlandojobs  rnjobs… 
 russhughes66 Currently abeam a  britishairways  boeing 747 
Suidio Dreans
 kairyssdal Credit where due, this seems like a good buy on the AF's part. I'm sure Boeing was willing to give them… 
Do these planes arrived pre bugged-Or is that an additional charge? USAF Is Buying Russian 747s via  defenseone
 Agent_Hodgo  20committee Unused planes, stored by Boeing. 747-8L are the newest versions. What's the odd/bad thing in this "news"?
AIRLINE REVIEW: American Airlines Boeing 767, Guayaquil to Miami 
Transaero" has challenged collecting  1,4 million on lease of the Boeing planes - RIA Novosti,...… 
 HOOISJG  kairyssdal  carney Reminds me of this good ol' story 
 SaysDana  BradMossEsq Plane flew from Boeing straight to the boneyard. Never was delivered to the Russian firm
 scrivener50  brianbeutler I don't get how this has anything to to with any possible Russian conflicts of interest.… 
 3L3V3NTH US is buying planes from Boeing. Russian airline failed to make scheduled payments to buy. Not clear from… 
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring - 
Boeing B737-300F YOM 1997 
Aeronaves para la venta!
For sale!
FRESH CONVERSION into a Freighter, C check, Fresh with…
 brianbeutler I'm willing to believe, for now, that this is a coincidence.  We're buying the planes from Boeing still.
 _FallingSlowly_  DefenseOne 747's are American made by Boeing. They are in America and never went to Russia. 2 bra… 
 BruceRheins  DefenseOne Right. Boeing had ownership of them all along.
 justinillusion9  BradMossEsq Boeing is as American as they come
Boeing B757-200 YOM 1991/93/94 
6 unidades para la venta! 
For sale!
IGR Helping Businesses Get Off The Ground, Fina…
 PulcraPuella  DefenseOne did you read the article? they are buying them from Boeing, not russia....
 SINON_REBORN  Boeing Hahahhaha, "looking to hire some Emu", and then that final email - haven't laughed so hard in a long time - cheers!
Well this is just insane 

 DunthorneJohn  Agent_Hodgo  20committee They're actually owned by Boeing; airline never took delivery.
Deutsche Bank AG Boosts  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Price Target to  280.00 - Week Herald : 
 AdamBlickstein  MalcolmNance Makes no sense. AF1 is built   Boeing-Wichita (military shop) and commercial 747's r… 
 ValerieInsinna  MarcusReports Inescapable question for Boeing: When does the 747 line end *now*?
United States Air Force Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (06-6163,  AE1461) as flight  RCH970 OTT south east of  EDDC
NEWS Boeing employees offered voluntary layoffs – ABC NEWS 4 
This one was just a bit too far away for a clear photo! British Airways Boeing179, 32,000ft, Boeing… 
 anthonywu It sounds condescending as hell. I heard it from a Boeing engineer though... I'm going with loving pejorative.
 CrossingBroad  AdamBlickstein none of you read the article. They are built and owned by Boeing. Russian airline never baught them
 AdamBlickstein  MalcolmNance It doesn't look like the Russian airline ever had possession of the jets and the mone… 
Air Force to buy 747s Russian airline didn't take delivery on and turn them into Air Force Ones 
Aerospace giant Boeing set to land in Sheffield after council grants planning permission 
 DefenseOne  MattMackowiak I don't understand the outrage... seems like a good idea to me. They never left the US,… 
Wow. USAF to buy two 747s, which had been abandoned by Russian airline, for Air Force One, writes  MarcusReports :

Boeing establishes avionics arm ... 
MagProbe Testing a Leach Relay on a Boeing 767-300 

Check out  MarcusReports' latest bombshell for  DefenseOne: 
Another diversion departure, this time an  AirCanada  Boeing 787-9  Dreamliner  avgeek  aviation 
 AdamBlickstein  MalcolmNance Follow the money -- as long as it doesn't go to Russians I am okay with saving    . W… 
NTSB says the plane was part of Galvin Flying, an instructional school based at Boeing Field. Plane crashed when re… 
Boeing's unloading a pair of 747s that a Russian airline defaulted on. The new  AirForceOne deal.  Boeing 
 Trump just needs to go home to  Russia. Really. This is what the spat with  Boeing was really about.  Setup  MAGA?… 
Also, the Russian airline never took possession of them. They made the down payment, Boeing built them and then never delivered them.
So,  Trump - and America - will be getting 2 new Air Force Ones that were intended for a bankrupt Russian airline 
 KatheleenMitro  DefenseOne "Undelivered" the Russian firm never took possession. If there are any bugs, they were installed at Boeing.
Incident:  Travel Service Boeing 737-800 at Bourgas on Aug 1st 2017, indication of fire on board  avgeek  Travel S…
Saudi actress Offers Four Private Boeing 777s to Fly Qatari Pilgrims Amid Gulf ‘War’ Over Islam’s Holy Sites 
JAL Boeing 777 in oneworld livery  jal  boeing  777  oneworld 
 jaimekaplan  AdamBlickstein Read the article.  These aircraft were built by Boeing in US, never delivered.
 ndhapple To put an even finer point on it, no one but Boeing has ever owned them. Transfer made a downpayment but never took ownership.
 H3i9htM3N  MarcusReports Buying unsold, brand new Boeing aircraft *helps* US company. The overhang of unsold 747-8… 
 stlthjeff  DefenseOne The planes were completed then flown & stored at Mojave. Never got anywhere near Russia. 
No… 
This inlet design, pretty close the Boeing Design not-selected in the 60s TFX. Maybe they were on to something.  
 trekkie148  KerbalSpaceP  Bbeltdan  NASA  Boeing  LockheedMartin they finally updated B9? or past update?
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up via  AviationWeek
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 74 via  defenseone
 Boeing expects India to order up to 2100  aircraft over 20 years - Zee Business : 
The Air Force is not expected to disclose the cost. But officials said the military is getting a good deal.


 CNBC "One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring" 
AviationWeek: Virgin Orbit's Cosmic Girl is being readied for a series of ground and flight tests 🔓  …
This is basically buying an airplane off of Boeing's clearance rack.
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s Sanctions?
Deal maker! 
 elonmusk *Boeing not listed because I want to be able to fly a drone without NFZs everywhere.
Important point that's being lost in all this is that Boeing owns these planes, after repossessing them from the ba… 
Trump wanted a cheaper Air Force One. So the AF is buying undelivered 747s from bankrupt Russian firm 
Virgin Orbit's Cosmic Girl is being readied for a series of ground and flight tests 🔓  
Boeing’s newly created avionics unit marks a reversal of old-school outsourcing trend 
 ericgarland According to the article, these were never delivered to the Russian firm and have been in Boeing storage
Somebody just asked a question in WH press briefing about  MarcusReports Air Force One scoop: 
What an irony!  Trump wanted a cheaper  airforceone and he might get one: from a bankrupt  Russian company 
 Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s  747s via  defenseone
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One so USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
Rob Black talks the 403b, Boeing, Under Armour & chats the Big Picture & tax reform with  BriefingCom Patrick O'Hare 
 BradMossEsq And in so doing, robs Boeing of revenue and the state of WA of taxes and jobs. Circle back to zero.
Now we're buying foreclosed-on Russian 747s for our Air Force Ones? 
BOE36 is expected to arrive at Boeing Field Intl (KBFI) in 39 minutes at 12:13 PDT  flightaware
Congrats all!  Boeing Delivers First  737 MAX 8 to  flydubai by  Boeing 
Boeing employees offered voluntary layoffs


Compilation Of Boeing 747 Airliners Landing During Very Wet & Rainy Weather


---
 Airliners  Jets  Planes  Flight
 ericgarland So instead of employing Boeing workers, he is helping Russia yet again.
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s
 
 ABC Air France told  ABC News their Boeing 777 with 332 people on board had no reported incidents. Statement from… 
Boeing’s new maintenance facility at Gatwick gets one step closer to realisation via  Crawley News 24
 unaccompflyer Boeing still gets the sale and it saves tax payer money.
Boeing’s newly created avionics unit marks a reversal of old-school outsourcing trend 
Cogent Advisory: Boeing to stay out of race for regional connectivity for now 
"The biggest thing for anyone's success is confidence and confidence only." ep. 13 with B737 FO Mike Lesser   avgeek
Trump said the AF1 cost too much, so USAF is buying a pair of Boeing 747s abandoned by a bankrupt Russian airline. 
Trump buying a Russian airline castoff to be Air Force One is basically trolling at this point. 
 SenatorCantwell It's nice to see how well that you stuck up for Boeing throughout years living off of their backs… 
Boeing, Air India come together to skill AMEs via  economictimes
 Boeing expects India to order up to 2100  aircraft over 20 years -  Reuters : 
Read  MarcusReports’ exclusive on  DefenseOne now: 
Actress Hires 4 Boeing Flights for Pilgrims!: Qatar government is garnering huge protests… 
Flying the Russian DT Wanted  Cheaper Air Force One. USAF Is Buying Bankrupt RussianUndelivered 747s via  defenseone
This wouldn't really be much of a story...except for the fact that it's a Russian airline's unwanted planes. 


 SchrempfMarge  MarcusReports  barbarastarrcnn It's a Boeing so it's American. Russian airline ordered plane and we… 
 SchrempfMarge  MarcusReports  barbarastarrcnn Did you read the article? They are being bought from Boeing which, j… 
Flying United Economy Class? Here are the best seats to pick. Via  jamesdozer  paxex.  travel.… 
In today's news: Boeing a step closer to Gatwick centre, new airport commuter service and colleges join forces.… 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends Carrier & Boeing planning employee lay-offs from now thru Dec 2017. Carrier already… 
 alexialongina  MarcusReports It's ridiculous to buy planes from Boeing because they were originally going to be bo… 
 AdamBlickstein They were never taken up, only in Boeing's possession. Not much to see here.
Trump buying Bankrupt Russian firm's 747s via  defenseone
Good get on replacement  AirForceOne by my colleague  MarcusReports  russia  BoeingDefense 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet via  usatoday --- Concorde & 747 nostalgia ..
 H3i9htM3N  MarcusReports They're being bought from Boeing not Russia you idiot. Did you actually read the article… 
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring, via tradingnation 
Quite a scoop by the well-dressed  MarcusReports. 
 dhanyarajendran Hahaha hilarious. Who knew that Boeing Boeing would inspire a LP&G meme!
TransAero Force One! >> Trump Wanted a Cheaper  AF1, so USAF Buys Bankrupt TransAero's Undelivered 747s  defenseone
One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring, via  tradingnation 
 kabiity We only have WiFi on all of our brand new Boeing 787 Dreamliners and on 1 of our Boeing 777-300 aircraft.
 mariclaro handbag made from  repurposed  aircanada  leather seats from a  boeing 777… 
 unaccompflyer  sir_schwartz  AirlineFlyer It’s not a foreign company. The planes were never delivered, and have be… 
 iflyplaces I'm not linking this to the Russia investigation but it pisses me off that rather than give Boeing a ne… 
Boeing's newly created avionics unit marks a reversal of old-school outsourcing trend - GeekWire 
Boeing has powered the Dow to new heights this year but is now blocking its path to 22000:

He's trolling us at this point, yes?

Boeing 787 NEW Ready for VIP Conversion 5 units For sale Now !
Cnt: vip.igr.viren outlook.com
We are here to assist…
Air Force One must have 4 engines (two not enough redundancy), so that only leaves B747. POTUS won't fly Airbus 
 sir_schwartz  AirlineFlyer Yes. US is buying the next AF1 from a foreign company plus, no new order for Boeing whi… 
Digital News World - Photo tour: Behind the scenes at the Boeing factory 
The New Midsize Airplane that Boeing is developing has lots of interest from potential buyers. via  AviationWeek
 apalmerdc Yeah, was surprised to see him. It's clear Boeing will try to block. Corker said good things but made cl… 
Boeing's newly created avionics unit marks a reversal of old-school outsourcing trend - GeekWire:  outsourcing  ne…
 USAF buying used 747-8s for new Air Force One to reduce costs: 
Boeing Expects India To Order 2,100 Aircraft Over 20 Years  market  economy
Boeing employees offered voluntary layoffs - ABC NEWS 4  layoffs
Boeing turns to a university for high-tech simulation pilot program (Video)  PugetSound
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747   defenseone
Saudi Arabia: Actress Offers Four Private Boeing 777s to Fly Qatari Pilgrims Amid Gulf ‘War’ Over Islam’s Holy Sites 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire  Boeing 747s just to stay in the game - Yahoo7 News : 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet  usa  vacation… 
Boeing factory: The biggest building in the world | Adelaide Now 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards 
 AirlineFlyer  usairforce It will start out being cheaper and end up being much more expensive.  Great business for Boeing.
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  DefenseOne 
 beaconinthemind  InezFeltscher  Bre_payton So then you would support a 10% cut to the defense budget? Keep in mind… 
Under Trump, the Air Force may buy planes abandoned by a bankrupt Russian airline to convert into Air Force One 
Boeing Expects India To Order 2,100 Aircraft Over 20 Years  Boeing
Boeing Expects India To Order 2,100 Aircraft Over 20 Years  Boeing  Boeing
 UkThom  GreenpeaceUK  comadad Hi Graham, nice shots, do you have more? I work  Newzulu news wire and we'd love to… 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s   defenseone
Boeing B737-300F YOM 1997 for sale!
Cnt: vip.igr.rogermendoza outlook.com

For AF1 renewal, USAF set to buy two new Boeing 747-8 jets that were supposed to go to now-bankrupt Russian airline 
 gskfish  SeaTacAirport Yes, our newer Boeing and Airbus planes have power in economy. However, please keep in mind… 
Ethereum miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards and AMD shares are soaring via  qz
Boeing establishes avionics arm

Boeing is creating a new avionics organization as part of the company’s drive to … 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One.So the USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’sUndelivered 747s via  defenseone
"Boeing Capital seeks to ensure that...customers have the financing they need to buy and take delivery of their Boeing product"  EndExIm
Boeing employees offered voluntary layoffs  chsnews
NASA schedule shows both SpaceX & Boeing are on track for crewed launches in 2018 for Commercial Crew program


Hot SCOOP from  MarcusReports: Trump's Air Force One to come from bankrupt Russian co's undelivered 747s.  
Kicking off our Next9 7-on-7 scrimmages at the NW9 presented by  Boeing 
Well this doesn't raise any questions  MarcusReports  defenseone  via  defenseone
Trump wanted a cheaper Air Force One. He's getting a bankrupt Russian firm’s old 747s via  defenseone  marcusreports
 Cryptocurrency miners are hiring Boeing 747s to deliver GPUs |
EXCLUSIVE: Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So USAF Is Buying a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s… 
Why does Boeing need Ex-Im? It has its own financing arm - Boeing Capital.  It lends money to its customers.  EndExIm
Trump Wanted Cheaper Air Force One. So . USAirForce Is Buying Bankrupt  Russia Firm’s 747s nice job . MarcusReports
 AirWorldToday: Boeing establishes avionics arm 
Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So USAF Is Buying Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747s via  defenseone
NEWS Boeing Roundup: Q2 earnings top estimates… Amazon’s grows Boeing fleet – Chicago Business Journal 
It takes a Boeing 737-800 about 15 seconds to lift off .. 
EXCLUSIVE Trump Wanted a Cheaper Air Force One. So the Air Force Will Buy a Bankrupt Russian Firm’s Undelivered 747… 
The  Boeing 747-400M, capable of carrying people in the front and cargo in the back.  NgtFlyer, we're stocking up o… 
Looks like  AlaskaAir is leaning towards going back to an all  Boeing mainline fleet.  ALK  Boeing  airlines  investing
Playing for the CEO's of Boeing, Northrop Grumman and some other major companies tonight...
Boeing - Boeing Roundup: Q2 earnings top estimates… Amazon's grows Boeing fleet 
The plane’s entry into the global market is projected to be at least five years away 
Have you seen cars getting loaded into planes?
Here is a Boeing 777 (Kuwait Airways) and how they pack a car in it! 
Boeing president - 3D printing now standard for production - 
ICYMI: We forecast a demand of 2,100 new airplanes over the next 20 years in  India. See the details:… 
Does Rockwell Collins Have Anything To Fear From Boeing's New Avionics Unit?  XLI  IYJ  Industrials
 Kings_of_London What's your entries and targets mate?

I personally avoid Dow since it's far too heavily skewed by purely Boeing and IBM.
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 
. Boeing's new avionics unit marks a reversal of old-school outsourcing trend: 
 aston_adam Pure & simple- Love it - better by Boeing 😜
Boeing B757-200 YOM 1991/93/94 6 units for sale!
Cnt: vip.igr.rogermendoza outlook.com

Boeing creates new avionics and electronics unit via  WSJ

 SCStrategyDrStanSCM  The 4th R!!!
Number 23! Boeing 747 . . of course!
Boeing's massive  473B backlog "provides an outstanding
foundation for sustained and
profitable growth for years to come"  EndExIm
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Bank of America Corporation - Chaffey Breeze : 
NEWS Boeing establishes avionics arm 
 FG_STrim  Wikipedia  Boeing Was the armed variant called the FireFox?
New artwork for sale! - "Boeing Stearman PT-27 Kadet single engine trainer in flight." - 
Boeing factory tour - inside the biggest building in the world 
 FG_STrim  Wikipedia  Boeing See also the Fairchild T-46, killed by Congress, and with it the entire Fairchild company.
It's not Colt and Remington anymore. It's now  Lockheed and  GE and  Boeing and ... 
. Boeing enters software partnership w/  Dassault3DS to design products, modernize production & offer new services… 
From Boeing's 2016 annual report: "we generated strong revenue, solid core operating performance and record cash flows."  EndExIm
Air India's engineering arm, Boeing launch AME programme - New Delhi, Aug 1 Air India's engineering wing and ae... 
MoCA, Boeing India And Air India Engineering Services Limited Come Together For Strengthening ... 
SpaceX and Boeing announces plans to push through in launching astronauts next year • r/space 
Boeing factory where Trump vowed to protect US jobs to lay off staff - Daily Mail 
After layoffs, Boeing offers buyouts at South Carolina plant 
Mount Rainier from the Boeing factory in Renton Washington 
I liked a  YouTube video FOUND ABoeingNDONED BOEING 747'S AND 727'S!
Traders Sell  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) on Strength (NYSE:Boeing) - Stock Observer : 
I liked a  YouTube video 80 Minutes PURE Aviation - EXTREME planespotting - Airbus, Boeing, Ilyushin - Thanks
Mount Baker from Boeing Factory in Everett Washington 
NATO NAEWandCF Boeing E-3A Sentry (LX-N90450,  4D03C8) as flight  NATO06 OTT north east of  EDDC
Praful Patel was the go getter  could arm twist Boeing for the flying school at Gondia but forgot roads? Yeah when… 
FlyDubai first B737MAX A6-MAX  flydubai  uae  boeing  boeingmax  737  737MAX 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years  Aviation
Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs - The Washington Post 
Boeing Puts the Dow on its Shoulders 
 vexxedb4c  JoeySalads We've already shot down missiles with GMDs - and the Pentagon just gave Boeing  58 million t… 
 FG_STrim  Wikipedia  Boeing I remember reading about this in  FlightGlobal (on paper of course!).  Good looking th… 
. Boeing sets up new  avionics and  electronics unit via  LisaDaigle1  military_cots 
Boeing Lose Holidays - ละเลย (No Care)【Official Lyrics Video】 
 NewAirIndia  pilot becomes world's youngest female commander of a  Boeing 777 - Traveller : 
Amazing story:  cryptocurrency mining leading to global shortage of GPUs. "Time is Money!" 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2100 aircraft over 20 years  lowcost  flights
 FG_STrim  Wikipedia  Boeing Amazing it did not have its own 80s TV series, with a grizzled Vietnam (or Korea) vet… 
 Shimmyfab Hey that's a Cobra in the middle! It's supposed to be a Boeing AH-64 Apache attack helicopter.
Boeing also wants to force  realDonaldTrump to remove his pick as president of ExIm cause he isn't to its taste & n… 
 airlineguys  FlyPanAm  panamhistory If you love Pan Am please sign the petition 
Boeing Inks Historic Software Deal >Preview of things to come for other large mfg. business… 
Thanks,  wikipedia. I had no idea  Boeing not that long ago tried to a sell a two-seat jet trainer called Skyfox. 
Air India puts on hold leasing of 787-9 planes, says Boeing - 
AirlineSector: Boeing offers buyouts at South Carolina plant after June layoffs 
Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle - 
Boeing Moves into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown 
Boeing Roundup: Q2 earnings top estimates… Amazon’s grows Boeing fleet 
United States Air Force Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (02-1100,  AE1172) as flight  RCH962 OTT  EDDC
NEWS Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 – Futurism 
TIL the Boeing factory in Seattle is so massive that rain clouds began to form inside the facility until a state... 
Does anyone know people working for  Boeing at Bengaluru?!
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 Boeing aircraft over 20 years.  Biz is booming! But Boeing wants subsidies. Say no.  EndExIm
 Boeing  AMZN:

Boeing Roundup: Q2 earnings top estimates… Amazon’s grows …:


United States Air Force Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (06-6159,  AE145D) as flight  RCH944 OTT south east of  EDDC
Boeing Creates New Avionics and Electronics Unit |  
 Skapinker  AviPlatform  FT hopefully the come back of the  Boeing 747-800, you don't need to expand runways, build… 
Boeing Roundup: Q2 earnings top estimates… Amazon’s grows Boeing fleet  LABiz
Air to air with an Air Canada 787-8 over Washington State. Photo by Brian Losito 
A KLM Royal Dutch Airlines 747-406 dealing with the wind at St Maarten in 2014. Photo by Sharpshot 
Atlas Brown Inc. Maintains Position in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - BNB Daily (blog) : 
Boeing says India will need more than 2,000 new passenger jets over the next 20 years. - Wichita Business Journal 
Similarly S Carolina estimates the Boeing factory employing more than 6000 
Death in poster form thanks  Boeing for their sterling support in exporting death and destruction around the world… 
A look at the MCP of a Delta Boeing 737-900ER. ✈

 flightdeck  thisisyourcaptainspeaking  cockpit  boeing  737900er… 
My name was mentioned at the huge, important Boeing meeting today, this means I’m important too
Boeing 747 steep take off! 
A Rockwell Collins Deal Keeps Looking Smarter 
Boeing offers buyouts at South Carolina plant after June layoffs 
Boeing has a backlog of 5,700 planes worth  424B.  And they want taxpayers to subsidize them via Ex-Im Bank? No way.   EndExIm
Boeing's new avionics group aims to cut costs, boost quality 
Spokane considers move for new Boeing factory 
. Boeing putting  AdditiveManufacturing into practice in its new  satellites ► via  3dprintindustry
 BravoZulu to all the professionals on your  Insitu1Million  UAS operational flight hours!  Boeing 
Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. – StockNewsTimes 
I liked a  YouTube video Boeing 787-10 Dreamliner First Flight
Ethereum miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards and AMD shares are soaring 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet  colorado  vacation… 
Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down  business
Boeing delivers of first of 75 Flydubai 737 Max 8 jets - Puget Sound Business Journal 
Both  SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 
Boeing creates new avionics and electronics unit via  WSJ
I found two abandoned Boeing 747's 
"Boeing, Air India come together to skill AMEs" 
Air Bridge Cargo Boeing 747-400F, ERF, Photo ID: 941669 
Ethiopian Airlines commence flight operations to Kaduna with Boeing 737-800 aircraft

Our ride home. Lufthansa Boeing 747-8i   Frankfurt Main International Airport, Terminal 1… 
so  Boeing boeing, who's sales are down year over year, their stock is up 73.38%, in the past nine months, sounds normal, november to today, 73%
Production Gap  Boeing 777 Narrowed -  SeekingAlpha : 
VIDEO Emirates Boeing 777-300ER Firm Landing at Hamburg Airport 
flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8   airline news 
Boeing Moves into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown by  IndustryWeek
 fdu_group Ethereum miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards and AMD shares are soaring via  qz
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends Layoffs announced just for today....
Under Armour-280
Telvista in Danville-Layoffs… 
20 years ago today, Boeing merged with McDonnell Douglas. 
Boeing representative encourages  STEM curriculum at a young age 
 Orlando Why Boeing turned to UCF for hi 
SEAFAIR 2017: Blue Angels arrive at Boeing Field 
 CoppetainPU Recall discussing Boeing/Airbus dispute in Washinton in '90s when lawyer said hoped it wouldn't be set… 
Are you being served? Planemakers alter sales pitch to boost profit Boeing 
Piasecki H-25 Army Mule, Piasecki H-21 Workhors, Boeing CH-46 Sea Knight and a Boeing CH-47 Chinook 
Need to Buy/Sell  Aircraft/ Aerospace Parts, Including Ones From  Boeing or  Airbus? Contact in  Tallamond Today!… 
Whoa! Boeing's campaign in SC was tough, but this is...whew! 
. AmericanAir’s first Boeing 737 MAX 8 is visible on the flightline in Renton.

(📷:  AeroimagesChris)

Photos:… 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Upgraded at Bank of America Corporation - Community Financial News : 
Rockwell Collins investors, don't freak out over a Boeing encroachment 
Death paying a visit to his helper in harm and destruction  Boeing   stopDSEI 
Engineers, you can  ExploreYourSubject AND watch TV: follow the development of the Boeing 747  BBC  Cambridge_Eng - 
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018  tech
Both Spacex and Boeing Are on Track To Launch Astronauts Into | |  OffWorld
Boeing Lose Holidays - คนบาป (Sinner)【Official Lyrics Video】 ข้อมูลจาก  YouTube
Outside Boeing Defence in Victoria to protest their arms sales to Saudi Arabia and their presence at the DSEI arms… 
Boein new avionics group Reuters aims to cut costs boost quality
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018  future
And...Boeing...other than the fact that you're losing it- which inspires confidence again, it's not you, it's Boein… 
The Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Is it the most beautiful airliner ever built?  boeing  787… 
ReutersAero: A  Boeing EF-18  Hornet and  Eurocopter EC665  Tiger from Spanish Air Force fly during airshow in Torre del Mar, Sp… …
A  Boeing EF-18  Hornet and  Eurocopter EC665  Tiger from Spanish Air Force fly during airshow in Torre del Mar, Sp… 
Why Boeing turned to UCF for high-tech simulation pilot program (Video)  Orlando
Sobre  tecnología: Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 
 AnnCoulter any wonder Boeing & Lockheed Martin stocks are so high? Military/industrial complex rules...
A Boeing 747 can carry about 60,000 gallons of jet fuel, which weighs about 400,000 pounds.
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018
 technology  future 
Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018: -  DigitalEconomy - August 1, 2017 at…
New post: Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Reaches New 1-Year High After Analyst Upgrade - Stock Observer : 
A really great story and a lesson to boot. 
Boeing  boeing   Boeing Hq Tower - Chicago 
 Space Both SpaceX and Boeing Are on Track to Launch Astronauts Into Space in 2018 - Futu… 
 Boeing:

Boeing Avionics:


 Emirates eyes  Boeing  Airbus multibillion dollar order   BoeingMidEast  aviation  AviationWeek  DXBMediaOffice
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet  vacation  travel… 
Boeing optimistic, India now the highest growth market in the world, with double digit growth. 
 JustBaseball25 Boeing, chevron, Verizon moved the Dow at least
 PTI  AirIndia puts on hold leasing of 787-9 planes, says  Boeing
 COL investors just got another reason to like the B/E Aerospace deal ✈️via  blsuth
Me gustó un video de  YouTube Boeing "The Real" New Midsize Airplane
 Boeing:

Does Rockwell Collins Have Anything To Fear From Boeing’s New …:


Ethereum miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards and AMD shares are soaring  wearefuckedup
Inside Pittsburg Obituaries: Wilma Jennings, 96, worked for Veterans Administration and Boeing 
In  Aviation  News,  Boeing takes aim at its  Avionics suppliers, sending  Stocks down:  AvGeek  Aircraft  Markets
Photo tour: Behind the scenes at the Boeing factory 
Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing 
Coal train 9003 still idling at North Boeing Field by  Georgetown, 9:30am  Coaltrain  NoCoalTrains  KeepItInTheGround
Intel (Intel:NAS) and Boeing (Boeing:NYS) Upgraded 
 blockchain  smartcontracts 
Ethereum Miners Opt for Leasing Boeing 747s to Ship Critical Amount of GPUS
 business Boeing's formula - or market emphasis - has been cash flow, because of the forward position - ~ 30 billion - on the Dreamliner.
Boeing helps blue-chip index soar to new highs via  WSJ
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet via  USATODAY
Boeing is Working to Strengthen a New Player in Airline Seat Market

Moody’s: C919 no match for Boeing-Airbus duopoly 
I liked a  YouTube video Boeing 787-8, Trent 1000, Thrust Reverser operation.
UV must have been right up there today...... one Leffe beer and I'm glowing like a Boeing.  YeeeeeHaaaa
Boeing 737-800 3 Units Package Deal ONLY For Sale or Lease Purchase Agreement!
IGR Helping Businesses Get Off The Gr…
The average Boeing 747 has around 150–175 miles of wiring inside it.
 VisitSeattle  SeafairFestival  Boeing 65th Anniversary commemorative magnets, posters, prints 20% OFF thru Sunday… 
One windshield or window frame of a Boeing 747-400’s cockpit costs as much as a BMW.
Aboard United Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 (Photos)  PugetSound
 seat control on board  qatarairways  boeing  b787 biz class from  stockholm to  Doha....… 
Check out NOS! VINTAGE US MILITARY AIRCRAFT F-15 EAGLE CAP HAT AIR FORCE Plane boeing  via  eBay
😮 Boeing signs  1 billion contract with  Dassault3DS for  3dexperience  software
 3dprintindustry  TechNews  Jobs 💸

Wonderful nap on board  qatarairways  boeing  b787 biz class from  stockholm to  Doha....… 
Crawford Investment Counsel Inc. Has  3.64 Million Position in  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) - Stock Observer : 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game Check it out!  cryptocurrency  steem…
I liked a  YouTube video VERY HARD BOEING 747 LANDING on a wet runway
Big Data for a Better Planet 
csalter74 and I touching down in Boeing Field Seattle! Thanks sabian404 for the pictures again… 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. 
Rockwell Collins may face revenue challenge from a top customer as Boeing is considering doing avionics in-house. 
DELIVERY: The first Boeing 737 MAX 8 for  flydubai from Seattle 

Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX ... 
Airbus vs. Boeing in worldwide flag carriers’ fleets 
 emirates to decide by year end on  BoeingAirplanes or  Airbus multibillion dollar order, says Sheikh Ahmed… 
I liked a  YouTube video BOEING AEROSPACE, lady yells " I'M SECURITY ASSHOLE, PAUL SAVES IT 1st Amend Audit
Why don’t we see more color on the exterior of an  aircraft? 🤔  arberger99  businessinsider 
🤣  Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards | PC Gamer - 
I liked a  YouTube video Arke Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner PH-TFK at London Luton Airport 19/12/14
 34.99 - Leatherman Super Multi-tool "Boeing" Engraved on Handle 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire  Boeing 747s just to stay in the game - Business Insider Australia : 
Emirates to decide by year end on Boeing or Airbus multibillion dollar order, says Sheikh Ahmed  via  thenationaluae 
My first Nvidia GPU was a revolution, never expexted ppl shipping them by charter jet to etherum mines 20y later… 
New post: "VIDEO Emirates Boeing 777-300ER Firm Landing at Hamburg Airport" 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet 
Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs 
This Brand New Private Jet Costs  74,000 an Hour:  travel  luxurytravel  luxury  Boeing… 
Tuesday at The Stand: Your Primary task, "repulsive"  Boeing, SeaTac’s boom  1u  waleg 
 ankit965491  vikrantgupta73 Can you compare today's Boeing 787 with old Douglas?? Both were best machines in there… 
 AVAV  Boeing:

Zacks Industry Outlook Highlights: AeroVironment, The Boeing …:


 SeanM1997 Hi Sean! Wi-Fi is available on the Airbus 310 and Boeing 737 since they don't offer individual screens. 1/2
Boeing and McLaren are both investing in multi-million pound factories in Sheffield.  

Other major investments are…
 SenSchumer  realDonaldTrump DJT suffers short term memory loss. Remember those "jobs" at Carrier he promised?  GON… 
Ryanair Boeing 737-800 EI-EVJ - FR505 Bristol to Dublin *Full Flight* (Sunrise Takeoff) 
Boeing's Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380 
NEW VIDEO: Ryanair Boeing 737-800 EI-EVJ - FR505 Bristol to Dublin *Full Flight* (Sunrise Takeoff)… 
Continuing layoffs at the South Carolina Boeing factory where Trump gave a speech promising to protect jobs 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.22 - Week Herald : 
 yo_jg_  raecharlezzz Don't you wish 21 pilots would end your life sometimes? Just 21 Boeing pilots jumping you in an airline hanger.
Aboard United Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 (Photos)

There’s more to  Boeing than  Dreamliners
 CRBJ  Aerospace  Defense  Manufacturing 

U.S. Army Awards Boeing Contract for Chinook Block II Upgrade  defense  aviation 
Aboard United Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 (Photos) 
Coco is a 150 ft wide by 45 ft tall giant origami crane. Her wing span is roughly the size of a Boeing 747!… 
Boeing, Air India come together to skill AMEs  india  indiabiz
A Geezer  Alert :  Boeing: Boeing contributes  3.5B to retirement plan 
. Boeing has created a new avionics group to make controls and electronics that will compete with its suppliers.… 
 dstar65  JasonWShepherd  baxlex  RKMac65  PerthAirport Boeing Delivered The Last Passenger 747 To Korean Airlines,… 
 rambleandwander (2/2) staggered seat to allow window passenger space just like how  JAL_Official_jp did with their… 
Ardevora Asset Management LLP Invests  25.91 Million in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - StockNewsTimes : 
Read my Aug 1 Newsletter featuring “Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards” 
. Boeing Fabrication site leader Adi Singh has big plans for manufacturing site 

 Netzero
Boeing Puts the Dow on its Shoulders 
 dstar65  JasonWShepherd  baxlex  RKMac65  PerthAirport Qantas Retired Their Oldest Boeing 747-400 VH-OJM Sunday… 
Zacks Investment Ideas feature highlights: Facebook, Boeing and MKS Instruments 
Boeing factory in South Carolina to lay off 200 workers 
"Boeing has travel & leisure as well as aerospace - if airlines are doing well & the government is spending defense money,  Boeing is a profit"
Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing - The Seattle Times.  Aviation 
Boeing Creates New Avionics and Electronics Unit 
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs  
Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22000 milestone - MarketWatch 
Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX - Dubai-based low-cost carrier (LCC) flydubai has taken delivery of its fir... 
 _JSchumann_  JSchlec81  ReformedBroker The Dreamliner does even better than avg sedan figure > 50 mpg per passenge… 
Boeing offers more buyouts at North Charleston campus, layoffs could follow 
 flightradar24  BoeingAirplanes  flydubai maaaan
The registration only is enough to celebrate "A6-MAX" 

well done… 
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Raised to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. - Stock Observer : 
Boeing forecasts 20-year demand in India for 2,100 new aircraft

Boeing forecasts a demand for 2,100 new aircraft … 
Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX

Dubai-based low-cost carrier (LCC) flydubai has taken delivery of its first B… 
 WandrMe  e_russell Umm, didn't we already know this? Boeing updated their Orders to reflect this change weeks ago.
Boeing's Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380 via  bllshbrsh
 WIN! Fav, Follow & Retweet to win a Boeing spladge-tating Purple Shrimp Sauerkraut - picked 1984 
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs via  bllshbrsh
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs 
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs… 
. Boeing Fabrication site leader Adi Singh has big plans for manufacturing site 
NEWS Boeing offers buyouts at South Carolina plant after June layoffs – Seattle Times 
This is the most ridiculous and asinine dispute in the history of ridiculous and asinine disputes. 
Omni Air International Boeing 767 3Q8ER (N477AX,  A5DB31) as U.S. Transportation Command flight  CMB335 OTT south east of  EDDC
like a boeing 737 my friend 
Economic Report: Boeing bonanza: Durable-goods orders soar 6.5% in June  Business
Blog: Key Boeing factory goes non-union 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game
Read more: 
Boeing contributes  3.5B to retirement plan  stockmarket

Boeing contributes .5B to retirement plan

Source: Seeking Alpha News
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Position Maintained by Atlas Brown Inc. - Transcript Daily : 
 KittensCabaret says good morning with  free cover 10:30am-6:30pm.  Seattle  Georgetown  Boeing  Microsoft  ilwu… 
 TheNW9  Boeing  michaelvtaras  m_jay_1_  JackHanisch  AydenZiomasQB  brandonbattle08  jtsheff3  bstein_9  ketneryoung This auto?
Put a down payment on a Boeing. They said it should be ready in 2027🛩✌🏽  solid  boeing… 
 LeeCamp BOEING/GE CEOs chaired Obama's trade & job councils & won't give emails w/ HRC 
 GE… 
Boeing offers buyouts at South Carolina plant after June layoffs - Seattle Times  layoffs
flydubai takes delivery of first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
durable good numbers were great ...if we all bought boeing airplanes to survive .. whirpool telling u the have and have not ration bad
 LeeCamp How do you think Boeing got Trump to shut up about the redacted emails between Boeing and Hillary Clinton?… 
Credit Suisse Group Reiterates Sell Rating for Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
 FG_STrim  BoeingAirplanes Though both the Bolivian and Boeing ones were actually Canadair CT-133s.
Boeing moves into jet controls, looking to reap cash across the life span of a jetliner 
Fantastic! - Boeing granted approval for first British manufacturing plant in Sheffield  via  bdaily
Jefferies Group Comments on Boeing Company  The’s Q3 2017 Earnings  Boeing 
Boeing Sheffield prepares for landing after planning decision  BoeingUK
 Boeing proposes installing  solar panels in trains for contactless energy transfer
 SolarPower… 
8/1-6  SeafairFestival Fleet Week & Boeing Maritime Celebration Kicks-Off Today! Parade of Ships, Ship Tours, 

As Boeing puts the DJIA on its shoulders, IBM has become an automatic out.  Boeing  IBM  … 
 ThaiAirways will operate their new BKK-VIE service from Nov17 with the Boeing 777-300ER instead of the Boeing 777-200!  psyched
Boeing contributed 14,435,370 shares of its common stock to the Employee Retirement Plans Master Trust, valued at approx  3.5 billion.
She is a bad pilot of Boeing 737 
Forget  Scaramucci going back to the Ex-Im Bank. The 'Boeing Bank' needs to be shut down.  EndExIm  CorruptCronyism
8/1-6  SeafairFestival Fleet Week & Boeing Maritime Celebration Kicks-Off Today! Parade of Ships, Ship Tours. 
📷 mapsontheweb: Airbus VS. Boeing in Worldwide Flag Carriers’ Fleets. 
 GatwickSnapper which company will Boeing get to run their new hangar?
 TriLinga_ Bulk of aircraft r financed by Boeing itself. no issues for 3rd party financing either, if the assembly is in india
From  dastan_gramm -   crewlife  crewiser  cabincrew  flightattendant  Q400  bombardier  desert  b737800  Boeing… 
 ICYMI  Airbus  A380: Game Over   

 avgeek  aviation  Airbus  Boeing  777X
 cleanstrike Boeing doesnt manufacture engines
I liked a  YouTube video Boeing 737: Engine Failure
Jeju Air acquires another Boeing 737-800 from Ryanair  traveltip  airline  travelnews  travel  news
Party at 38,000 feet: Aboard United's special 747 flight from Chicago to SF  TodayInTheSky 
 HAX_u_ANYTIME Not sure. Boeing offers discounted prices only for carriers. Carriers like AirAsia buy. And then sel… 
Saya suka video  YouTube Republik Indonesia Government Boeing 737-800BBJ [A-001] Takeoff from Hamburg after
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut su... 
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: American Airlines, Boeing, Cabot Oil & Gas, [0.07]: 
1. Boeing P-8A Poseidon United States NAVY | 168852 | Works over Gdansk Bay 

NEW BIGGEST RC AIRPLANE IN THE WORLD BOEING 747-400 VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRLINER


 jetcitystar Boeing believed  massive flights dead when A380 created   moved to 787 as response. so why surprise?
WestJet plans to fly Boeing 787-9s to China. Its first 787-9 arrives in 2019 1Q.
8/1-6 Seafair Festival Fleet Week & Boeing Maritime Celebration Kicks-Off Today!
Parade of Ships, Ship Tours,... 
United States Air Force Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (06-6156,  AE145A) as flight  RCH564 OTT  EDDC
Boeing, Air India come together to skill AMEs 
We have a requirement for Crew seats Pilot and CO Pilot Boeing and Airbus AR preferred old tags OK please advise what you have AVAILABLE.
Boeing forecasts demand for 2,100 new airplanes in India 
Saudi actress Offers Four Private Boeing 777s to Fly Qatari Pilgrims Amid Gulf ‘War’ Over Islam’s Holy Sites… 
Jefferies Group LLC Increases  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Price Target to  275.00 - Transcript Daily : 
 AvMROSean on how  Boeing plans to grow its aftermarket services revenue to  50 billion annually in the next decade: 
 JalenandJacoby  JalenRose  djacoby The SuperSonics were named for Boeing's planes good guess. But come on get with… 
In  Airlines,  Boeing, + The Rest 
 Boeing  LMT  EADSY  GD  RTN  NOC  BoeingESY  DUAVF  FINMY… 
Boeing forecasts 20-year demand in India for 2,100 new aircraft ... 
YR-BGA TAROM Boeing 737-38J: Photo by Petru Dimoff taken 15 July, 2017 at Cluj-Napoca… 
I liked a  YouTube video Opening Cowl and Thrust Reverser on Boeing 777 Engine GE90-90B
Air Florida Flight 90 Boeing 737 Ice River Plane Crash via  YouTube
TSS - Boeing 777 GE-90-94B - new sound package for PMDG and Captain Sim 777 models

I liked a  YouTube video Dramatic footage: Cargo Boeing 747 crashes at Bagram Airfield
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game - Business Insider… 
Why the 'Most Popular Airplane In History' Is Being Retired  TravelTuesday  Boeing 
When could China's C919 begin to challenge Airbus/Boeing narrow-body passenger duopoly?  aviationnews  avgeek 
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: American Airlines, Boeing, Cabot Oil & Gas, Pandora, Southern Co., Vertex and… 
Boeing estates give 25% discount on service plots
Just declare your interest and the plot(s) will be yours
Call 090… 
Aboard United Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 
Four years ago, Richard Johnson launched his career as a The Boeing Company First Officer – Pilot flying a... 
MarketWatch: "The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs "  fin…
 glazed  lemon  tard with  raspberry  coulis
Fine dining on  qatarairways  boeing  b787 biz… 
Saudi Arabia: Actress Offers Four Private Boeing 777s to Fly Qatari Pilgrims Amid Gulf ‘War’ Over Islam’s Holy Sites …
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to ... via… 
 Boeing Company (The)'s (NYSE:Boeing) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Vertical Research - BNB Daily (blog) : 
 jayantsinha and  Ashok_Gajapathi launhes  Boeing Apprenticeship for AMEs in India along with  airindiain… 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends Tell that to Carrier Boeing and Ford liar . 
Etihad Airways introduces next generation Boeing  news  Lifestyle 
A generous  cheese selection.

Fine dining on  qatarairways  boeing  b787 biz class from… 
 Im_TheAntiTrump Ask Carrier and Boeing about jobs! Ask the average nonunion worker about wages and inflation! CEO'… 
Saudi Arabia: Actress Offers Four Private Boeing 777s to Fly Qatari Pilgrims Amid Gulf ‘War’ Over Islam’s…… 
Airbus VS. Boeing in Worldwide Flag Carriers’ Fleets.  ThePowerOfMaps 
UDAN RCS scheme will generate more demand for bigger planes in 737 family, hopes Dr.Dinesh Keskar, Senior VP, Boeing 
Money: Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs - Francais Express - Canada 
REPORT: Boeing's 787 orders outpace Airbus A380:  Boeing  EADSY
 New Saudi Arabia: Actress Offers Four Private Boeing 777s to Fly Qatari Pilgrims Amid Gulf ‘War’ Over Islam’s Hol… 
Carrier- Jobs going to Mexico 
Boeing- Already laying off workers

Your Disapproval rating  realDonaldTrump-Roar,Wa… 
Boeing creates avionics group 
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs Boeing Co. is creati…
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boei... via  aviationweek
All those  Boeing  Dreamliners are paying off:  Air Canada profit soars to record  300M 
Saudi Arabia: Actress Offers Four Private Boeing 777s to Fly Qatari Pilgrims Amid Gulf ‘War’ Over Islam’s Holy Site… 
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up via  aviationweek
The Wall Street Journal: Boeing creates own avionics and electronics unit to cut supply costs: Boeing… MARKETWATCH
Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone  finance  marketnews
time to get Boeing to set up an assembly in India. 
Retweeted Businessweek ( BW):

Orders for Boeing's smaller 787 soar ahead of the Airbus jumbo A380... 
flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 - 
Meanwhile Boeing acculturates more evidence for its trade complaint Canada subsidizes the aerospace industry... 
Boeing offers voluntary buyouts at South Carolina plant after June layoffs.  
188 passengers evacuated from Boeing 737 after emergency landing on Burgas airport 
Well the carbon footprint of bitcoins is a horror story.... crazy... 
Boeing Factory Tour - Review of Show Me Seattle Tours, Seattle, WA - TripAdvisor 
This morning's breakfast preparing for Day 3 of the NW9 presented by  Boeing 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards | PC Gamer 
Delivered earlier to LATAM Chile was Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner CC-BGN, from Charleston 
Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX 
Westend Girl🛫😍 ➡➡➡➡➡➡➡
Aircraft - Boeing 787-9
Airline - Virgin Atlantic

Camera - Nikon D7200 /… 
 Boeing to Modernize, Increase Lift for US Army  Helicopters - American Machinist : 
 flydubai becomes the first in  MiddleEast to operate  Boeing newest single-aisle airplane —  737MAX8… 
Check out PIONEERS IN AVIATION DVD, WILLIAM BOEING & DONALD DOUGLAS, NEW SEALED  via  eBay
Boeing Contemplates Big Benefits From India’s Aviation Boom

Boeing's Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380 -  business  avgeek  Boeing  
Travel NewsUnited's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet 
NEWS Boeing forecasts 20-year demand in India for 2,100 new aircraft 
. MAS plans lie-flat Boeing 737 business class seats 😍😍😍
 avgeek 
United Airlines doing something special for Boeing 747 enthusiasts via  ChiBizJournal
Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing 

 
Aboard United Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 via  ChiBizJournal
Dow pushing 22,000. I think the only way it would get any news coverage is if Putin & Scaramucci had secretly invested  1 billion in boeing?
Boeing forecasts 20-year demand in India for 2,100 new aircraft via  ATWOnline  avgeek
Boeing, America's most subsidized company, continues to destroy jobs in SC  share via  postandcourier
Boeing Co: Heavy volume for Boeing Company (The) stock.  Boeing 
 Boeing hands the keys to  I5F4 over to  InmarsatGlobal. Thank you to our partner ,Inmarsat, & thanks Boeing employ… 
I've already been with Boeing for like six months. Goddamn.
 Pradeep33000bdx 📷> Airliner Boeing 767 & Craters & Seas🌓
.photo/  lebribri (france) 
Boeing's Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380 - Bloomberg 
Aboard United Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 (Photos)  seattle
Air to air with a United 777-222/ER departing Sydney over Botany Bay. Photo by Paul McCarthy 
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up 
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Position Maintained by Boston Family Office LLC - Sports Perspectives : 
One BILLION Dollars! Something that would even "wow!" Dr. Evil! 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Infinite Flight|Boeing 777|American Airlines
After receiving more than  1 BIL in taxpayer  subsidies, Boeing continues to cut jobs in SC -- > 1,000 in last yr   
Boeing has accounted for over 253 of the Dow's last 353 points over the last 6 trading days including today - over… 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years 
Boeing Puts the Dow on its Shoulders [0.15]: 
Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone: The biggest ..  marketwatch  news 
Boeing carries Dow to record as stocks get earnings boost | Fox Business.. Related Articles: 
188  passengers  evacuated from Boeing 737 after  emergency  landing on  Burgas  airport:

 miss_muttley7 📷> Airliner Boeing 767 & Craters & Seas🌓
.photo/  lebribri (france) 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends WTF kind of wild erroneous statement is this?  Boeing &  Carrier - 2 companies you… 
Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone via  YahooFinance
who cares if one more light goes out, well i do. :)
 LinkinPark  OneMoreLight  MyFav
 AirWorldToday: Boeing forecasts 20-year demand in India for 2,100 new aircraft  
business : Orders for Boeing's smaller 787 soar ahead of the Airbus jumbo A380 …… 
"Don’t concentrate on your mistakes. Just move on, let it go, and put the bad landings behind you" -Kathy McCullough 
Market Snapshot: Dow lifted to records by Boeing, as tech slump weighs o.. Related Articles: 
Virgin Orbit Readies For  Boeing  747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up 
Boeing delivers first 737 MAX 8 to flydubai 
 KVOAWeather 📷> Airliner Boeing 767  usa & Craters & Seas🌓
.photo/  lebribri (france) 
business: Orders for Boeing's smaller 787 soar ahead of the Airbus jumbo A380 
 Boeing, Blue Air Announce Order for Six 737 MAXs - Read more in detail - 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Upgraded to “Neutral” by Buckingham Research 
Thank you  AquariumPacific and  Boeing  for the best 5 days a teacher can ask for!  bestexperienceever  BTIteachers… 
August 1, 2017 Flydubai has taken delivery of its first Boeing 737 MAX 8, making it the first carrier in the... 
 Boeing  Sheffield boosts future  ukmfg  skills hopes post  Brexit
 UK  Recruitment  jobs  HR… 
 XRIM  MONEY business

Orders for Boeing's smaller 787 soar ahead of the Airbus jumbo A380 …
Boeing - Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22000 milestone 
business: Orders for Boeing's smaller 787 soar ahead of the Airbus jumbo A380 … 
flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
 RealTrillBill  VT_Ben i realized this is a nuanced take but it's not. fuck lockheed martin and boeing. fix our sch… 
Boeing factory where Trump touted jobs is laying off workers 
The Awesome B-54 Ultrafortress, Boeing’s Best Piston Prop Bomber That Failed To Ever Fly 
 JayS2629  WSJ MANY companies closing too: sears/macys/penneys/radioshack/gymboree (350 stores)/walmart/staples/boe… 
 flydubai has taken delivery of its first Boeing 737 MAX 8, becoming the first Middle East carrier to operate the type.  Boeing
Production Coordinator - Entry Level - BOEING - Salt Lake City, UT 
 elonmusk if you replace the “E” by “R” in “The Boeing Company”, you get “The Boring Company”!! Two successful companies. Period
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends But  Boeing but  Carrier but  Ford  realDonaldTrump every one of these places you'v… 
 rivermagic123  Inst_4_Studies and arguably led to Boeing's success - Comet was launched long enough before the 707… 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet (story + pic:… 
Our inter-island fleet is now ready, consist of the Boeing 717-200 or MD95 and  Vitaru_RBLX's Airbus A320.  ROBLOX… 
Avolon delivers one Boeing B737 MAX 8 to Lion Air 
 JamessReality  EmmaSengsta not air staff. staff. ask boeing and airbus, google it, I have not got time to explain it to you
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity 
Boston Family Office LLC Maintains Stake in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - The Cerbat Gem : 
Back in 2010: Boeing AV-8B+(R) Harrier II Plus 165586 

 ggreenwald Is he appearing on behalf of Boeing or Grummon this time? Lol
 realDonaldTrump Goldman Sachs, Boeing leading the charge ! The bull is running wild .. 45th , let's see how far El toro can run !
Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing.  Aerospace 
Boeing is the highest weighted stock in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. It's up 15% since last week 
 Boeing  DJIA
Market Snapshot: Dow buoyed by Boeing, as tech leads broader retreat in .. Related Articles: 
 Boeing welcome to the Sheffield City Region. Please consider sponsoring the Mistress Cutler's charity ball in Sept  mccsheff
NEWS Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX 
StockTwits: Boeing is the highest weighted stock in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. It's up 15% since last week …
 JohnJHarwood Trump to coal/Carrier/Boeing etc workers:
'WE'RE IN THE MONEEEE, WE'RE IN THE MONEEEE..' 
THERE’S MORE TO BOEING THAN DREAMLINERS
 Boeing  Dreamliner  Avimeter_magazine 
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: American Airlines, Boeing, Cabot Oil & Gas, Pandora, Southern Co., Vertex.. 
United&apos;s special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends That "roar" you hear is the sounds of the truck engines moving the Carrier and Boeing jobs to Mexico.
 realDonaldTrump It has nothing to do with you.  Boeing did it.  You're insane.
I liked a  YouTube video WTF!! Boeing 757 using the REVERSE GEAR - Skiathos Airport
 MCD Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone 
Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone -  
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up by AvWeekGuy via  aviationweek
NEWS Boeing, McDonald’s the biggest drivers of Dow’s climb toward 22000 milestone – MarketWatch 
Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: American Airlines, Boeing, Cabot Oil & Gas, Pandora, Southern Co., Vertex and Many More …
This is extremely scary, submarines can penetrate West Coast then disappear again, after a nuke, SFO Seattle- Boeing 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38000 feet - USA TODAY 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends Laid off people from Carrier and Boeing thank you for that.
 Virgin_Orbit readying  CosmicGirl for LauncherOne flight tests  space  spacelaw  satellite
This is nuts! Not what our community was promised. 
🇺🇸 Sky-High Boeing Co (Boeing) Stock Is Bleeding Fuel YAHOO!
Museum of Flight
-
boeing  boeing  airplane  flight  travel  explore  museum  transportation… 
Wow, Boeing market cap almost 1/3 of Facebook. Building aircraft vs building webPages for personal PR and Ads.… 
Photo of N361SW, a  SouthwestAir Boeing 737-3H4 that was retired on July 27. Seen here in 2010 at  LAX. 
bespokeinvest: As Boeing puts the DJIA on its shoulders, IBM has become an automatic out.  Boeing  IBM … 
Boeing to modernise next-generation Chinook  Aviation  Palestine
As Boeing puts the DJIA on its shoulders, IBM has become an automatic out.  Boeing  IBM 
While Boeing touts profits, workforce shrinks | Op-Ed 
Royal Flight - Boeing 757-256 
Mr. Mark Allen president Boeing India   Adressing launch of  AMEApprenticeship program. 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends How's it going with Boeing and Carrier?  Thought you were saving jobs?  Guess yet a… 
flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
🇺🇸 Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone YAHOO!
 BearsNation  Bears  ChicagoBears Boeing moves into jet controls, setting up supplier showdown 
 AirWorldToday: Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX 
 Boeing is abusing trade laws to harm its competition via  dcexaminer  innovation  Bombardier
 crpietschmann What type of plane is that? It looks a little different to be a Boeing... Is that a Douglas?
Xi Visits U.S. Boeing Factory - One News Page VIDEO 
 MCD:

Boeing, McDonald’s the biggest drivers of Dow’s climb toward 22000 …:


Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone
Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. Holds Stake in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - StockNewsTimes : 
 India will require 2,100 new planes worth US  290 bn over the next 20 years as per  Boeing
Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of 🇺🇸 Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone MARKETWATCH
Boeing, McDonald's the biggest drivers of Dow's climb toward 22,000 milestone 
Boeing India chief went back to his chair (extreme right) as  flyspicejet chief came over (was late).  ahem… 
 realDonaldTrump  foxandfriends What about the avg person What about   Boeing letting folks go? The jobs lost in NY… 
USAFE | 100ARW | 351ARS [EGUN] Boeing KC-135R (60-0324,  AE0480) as flight  QID88 OTT  EDDC
 qatarairways Boeing 777-300ER fcbarcelona livery landing on an overcast day at MIA at runway 12… 
Boeing Sheffield boosts future manufacturing skills hopes post-Brexit 
Boeing Moves Into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown  aircraft
Hey Cess I'm listening  4rom Seattle the home of Amazon,  tarbucks,Microsoft & Boeing. Pls play 4 me United-Commodores  ChairladyNCTC
Hey  realDonaldTrump, nice job keeping jobs in America.  ThisIsWinning? 


Will Boeing Hit  280 By Year End?   Boeing 
AirlineSector: Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing 
 Delta's Answer to  Boeing about  CSeries  Bombardier  Boeing  BBD.B.CA  BDRBF  tvanouvelles  jetcitystar  CAE 
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor - Seeking Alpha 
The trend towards vertical integration continues... 
I love this office view! Boeing 777 on very short final at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol 😊😊😊 
Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle via  nwtls
Global Remote Sensing Satellite Market 2017-2021 - Key Vendors Are Airbus Defence and Space, Ball Aerospace,... 
Flydubai takes first Boeing 737 MAX via  ATWOnline  avgeek 
 Boeing: Current Market Outlook 
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Position Maintained by Glenview State Bank Trust DEPT. - TheOlympiaReport : 
 RitaPanahi  CNN He may also identify as an M1A2 Abrams or a Boeing B52 Stratofortress. Those bigots at CNN need to… 
Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs - SFGate 
You need holy water for airplanes  Boeing 
 Boeing:

Boeing’s Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380:


 AAL  Boeing:

Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: American Airlines, Boeing …:


 POLITICSandFUN Without holy water, planes crash, US knows best, except Boeing company! 
Thank you  Boeing for this great reminder of not only how far we've come but also how far we have to go... | 
Air Tanzania's first ever Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner is expected by next year! -  Tourism255  TourismEA  TTBTanzania
 RobertAlai Alai, the last Boeing 777F, with the remaining Ballot Papers, is on the way to Nairobi. 
Tuesday's Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades PT2 
 CLDX  OFC  CACC  DISCA  FL  GEMP  HCA  ITW  IDTI  COL  SNI 

 investing  daytrading 
TUESDAY TOP ANALYST UP&GRADES & DOWNGRADES  
 AAL  Boeing  COG  P  SO  VRTX… 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet - USA TODAY 
 realDonaldTrump Most of the gain in the Dow is in Boeing. Thanks for playing.
 flydubai takes their first delivery of a Boeing 737MAX making it the first carrier in the region to operate this a… 
 SquawkStreet Hell, I remember that damn Jim Man somethin or another saying grab that Boeing with both hands in 2013on a sell off at  100ish
 SquawkStreet who ever said not to buy Boeing??? What are you talking about Cramer
 Boeing to deliver 41030 new  aircraft - TheNation Newspaper : 
Can a pilot of  Airbus  A320 land the  Boeing  B737 type  aircraft? 
Become  A320  pilot: 
 JohnnyJet Isn't that a Boeing Dreamlifter? ✈️
Boeing moves into jet controls, setting up supplier showdown
Read more:  boeing 
Boeing announces new avionics unit, sending Rockwell Collins shares into tailspin 
 camping trip in a  cave so large a  BoeingAirplanes 747 could fly through it?? Sign us up! 
Boeing - Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor - Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor Seekin... 
Boeing Curbs Costs, Boosting Profits and Shares via  WSJ 
📅 TODAY 
📍 SSE/Boeing -  6200 Lake Gray Blvd 32244, 10:30am-1:30pm
  FTFUSA  Jacksonville  foodtruck  foodtrucks
Boeing Sheffield boosts future  manufacturing skills hopes post-Brexit  BoeingUK… 
How Did Boeing Fly So Far Above Profit Expectations for Q2? 
Our Boeing 777 when in Beirut before flying back to Dubai. 
4K ATC Malaysia Airlines Retro Livery Boeing 747 9M-MPP Takeoff Landing ... via  YouTube
Breaking: Boeing  Boeing is creating a new unit to develop and build aircraft avionics systems. Discover more  Investing
Boeing Creates New Organization to Develop, Build Avionics 
Boeing Moves Into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown via  business
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Argus 
NEWS Boeing moves into jet controls, setting up supplier showdown – Chicago Tribune 
Norwegian Air Shuttle - Boeing 737-8JP 
SputnikInt: .Boeing contemplates big benefits from  India’s aviation boom 
Tillar Wenstrup Advisors LLC Has  2.19 Million Stake in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Transcript Daily : 
A canadiannorthair boeing 737-30(QC) rotating off runway 34, departing for Ottawa.  yfbspotters… 
. Boeing contemplates big benefits from  India’s aviation boom 
Boeing Resumes Test Flights On 737 Max - Shared from [ Technology 
Boeing Delivers First 737 MAX 8 to fly dubai

 emmanuelaguera  snewsyoulose  ArabellaArkwri1  LondonLovesBiz There's got to be some reason they don't tell you wh… 
Boeing's new maintenance facility at Gatwick gets one step closer to reality.  boeinguk 
 Skapinker  FT Reasons for this are more political than economic/market-based. It's a fine aircraft, but ill-suited to Boeing's investors
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor  LMT  NOC  EADSF  Boeing
Boeing Company (The)'s buy rating reiterated at Argus.  Boeing  Boeing
 HuginnRaven So they are different, but if we ignore all the differences, they are the same?
If we do that, antifa… 
ICYMI: As Boeing forms avionics unit, where will broadband connectivity fit?  PaxEx  AvGeek… 
Exploring Seattle And Boeing Factory | Travel Explored 
Loved flying 747s, especially the upper deck. United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet 
.  Boeing Global Services Starts Operations - via  defaiya 
PHOTO: TF-FIR, Iceland Air Boeing 757-200  avgeek
Analyst Activity – Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Hold on  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Market Exclusive : 
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor  Boeing
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor  Boeing  Boeing
song lyrics: a force running in every boy and girl

my mind: a force running in every Boeing girl
Air India puts on hold leasing of 787-9 planes, says Boeing 
All Nippon Airways "Star Wars BB-8" Boeing 777-300ER 
 Boeing Pot. intermed top in Uptrend INTRAWEEK 60m-15m-4m combo chart  Boeing  Trading 
Boeing to modernize Chinook 
News: flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 - Boeing and flydubai have celebrated the delivery of the airlin... 
Boeing wins  276m contract for CH-47F Chinook Block II upgrade programme  militarytechnology
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor 
📅 TODAY (8/1 Tuesday)
 
 📍   SSE/Boeing -  6200 Lake Gray Blvd 32244, 10:30am-1:30pm
 
 ⚡ Powered By... 
"Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards" 
Roadwork on NB 5 is picking up out of the duwamish river curves along Boeing field
Love this take on the Boeing-Bombardier trade dispute.  LeehamNews
 Boeing:

Sky-High Boeing Co (Boeing) Stock Is Bleeding Fuel:


Sky-High  Boeing Is About to Run Out of Fuel  Boeing 
Credit Suisse Group Reiterates Sell Rating for  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) - Chaffey Breeze : 
After layoffs, Boeing offers buyouts at South Carolina plant  Aerospace
Boeing Sheffield boosts future manufacturing skills hopes post-Brexit  
 MAGA right?

We miss the Obama economy when Boeing was expanding and growing. 
 LindseyGrahamSC Boeing was top contributor to LG's campaign. LG publicly supports  EXIM bank (taxpayer subsidized… 
flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8: Boeing and flydubai have celebrated the delivery of the  airline’s first 737 MAX 8, making the…
 OTD First flight of Boeing 737-900 on 1 August 2000.
 Boeing  airliner  aeroausmag  avgeek 
Air India Puts On Hold Leasing Of 787-9 Planes, Says Boeing 
Sizzling News – Boeing Co (NYSE:Boeing), Marathon Patent Group Inc (NASDAQ:MARA) - Stock Watch 
 Boeing Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: The Boeing Company and Tesla 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet  travel 
37 best images about Boeing Factory- Everett, Washington on Pinterest | Boeing everett factory, Boeing dreamlift... 
AIRLINE NEWS:  Boeing delivers the first 737 MAX 8 to flydubai 
Boeing gets boost from United and lifts demand forecast Stockbroker  
Boeing Sheffield boosts future manufacturing skills hopes post-Brexit – Recruiter 
Virgin has modified a Boeing 747 to fire ROCKETS from underneath its wings 
 Brands_India India will need 2,100 planes in next 20 years: Boeing 
 TheDomino Bow to Boeing
Plane Spotting from Inside and Outside Boeing's Factory in Washington | Travel Blog 
Icon Advisers Inc. Co. Sells 8200 Shares of  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) - Sports Perspectives : 
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet - 
 Aus_AirForce   Boeing  C17 Globemaster III belonging to the 39th Squadron resting on Romeo bay of CSIA Mumbai. 
after a stop in Ottawa, “the
Boeing would have proceeded across the Atlantic to London’s Heathrow airport” 
Boeing.  On a trading perspective go contrarian. Investing perspective-buy in the dip. Bear call spread  250 strike…
Saudia Boeing 777-3FG(ER) HZ-AK45 made its first flight in service as SV7026 from Jeddah (JED) to Nice (NCE).. 
 Boeing creates new in-house  avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing 

Rockford was finalist in Boeing factory search - News - Rockford Register Star - Rockford, IL 
1971 An All Nippon Airways Boeing 727 and a Japanese Air Force F-86 collide over Morioka, Iwate,  Japan killing 162.
United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet  travel
New post: "United's special domestic Boeing 747 flight was a party at 38,000 feet" 
 SecureTeam10 We call them things "Boeing Bombs!"
Tonight! Say no to arms dealers and DSEI exhibitors, Boeing, nr. Victoria. 
MUST SEE Boeing 767 Takeoff Cockpit MULTICAM VIEWS Baku to Istanbul! [AirClips] 
 KerbalSpaceP  Bbeltdan  NASA  Boeing  LockheedMartin plz retweet. A hypersonic craft in flight thanks to B9 Aerosp… 
 Georgia_Lindsay  JimmyAlbertson 600,000 airline pilots required according to Boeing report
Jefferies Group Comments on  Boeing Company (The)'s Q4 2017 Earnings (Boeing) - Chaffey Breeze : 
'Travel news' flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 - Boeing and flydubai have celebrated the delivery of th... 
 michaelmeloni Hi Michael, we currently operate a Boeing 777- 300 out of Sydney. We hope this helps. ^Natalie
NEWS flydubai takes delivery of its first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
30-Year-Old Pilot Becomes Youngest Ever Woman to Captain a Boeing 777  inspiration 
Reports: New Boeing Unit to Develop Avionics Tech for Military, Commercial Clients 
A Geezer  Alert :  Boeing: Boeing: Wait For This Stock To Come Back From Space 
 Boeing has accounted for 206 of the  Dow30 291 point gain in last week.
TRA5563 descending FL110 (B738/Boeing 737-8K2/PH-HZO/Netherlands/Transavia Airlines/AMS-KTW)  EPWR 
 carlquintanilla  peterschack  CNBC wonder how much of that is Boeing?
Money: Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs - PressFrom - Canada 
Also happening now at  Kaduna Airport is the Hajj 2017 special airlift. Well done  medview_info ✈👏. Nice to host th… 
Congrats  flydubai for being the first airline in the Middle East to get the latest  B737MAX aircraft. 

 aviation… 
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Earns “Hold” Rating from Credit Suisse Group - Stock Observer : 
BOEING TO MODERNIZE, ADD MUSCLE TO NEXT-GENERATION CHINOOK
 Boeing  chinook  Army… 
 _Choccie It was the 777 promotion where they partied in 7 cities over 7 days. Azania was also on that Boeing.
Boeing to Modernize, Add Muscle to Next-Generation Chinook 
 travel  tourism News: flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
Royal Thai Air Force Boeing 737 448 (99-999,  882248) OTT  EDDC
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game via  bi_contributors
 Boeing forecasts demand for 2100 new  airplanes in India worth  290 billion over the next 20 years… 
Touchdown! Boeing 737-800 ... welcome to Kaduna Ethiopian Airlines cc  Target757  Mr_Freemayne 
 Boeing Company (The)'s (NYSE:Boeing) Sell Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group - The Cerbat Gem : 
Omni Air International Boeing 777 2U8ER (N819AX,  AB2AE1) as U.S. Transportation Command flight  CMB118 OTT south east of  EDDC
United States Air Force Boeing KC-135R (60-0324,  AE0480) OTT  EDDC
Has anyone added up the carbon cost of Bitcoin and the like? Well, anyway... this is truly insane: 
Boeing to Modernize, Add Muscle to Next-Generation Chinook: U.S. Army’s Chinook Block II program to extend prod...

Admirative 👍 !!!!! 
( Flight Simulator X / FSX ) Etihad Boeing 777 Landing At Cairo: via  YouTube
 flydubai takes delivery of first  BoeingAirplanes 737 MAX 8  aviation  aircargo  airfreight  aircargoweek
Boeing raises India aircraft forecast to 2,100 jets

Boeing Contemplates Big Benefits From India’s Aviation Boom 
News: flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8: Boeing and flydubai have celebrated the delivery of the  airline’s first 737 MAX 8, making…
Boeing moves into jet controls, setting up supplier showdown by  IndustryWeek 
Boeing Contemplates Big Benefits From India’s Aviation Boom - 
An asteroid the size of a Boeing 737—and much larger than the Chelyabinsk asteroid nearly missed out planet and... 
 airserbia Boeing 737-3H9 at CTA back in 2015. 
 Boeing Forecasts Demand for 2100 New  Airplanes in  India  
20-yr  outlook shows  290 bn worth of airplanes needed over next 20 yrs
 avgeek
US PLANE-MAKER BOEING WILL COACH AVIATION AND TRAVEL STARTUPS IN SHANNON

 US  Boeing… 
New  Boeing factory gets green light  SheffCouncil creating  job  business opportunities  TheAMRC  SheffCityRegion 
After Delays, SpaceX and Boeing Aim to Launch Astronauts Next Year via  PopMech
After recent layoffs, Boeing now offers buyouts at South Carolina plant 
Should we be anticipating 2008 all over again?  cryptocurrency  bitcoin  ETHEREUM

 bi_contributors
Boeing forecasts demand for 2,100 new airplanes in India worth  290 billion
 Boeing creating a new unit to develop & build aircraft avionics systems, insourcing key technology to cut costs
Trump visited this Boeing factory to celebrate jobs. It just announced layoffs..... : Nation and international w... 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Price Target Increased to  280.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG - StockNewsTimes : 
To  Blockchain dreamers - it's technology so it ultimately accelerates power laws: bigger means more means bigger.. 

Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s Check it out!  cryptocurrency  steem  blockchain
Boeing Creates New Avionics and Electronics Unit  Business
So  emirates jacked up wifi prices 1,599% less than 3 years after this: What happened to the plans to make it free?
Boeing Moves into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown  manufacturing 
 abyssbone my wife goes into labor and we have to take a simpsons movie roller coaster to the hospital sponsored by walt disney and boeing
News: flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
News: flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8 
Boeing for  Bitcoin.  Mining  Cryptocurrency 
Boeing - After layoffs, Boeing offers buyouts at South Carolina plant 
. FlyDubai will be the first in  UAE to operate  Boeing's newest single-aisle  airplane, the  737MAX8  news  Dubai
BTN_News:  TravelNews  Travel flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8  flydubai  737MAX  Boeing  
 FB Dow Hits Record High But In Range; China Play Breaks Out 
Welcome to our family! 
Boeing 747, Tricase- Lecce!😜😜
Aircraft demand for India put at 2100, value at USD290b by Boeing
 Bengaluru
 aircraft
 Boeing… 
Boeing factory: The biggest building in the world | The Courier-Mail 
flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX 8  flydubai  737MAX  Boeing  
Boeing stock is way out of control: Zacks Investment Research's John Blank.. 
Boeing to Modernize, Add Muscle to Next-Gen Chinook 
 Boeing expects record  orders from India over next 20 years | Wings Herald: 
Inside Boeing's newest aircraft – what does it offer air passengers?  aviation  flying  travel  Boeing
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Raised to Sector Perform at Royal Bank Of Canada - The Cerbat Gem : 
Boeing's new avionics group aims to cut costs, boost quality via  ChannelNewsAsia
Air France’s Boeing 777 get a makeover  Aviation_News 
USAF | 55WG | 38RS [KOFF] Rivent Joint Boeing RC-135W (62-4138,  AE01CD) as flight  DORSY04 OTT north east of  EDDC
 TerryHaas1  Boeing It was their money.
 Gatwick  Airport unveils £1bn five year plan
 Recruitment  UK  Construction  Jobs  Boeing  BusinessGrowth… 
Boeing granted approval for first British manufacturing plant in Sheffield  via  bdaily  barnsleyis
New post: Skyrocketing Stocks From Capital Goods Sector: Boeing Company (The) (NYSE: Boeing), Visteon Corporation 
Boeing Delivers First 737 MAX 8 to flydubai 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Lifted to “Outperform” at Credit Suisse Group - TheOlympiaReport : 
 India will will take deliveries of 2,100 planes worth USD 290 billion in next 20 years, says aviation major  Boeing 
Athena Capital Advisors LLC Invests  236,000 in Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
 Boeing has forecast a demand for 2,100 new  airplanes in  India, valued at  290 billion, over the next 20 years. 
taxiing - Where is the taxiway between the Boeing factory and Paine Field airport? - Aviation Stack Exchange 
Boeing Everett Factory to Abbotsford by Train, Bus, Car 
Great example of collaboration: US uni & aviation giant Boeing develop technology 2b used by trainee pilots  intled 
 Boeing expects  India to order up to 2,100  planes over next 20 years

 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Stake Held by Cohen Klingenstein LLC - Sports Perspectives : 
🛫India will need 2,100 planes in next 20 years🛬, vía  bsindia 
😍❤🔥✈
 Repost oliverlesiecki (get_repost)
・・・
✈ airchinalimited
Airplane: Boeing… 
Sojourner Truth becomes latest American tailfin hero on... - Norwegian via  mynewsdesk_uk
AviationWeek: Virgin Orbit readies for Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' flight test build-up 🔓  a…
Campaigners target Boeing and its arms sales to Saudi Arabia ahead of London Arms Fair 
Roses are red
Violets are blue
I use stirs from Boeing
And so should you.
Virgin Orbit readies for Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' flight test build-up 🔓 
Gains for AT&T and Boeing Help Lift US Stock Indexes Higher 
Swiss National Bank Increases Stake in  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) - Sports Perspectives : 
Super show  IndiGo6E  AdityaGhosh6E  SukhjitPasricha ! 
 Boeing  prakasharao 
US Marine Corps Bell Boeing MV-22 Osprey tiltrotor flight display at Farnborough Airshow 2012 1080  avgeek  video …
 SojournerTruth becomes  FlyNorwegian's latest tail fin hero, appearing on our new  Boeing  737MAX later this summe… 
MAGNIFICENT Boeing 747 Close-Up Landing | Dubai Air Wing A6-GGP ● Melbourne Airport Plane Spotting – Dubai Video 
Boeing Crosses the Rubicon  PeteSkibitski  COL
New post: India may need 2,100 planes over 20 years, says Boeing 
Jet2  Boeing involved in two emergencies has been  flying for three decades - The Independent : 
 normasp  gethypnosis Everithing else is Boeing.........
Boeing delivers first 737 MAX 8 to Flydubai 
NEWS Boeing Forecasts Demand For 2,100 New Airplanes In India 
 flydubai receives its first 737 MAX 8 from  Boeing 
Welcome to the family! the New LV-GVA B737-800 will cover our domestic and regional routes, this is the 29th… 
Flying over Nova Scotia  Canada,onboard  Boeing  B747400  Speedbird  NewScotland  WingView  Rollsroyce  RB211  Boeing… 
Passengers like flying on planes not made by Boeing or Airbus 
Boeing has accounted for 206 of 291 DOW points gain over last week
 AirlinersMag G-FDZU Thomson Airways Boeing 737-8K5  wet  lutonairport  TUI  airliners  flickr 
Northwest Wealth Management LLC Has  248000 Position in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Sports Perspectives : 
protestCAT flying Boeing Boeing to  Newyork prior to  protestmaskproject opening tomorrow  Summerhallery  antitrump… 
Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle 
 Boeing forecasts a demand for 2,100 new air planes in India, valued at  290 billion, over the next 20 years.… 
Boeing: A Watershed Moment?:
 Aviation  Aircraft
Boeing 767 United Airlines 
Boeing 777. See what pilots do in the cockpit of large jets. 
India will need 2,100 planes in next 20 years: Boeing 
Qatar Airways - Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner 
 India will need 2,100 planes in next 20 years: The Boeing Company  exp_travel 
Boeing 787-9 American Airlines 
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up  Boeing
New  Boeing unit aims to develop avionics, electronics systems  GovCon 
Global 3D Printing Market 2017-2022- Boeing, Stratasys and 3D Systems 
 narendramodi Sir under " Make In India" why we are not making aeroplanes like Boeing do. Sir we need approx 2100 plains in 20 years.
BOEING 737-8AS,TAIL:  4CA8E4,ALT: 3750ft,SPD: 318mph,HEADING: 103 deg,LAT: 53.427841,LON: -2.926522, FlightAware
BOEING 757-204,TAIL:  398904,ALT: 36025ft,SPD: 543mph,HEADING: 323 deg,LAT: 52.995161,LON: -1.542873, FlightAware
 3DEXPERIENCE Forum is back this September! Stand your chance to know all about the Age of Experience with us.… 
 RailMinIndia Sir under " Make In India" why we are not making aeroplanes like Boeing do. Sir we need approx 2100 plains in 20 years.
 ufeellucky First flight in 1952, and still in service. Boeing sure does make great aircraft.
New picture to Boeing 737-800NG (YI-ASW)
 Airplane Boeing 737-800NG
 Airline  IraqiAirways
 Airport  Renton / Washi… 
Analyzing Textron (TXT) &  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Sports Perspectives : 
Boeing’s  BoeingUK  Sheffield scheme cleared for take-off 
Boeing to Modernize, Increase Lift for U.S. Army Helicopters 
Here's a funny hymn: Bo Dallas has landed a Boeing 747 on nothing of  any importance.
 MakeInIndia This black box self-ejects, helps save vital data  india  Boeing  Airbus  embraer  aircraft  safety
Liked on YouTube: [GoPro] Boeing 777-300ER Walkaround 
 Boeing  Airbus in this 21st century also v need black box in Aeroplane? Y can't it just upload directly into cloud storage?
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Given a  274.00 Price Target at Sanford C. Bernstein - Week Herald : 
Pacific Air Cargo flying overhead at 25,000ft, Boeing 747  pacificaircargo  boeing… 
 India will need 2,100 new airplanes over next 20 years:  Boeing 
 aviation 

MARKET SNAPSHOT: Dow Buoyed By Boeing, As Tech Leads Broader Retreat In .. Related Articles: 
Feel like I've been  here before, Feel like I've been here before...  Boeing  EdForceOne 
My arrival into  dublin  ireland in the brand new Boeing 737 MAX 8  timelapse Part 2… 
 avgeek  Delta will be training a new crop of  CSeries pilots very soon amid  Boeing fears of...  BOMBoeingRDIER ? Real… 
It's Way Too Late to Board  Boeing -  TheStreet_News : 
News:  BoeingUK receives clearance for £20m facility  BusinessPark1 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards < The money these guys move is insane
New post: Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up Aviation Week:  ...read more 
Launch of Scoot's first Dreamliner: From Seattle's Boeing factory to Singapore 
India will require 2,100 new airplanes over next 20 years, says  Boeing 
 aviation

I liked a  YouTube video FLIGHT REVIEW DELTA AIRLINES DL 296 TOKYO NARITA TO ATLANTA ON BOEING 777-200LR Main
Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing via  seattletimes
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up  Boeing  Boeing
I liked a  YouTube video Rapid Descent (Depressurisation) in a Boeing 777
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Rating Increased to Neutral at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) - BBNS : 
 cnnbrk  congressdotgov  SenJohnMcCain  SenatorCollins  lisamurkowski  GOP  OfficeGovEthics  CREWcrew… 
 photooftheday: a  usairforce  Boeing C17 Globemaster drops off  cargo on an exercise over  Washington.  avgeek 
Air India puts on hold leasing of 787-9 planes, says Boeing via  economictimes
Etihad Airways introduces next-generation Boeing 787 between Abu Dhabi and Beirut   
Inflight200 1:200 Singapore Airlines Boeing 747-400 9V-SPQ (IF74440Y) ***RARE*** 
The White House reports that Boeing identified the Government's leadership as well as bar a transfer toward US states and on Feb.
 Boeing Company (The)'s (Boeing) Buy Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company - StockNewsTimes : 
Boeing shares soar after 2nd-quarter profit, cash top estimates 
 nsfidai  AnyBodyCanFly India will need 2100 planes worth  290 billion in next 20 years : Boeing in today's Business Standard   SpiceJet
 EtihadAirways Boeing 777 taking off at  manairport !  boeing777  avgeek  planespotting 
Qatar Airways QR726 flying overhead on 24/07/2017, 32,900ft, Boeing 777, Chicago - Doha… 
 aerospace  Program_Management_Corner Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up… 
BOEING 787-8 DREAMLINER,TAIL:  06A0AD,ALT: 31450ft,SPD: 560mph,HEADING: 93 deg,LAT: 53.403703,LON: -4.069627, FlightAware
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game  cryptocurrency  socialmediamarketing
The miracle of flight.🛫📸. stanstead .
.
.
.
.
 plane  flight  boeing  airplane  airport  runway… 
Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down 
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Position Increased by American Asset Management Inc. - StockNewsTimes : 
Online News Planet - Photo tour: Behind the scenes at the Boeing factory 
United States Air Force Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (07-7175,  AE146D) OTT  EDDC
After Delays, SpaceX and Boeing Aim to Launch Astronauts Next Year 
Ot - Is the Boeing factory in Seattle worth a visit? - FlyerTalk Forums 
BOEING EXPECTS INDIA TO ORDER UP TO 2,100 AIRCRAFT OVER 20 YEARS 
 Boeing  India… 
I liked a  YouTube video FIRST VISIT: Korean Air Lines Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner Landing   Toronto Pearson Int'l
Boeing Is Cutting 1,800 Seattle-Area Factory, Engineering Jobs - Bloomberg 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards. 😮 
I liked a  YouTube video MAGNIFICENT Boeing 747 Close-Up Landing | Dubai Air Wing A6-GGP ● Melbourne Airport
 Boeing delivers first 737 MAX 8 to  flydubai

A classic shot of an Air Canada 747-133 at Frankfurt in 1997. Photo by Paul Spijkers 
USAF | 305AMW [KWRI] Boeing C-17A Globemaster III (00-0175,  AE0811) as flight  RCH350 OTT  EDDC
Ameriprise Financial Inc. Sells 86836 Shares of  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) - Community Financial News : 
Ethereum miners are so desperate for graphics cards that they are renting Boeing 747s 
Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing - The Seattle Times 
 jrbattaglia  IAMBobMartinez  seattletimes  Boeing IF a single airplane is delivered from there,  751 has failed it… 
British Airways Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner at London on Jul 22nd 2017, lightning strike | AeroInside 
 JalenandJacoby are you guys serious ? SUPERSONICS from the BOEING JETS..... come on  206  gtgtpwtw
US plane-maker Boeing will coach aviation and travel startups in Shannon (via  thejournal_ie) 
 XRIM  MONEY FoxBusiness

Boeing sets up avionics group to capture flight electronics sales 
— FOX Business (FoxBu…
NASA has  this week approved target dates of June and August 2018 for the rival SpaceX and Boeing MANNED CREW spacecraft orbital tests.
 jrbattaglia  IAMBobMartinez  seattletimes  Boeing IP RM should hop in N11AM and come here and see himself.Going do… 
Forecast International: Boeing on a Roll Both Civil and Military Markets Remain Strong 
Talent Integration Specialist - BOEING - Dallas, TX Job Dallas
Lockheed Martin, Boeing Rally Around Saudi Arabia, Wave Off Humanitarian Concerns by  lhfang
 jrbattaglia  IAMBobMartinez  seattletimes  Boeing Don't let the word "Feasibility" get in your way. Tell them to r… 
 btc  eth
 Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards. 😳

Boeing Helps Blue-Chip Index Soar to New Highs -- WSJ - Fox Business 
Why Boeing, iRobot, and U.S. Steel Jumped Today -- The Motley Fool - Motley Fool  irobot
 EgyptWatch BRIEF-Flydubai says Boeing delivers first 737 Max 8  egypt  مصر
One of the reasons Ethiopia's economy overtook Kenya as East Africa’s strongest: 
Boeing - Boeing Helps Blue-Chip Index Soar to New Highs -- WSJ - Boeing Helps Blue-Chip Index Soar to New Highs -- ... 
QCI Asset Management Inc. NY Lowers Position in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Markets Daily : 
Virgin Orbit's Cosmic Girl is being readied for a series of ground and flight tests by… 
Flydubai has taken delivery of its first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft.
 aviation  AirlineNews  B737  Dubai

 seanhannity  GreggJarrett  larryelder BOEING/GE CEOs led Obama's trade & job councils & won't hand over emails w/… 
Avior Airlines - Boeing 737-232/Adv -  aviofotolv 
NEWS Boeing Helps Blue-Chip Index Soar to New Highs — WSJ – Fox Business 
 jrbattaglia  IAMBobMartinez  seattletimes  Boeing Contract language evaluated? Where were you when it was placed in our contract?
Forecast International: Boeing on a Roll Both Civil and Military Markets Remain Strong 
 jrbattaglia  IAMBobMartinez  seattletimes  Boeing What more do you need? They have broken ground. Paint, interiors… 
American Asset Management Inc. Has  320000 Stake in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Week Herald : 
Boeing CEO: 777X program in Everett is on track to deliver new jets in 2020 - 
My departure out of  newburgh  newyork  usa bound for  dublin  ireland in the brand new Boeing… 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years 
 PilotsNews  boeing… 
India is one of the most under-served aviation markets. Likely to change over the next decade as infrastructure scal…
 GeminiJets  usairforce  Boeing Super Cool 👍
 Boeing is American  technology!!! via  WSJ
I liked a  YouTube video BOEING, RAYTHEON, AND LOCKHEED SET TO DEVELOP BoeingLLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MULTI-WARHEAD
Boeing sets up avionics group to capture flight electronics sales  
Green light for aerospace giant Boeing's £20m Sheffield factory  Boeing  AMPTechCentre… 
Boeing BBJ 737 MAX NEW For Sale !
Cnt: vip.igr.sales.nareshm outlook.com
We are here to assist any qualified buyer t…
 ajit_ranade Even China's COMAC C919 took 7 years to fly first craft. Boeing & Airbus won't make it in India
im in, boeing jets global express out the country blueberry still connect
Analysts Delving into the Numbers on  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - Buckeye Business Review : 
WSJ: Boeing is creating a new unit to develop and build aircraft avionics systems

Boeing has enough experience to develop and build aircraft avionic systems for itself. Go ahead! via  WSJ
Had a great weekend at  EAA , what an airshow!!  Glad I brought my camera.   Boeing  northrop  LockheedMartin 
Republik Indonesia Government Boeing 737-800BBJ [A-001] Takeoff from Hamburg after G20! 
How Jack Welch's Biggest Blunder Makes Boeing Stock A Buy - Forbes 
Join 6 people right now at "Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle"  cheers…… 
BOEING 737-81D,TAIL:  C00EC2,ALT: 18575ft,SPD: 410mph,HEADING: 230 deg,LAT: 53.475906,LON: -2.25565, FlightAware
BOEING 737-8AS,TAIL:  4CA816,ALT: 38000ft,SPD: 522mph,HEADING: 319 deg,LAT: 52.964081,LON: -1.448898, FlightAware
BOEING 737-8AS,TAIL:  4CA76A,ALT: 2350ft,SPD: 229mph,HEADING: 298 deg,LAT: 53.342394,LON: -2.91477, FlightAware
Boeing is creating a new unit to develop and build aircraft avionics systems

NATO Boeing E-3A Sentry (LX-N90442,  4D03C0) as flight  NATO07 OTT  EDDC
Today’s delivery is the first of 75 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes the FlyDubai will be adding to its fleet of Next-Gener… 
The latest Aviation Classics Gazette !  boeing  stearman
Incident:  ConocoPhillips Boeing 737-700 at Deadhorse on Jul 28th 2017, caribou strike  avgeek  ConocoPhilips  B737
KarloMdz: WSJ: Boeing is creating a new unit to develop and build aircraft avionics systems
… 
delivered earlier today to Air Europa was Boeing 737-800 EC-MPS, from Boeing Field 
Great HR Jobs at Boeing -  Talent Integration Specialist - (Dallas, Texas, United States)  jobs  boeingcareers
Great HR Jobs at Boeing -  Talent Integration Specialist - (Chicago, Illinois, United States)  jobs  boeingcareers
Great HR Jobs at Boeing -  Talent Integration Specialist - (Arlington, Virginia, United States)  jobs  boeingcareers
Great HR Jobs at Boeing -  Talent Integration Specialist - (Seattle, Washington, United States)  jobs  boeingcareers
CARGO HOLD DOOR GOT STUCK
➡ AMC Airlines
✈  Boeing 737-86N SU-BPZ
🌍 landing at  Graz Airport
 AMC  avgeek 


Boeing now uses 3D Printing to stay Competitive  3dprinting  tech
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. - BNB Daily (blog) : 
Boeing Cuts Back On Large Aircraft As Demand Drops 
On delivery to Korean Air Lines is Boeing 747-800 HL7644, from Everett 
Boeing 727  Crash Test !!! 
GALATASARAY ONBOARD
➡  TurkishAirlines
✈ Boeing 737-8F2 TC-JOG
🌍 landing at  Graz Airport
 TK3345  avgeek


NEWS Boeing Delivers First 737 MAX 8 To Flydubai 
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: Boeing is creating a new unit to develop and build aircraft avionics systems

 Dow  stocks  Boeing Boeing Co Daily:-0.84% Weekly:5.12% YTD:7.72% Trend:93 / 100  
The most active  Ethereum miners are renting Boeing 747 airplanes to ship orders of graphics cards  cryptocurrency  
 XRIM  MONEY WSJ

Boeing is creating a new unit to develop and build aircraft avionics systems
— Wall Street Journa…
Dow at Records as Boeing Gains, S&P on Track for Best Month Since February 
Here's why Boeing 747s have a giant hump in the front:  
Boeing says Indian airlines to order 2,100 aircraft over 20 years 
 NATO Boeing C-17A (02), now over Slovenia, will enter into Italian airspace in few minutes near Udine, heading 259°, FL340
 NanohaJet: The Boeing 747-8 Intercontinental, which NHJ didn't purchase (thanks to the fact that the Boeing 777-30… 
Flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX jet  Dubai  properties  UAE
NEWS Flydubai receives first Boeing 737 MAX jet 
Aerospace giant Boeing plans to develop a multimillion-pound manufacturing and research facility in Sheffield… 
Have you ever wondered how giant airplane parts get moved?  engineering

 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Shares Sold by Terra Nova Asset Management LLC - Stock Observer : 
Low cost carrier Flydubai has received its first 737 MAX 8 aircraft from Boeing 
Boeing shares climb on hopes for strong Indian demand  
Boeing: A Watershed Moment? - Barron's 
B-1B Low Pass  OSHKOSH  OSH17  B1B  Boeing   CaptNando  FBaviation  Hangarflights  Panama  Pty… 
American Airlines (AA) – Boeing 767-300ER – N345AN – John F. Kennedy International Airport… 
From  captain_shields Beautiful German sunrise, headed to Hong Kong 🇭🇰 _
 avgeek  pilot… 
 Pilot  Aviation  Flight | Boeing raises India aircraft forecast to 2,100… | 3D-Astronomer 
MARKET SNAPSHOT: Dow Lifted To Records By Boeing, As Tech Slump Weighs O.. Related Articles: 
Boeing Helps Blue-Chip Index Soar to New Highs -- WSJ  
Lion air B737-800  madariphoto  Semarang  indonesia  boeing  boeing737  ahmadyaniairport… 
 Boeing raises 2017 earnings forecast - Normangee Star : 
 Ethereum miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards and AMD shares are soaring  cryptocurrency… 
. Boeing Fabrication site leader Adi Singh has big plans for manufacturing site… via  3BLMedia
 Airport_FRA  ChristanEngels Boeing 747-8, a beautiful aircraft pure and simple - lets hope twin engines don't take over completely
First time flying Virgin Boeing 787  Dreamliner from NY to London - flight so smooth and little noise! 
 jonk It's time to come out of the closet man.  We  avgeeks are a loving and welcoming community...unless you like… 
Boeing 787 of  Fly_Norwegian visiting  MalagaAir regulary during summer season
 aviation  xentoni  Norwegian… 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game Want to be part of it? Send me a DM
I liked a  YouTube video How to Land a Boeing 777 without Any Engines
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Price Target Raised to  275.00 - Sports Perspectives : 
This Boeing 777 jet is made entirely out of manila folders. 
Boeing creates new avionics and electronics unit 
"Boeing Wins  18Mln for UAE Apache Helicopter Logistics Support - Pentagon"  logistics  news
India may need 2,100 planes over 20 years, says Boeing.. 
[VIDEO] Amazon’s cargo jet fleet has grown to 25 Boeing 767 freighters:
 Aviation  Airline  Aircraft
BOEING 737-8AS,TAIL:  4CA5E8,ALT: 35000ft,SPD: 529mph,HEADING: 97 deg,LAT: 53.326845,LON: -2.710715, FlightAware
BOEING 737-8AS,TAIL:  4CA80C,ALT: 37000ft,SPD: 550mph,HEADING: 102 deg,LAT: 53.582464,LON: -2.650856, FlightAware
BOEING 787-8 DREAMLINER,TAIL:  406B12,ALT: 8275ft,SPD: 403mph,HEADING: 72 deg,LAT: 53.491407,LON: -2.953545, FlightAware
BOEING 737-8K5,TAIL:  406CAB,ALT: 35550ft,SPD: 478mph,HEADING: 177 deg,LAT: 53.302359,LON: -2.198962, FlightAware
USAF | 55WG | 38RS [KOFF] Rivent Joint Boeing RC-135W (62-4138,  AE01CD) OTT  EDDC
Virgin Atlantic  Boeing 787 Dream🌙liner powered by RR Trent 1000

ID: G-VDIA - named Lucy in the Sky [with Diamonds… 
A Boeing 757 of  Condor  in special livery at  dusairport 
 wirliebenfliegen  sunnyheart  dusairport  avgeek… 
Boeing T-X: The Future of Pilot Training | Derrick Channel 
. AirCanada new livery Boeing  787-9 Dreamliner arrival  yvrairport  Vancouver from TPE Taipei Taiwan  yvrspotters… 
Vetr Inc. Lowers  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) to Hold - Chaffey Breeze : 
Boeing Factory Where Trump Touted US Jobs Set for Layoffs 
Underside of  airfrance Boeing 777 as it departs from the  Ottawa  Airport  YOW. It diverted here due to weather in… 
Boeing says it expects passenger growth of about 8% in South Asia, dominated by India, over the next 20 yrs 
 SowetanLIVE She can kick start his Boeing
World Asset Management Inc Increases Stake in  Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) - StockNewsTimes : 
The Blueprint is one of those albums that got me a level deeper in loving rap. Bumped that shit in my headphones at  Boeing lol
 Seeker  Airbus is already developing fully-electric ✈️ and Boeing is still working on hybrids? I'm rooting for  Airbus!
Boeing projects demand for 2,100 new airplanes in India 
 f_obermaier Tax avoidance is not illegal, keep things in prospective. Just follow Google, Apple, Microsoft, Boeing… 
9V-SWQ Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-312(ER): Photo by Bill Mallinson taken 02 May, 2017 at… 
 flightradar24  ChinaairlinesEN  yvrairport Yesterday, a  Qantas 747. Today  ChinaairlinesEN 747.. How many  Boeing… 
. Boeing projects demand for 2,100 new airplanes in India  aviationnews  avgeek… 
Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle
 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years - via  Shareaholic


 Boeing expects India orders worth  290 billion over next 20 years 
World Asset Management Inc Increases Position in  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) - BNB Daily (blog) : 
 JaneidyEve  ThePhoenixFlare  hammackgeo  Costco One good thing about Boeing many don't realize they've got one hel… 
. Boeing delivers first 737 MAX 8 to  flydubai 
 aviation

Who saw this coming? Ethereum miners renting 747s to ship graphics cards, AMD shares soaring via  SamuelCavaleri
Boeing offers more buyouts at North Charleston campus, layoffs could follow - Charleston Post Courier 
 rpdandy  maddie142519  MotorCityLib Yeah they have get rid of Bernie, he takes money from Boeing, Northrop Grumman, & even Wall St. Sad.
I just got night shots of a atlas air Boeing 747-4 flying into Offutt  at night
MailOnline tours the incredible Boeing factory in Seattle - Planet X Approaches 
 Boeing Forecasts Demand For 2,100 New  Airplanes In  India- DineshKeskar 
 rosequartz0518  ColorGraphicsOC My father worked for Boeing & was transferred there. Our family lived there for 2… 
 Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - BNB Daily (blog) : 
Boeing moves into jet controls, setting up supplier showdown.

Boeing chooses Sheffield for its first UK based manufacturing facility  vibrantsheffield  vibranteconomy  Boeing  
Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle  WearableTech  IoT 
 jonostrower In all fairness, Boeing didn't state they'll do all avionics in-house. Other a/c OEMs always kept part of that biz.
[GIZMAG] Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle 
Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in ... - Business Insider
 RegionalConnectivityScheme To Open New Routes:  Boeing- DineshKeskar 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years

 realDonaldTrump Boeing firing 200 in SC
Rexnord firing 300 in Indiana
Carrier firing over 600 in Indiana
Ford buil… 
ValuEngine Lowers  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) to Hold - StockNewsTimes : 
 dominicgates  Boeing If only they had listened to Hart-Smith in 2001(?)...
Modernization program will give next-generation Chinooks more muscle
  tech  science  lifestyle
we snuck into the Boeing factory - General Helicopter Forum - Vertical Reference Helicopter Forums 
WSJ: Boeing helps blue-chip index soar to new highs 
Up like I don't have to see Boeing at 4AM🤦🏾‍♀️
JetBlue's Airbus and United's Boeing crossing paths at Boston Logan  plane_spot  iLove_Aviation 
 Ben_Royce  Bluepurplerain  deephurting  KamalaHarris Ok, have fun watching commercials for "Clean Exxon Energy". M… 
Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down 
BOEING 737-8AS,TAIL:  4CA705,ALT: 12250ft,SPD: 366mph,HEADING: 299 deg,LAT: 53.327869,LON: -2.841985, FlightAware
BOEING 747-41R,TAIL:  400678,ALT: 15450ft,SPD: 387mph,HEADING: 83 deg,LAT: 53.503046,LON: -3.178361, FlightAware
Maintenance of a Boeing 747 - Documentary - YouTube 
Did you know that  Boeing first began using Dassault Systèmes software to design their planes in 1986?… 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research - Chaffey Breeze : 
 ArmsControlWonk Euros sell tech, get money without sanction, Boeing sells planes, others tech, Iran got had major… 
[Richmond Highlands] Forretress (F)  until 10:47:22PM at  Boeing Creek Loop Trail 
Blue Angel 1 flight arriving at Boeing Field this morning 
Regional Connectivity Scheme  UDAN to spur demand for narrow-body airliners:  Boeing 

Watched a bunch of Boeing engine testing videos. Amazing.
Dr. Keskar a brilliant Boeing leader. Best of Boeing.  boeing  Boeing  BoeingAirplanes 
Amazon's cargo jet fleet has grown to 25 Boeing 767 freighters (Video)  seattle
Aboard United Airlines Flight 2704: Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 - Chicago Business Journal 
The end of the line for these former Qantas 747s at Victorville. Photo by Szabo Gabor 
Boeing Factory Tour-What You Need to Know > 
A new special livery for this Spicejet Boeing 737, promoting Telangana Tourism. Photo by Aneesh Bapaye 
|  Boeing |

Boeing bullish on Indian Govt's regional connectivity scheme


oneworld americanair Boeing 777-200ER Lining up for takeoff at Miami International airport… 
Boeing helps blue-chip index soar to new highs 
Boeing Creates New Avionics Unit 
Ethereum Miners Opt for Leasing Boeing 747s to Ship Critical Amount of GPUS 
Does the plane make the "Boeing!" sound the moment there's a touch down on the runway? Hence the name?
 nytimes I work for Boeing....I want less seats also
While Boeing touts profits, workforce shrinks 
“ Boeing- Boeing” celebrates National Soaring Competiton - Uvalde Leader-News : 
07-3604 Japan Air Self-Defence Force (JASDF) Boeing 767-200 
Boeing is another type
Wolf of wall street 
Photo tour: Behind the scenes at the Boeing factory | USA To Day News - Rss News Reader 
THE WALL STREET JOURNAL: Boeing helps blue-chip index soar to new highs 
 WSJ Defense spending. DC cartel. Establishment on both sides agree on feeding Boeing - all day.
 XRIM  MONEY WSJ

Boeing helps blue-chip index soar to new highs 
— Wall Street Journal (…
Home in time for Supper....  Boeing  KC135R 62-3559 on finals  usairforce  RAFMildenhall with a  Suffolk sunset....… 
I liked a  YouTube video NEW BIGGEST RC AIRPLANE IN THE WORLD BOEING 747-400 VIRGIN ATLANTIC AIRLINER
JA604A / All Nippon Airways - ANA / Boeing 767-381/ER. 
India will need 2100 planes in next 20 years: Boeing - Business Standard  News  India  Trending 
I added a video to a  YouTube playlist Boeing 787 Dreamliner, The most Advanced Jet Airliner - Documentary
Dear Market Participants -   Boeing. 

Here's one key reason Boeing's stock is soaring .... 
But the Boeing Air Traffic Survey of the International Monetary Fund battered seized  40 billion since February.
I liked a  YouTube video Boeing Lose Holidays - คนบาป (Sinner)【Official Lyrics Video】
PAL to get 2 Boeing 777s in December - 
Buckingham Upgrades Rating On  Boeing Company (The) (Boeing) To “Neutral” - Highlight Press : 
 AirSuffolk  usairforce  Boeing  RAFMildenhall  HQUSAFEPA  USAFCENT  117ARW  121ARW  434ARW  22ARW  319ARW Nice pics. r u there now?
As Boeing forms avionics unit, where will broadband connectivity fit? via  RunwayGirl… 
 Cryptocurrency miners are renting entire Boeing 747s just to stay in the game -  crypto  ThaDogeHouse  cryptoNews … 
BOEING 767-332,TAIL:  A14104,ALT: 37000ft,SPD: 578mph,HEADING: 94 deg,LAT: 53.22038,LON: -4.49777, FlightAware
United Airlines Boeing 737-700 (Scimitar Winglets) Takeoff Newark Liberty International Airport 
Boeing E6B   163918 Over South Carolina. 
DAWN PATROL....  usairforce 100thARW  Boeing  KC135R  Stratotanker's 60-8027 & 59-1492 prepare pre-flight… 
 darolh  jonostrower OK a) That's Boeing, with Boeing airplanes, and b) that is safe separation.
Boeing creates new in-house avionics unit, reversing years of outsourcing - The Seattle Times:  outsourcing  news …
Amid government's decision to divest stake,  airindiain puts on hold plans to lease  Boeing 787-9 planes

Cryptocurrency miners are renting Boeing 747s to ship graphics cards via  gc.  pretty nuts.
Boeing Expects Indian Airlines To Order Up To 2,100 Aircraft: Boeing Expects Indian… 
Good suggestion of IT park  BhagwantMann may be in Chandigarh or Panchkula or  Mohali!  Boeing is not IT company!
YOURE A SHIT COMPANY BOEING
Why Boeing, iRobot, and US Steel Jumped Today - Motley Fool  irobot
FUCK YOU BOEING YOU CAN GO SUCK A FUCKING DICK DO NOT MAKE ME BRING MY ASS DOWN THERE AND CUSS YOU ALL OUT
How Did Boeing Fly So Far Above Profit Expectations for Q2? | Fox Busine.. Related Articles: 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 planes over next 20 years  
What a great airplane!   Saying goodbye to the iconic Boeing 747 via  ChiBizJournal
"Rockwell Collins has remarkable positioning on Boeing aircraft having won a number of significant avionics contrac… 
 Boeing Company (The) - Receive News & Ratings Daily - The Cerbat Gem : 
Anyone wanna go splitsies on buying a Boeing with me? 
Quad Cities officials eye Boeing factory bid | Local News | 
 SeattleNews with seattletimes:

Reversing 787 outsourcing course (see link to 2013 BCE story), Boeing sets up new… 
New post: "Boeing Creates New Avionics and Electronics Unit" 
Flight ANZ136 heading back to the land of the long white cloud  777  boeing  anz136  bneairport  ybbn 
Iran says Boeing deal will cost  8 billion 
Reuters Top News: Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down 
I imagine someone at Boeing or something is furiously searching for a way to arm one or both sides of this conflict 
If it's not Boeing, I am not going !! some people say 🤐🤐 PH-BQO arriving to Quito - KLM - Boeing… 
In wake of  privatisation  AirIndia puts  on hold leasing of 787-9 planes, says  Boeing  Airline  AirTravel 
SpaceX and Boeing announces plans to push through in launching astronauts next year  space  
Positive Ichimoku Levels For BOEING CO. DL 5 (BCO.DE) Indicate Upward Momentum - Melville Review : 
Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down … 
 bomani_jones Seattle, not so big??? Huh? It's the fastest growing city in the U.S... Amazon, Boeing, Microsoft, Co… 
Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down Reuters
 Seattle  WA  USA - Order Selector- Grocery Boeing Field - As one of the largest grocery wholesalers ...  WORK  JOB
trump visited this boeing factory to celebrate jobs it just announced layoffs - Search - Candlelites 
Boeing Moves into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown  market  economy
 veggie64_leslie  ali_najafi65  Im_TheAntiTrump Yes. Terrorists by the names of Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon,… 
One way to stock  TheSwamp is countless companies, legit & Fraud, Boeing to Solyndra donate to POLITICIANS both Dem… 
As Boeing forms avionics unit, where will broadband connectivity fit?  aviation  avgeek… 
Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down  klout  maga
As Boeing forms avionics unit, where will broadband connectivity fit? 
REUTERS reports Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down 
How Much Do Boeing Airplanes Cost To Make? - 
Reuters: Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down 
 Boeing Company (The) (NYSE:Boeing) Shares Sold by Cribstone Capital Management LLC - The Cerbat Gem : 
Boeing expects India to order up to 2,100 aircraft over 20 years  boeing
REUTERS: Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down 
DIVERSION
 Westjet  WS3 to London returning to  Toronto. 
Maintenance issue; non-emergency.
C-FOGT Boeing 767-300 
Smart union vote guys!
Boeing offers more buyouts at North Charleston, layoffs could follow via  postandcourier
Reuters: Boeing takes aim at its avionics suppliers, sending stocks down … 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Position Cut by Beech Hill Advisors Inc. 
 Boeing always in news solidifying it's future 
Fear, Uncertainty, And Doubt - Managing Your FUD Factor  ABB  ADM  Boeing  BoeingESY  BG  BP  CB  DD  ENGIY  FLR  GE  GSK
 Boeing Pentagon may turn Russian airline's 747s into Air Force One 
 Apple posted this detailed plan july 08 just one of my wining  Apple  Boeing plans this month,stay tuned for an update  
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  Boeing
Boeing's new electronics unit may cost its suppliers  Boeing  Boeing
Redistribution?  WFC  WFN  Walmart  WYNN  baba  cake  shak  hlf  SNAP  sgyp  shop  TWTR  IeP  AGN  IBM  PeP  KO  BRK… 
How Ironic -  USAF buys unclaimed  Russian 747s for Air Force One replacement  Trump  Boeing
ClawBacks!  WFC  WFN  Walmart  WYNN  baba  cake  shak  hlf  SNAP  sgyp  shop  TWTR  TGTX  IeP  AGN  IBM  PeP  KO  BRK… 
 business You know  Boeing finished red today right?
 Boeing:

Trump May Get ‘Boneyard’ Boeing 747s For New Air Force One:


Sawtooth Solutions LLC Sells 890 Shares of Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Shares Sold by Beech Hill Advisors Inc. 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Shares Bought by Aperio Group LLC 
Aperio Group LLC Has  53.12 Million Stake in Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
Tarbox Family Office Inc. Has  196,000 Position in Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
 Boeing:

US near purchase of 747s once set for Russia to cut Air Force One …:


U.S. near purchase of 747s once set for Russia to cut Air Force One costs  Boeing
Curated  HedgeBz | Israel Airline, EL AL purchases 16 Boeing Dreamliners  Boeing 
 AFLT.MZ  Boeing  TAER.MZ:

Boeing Jets Once Destined for Russian Carrier to Be Next Air Force …:


Scan results - Bearish Engulfing today:  SMG  GGG  INGR  Boeing  GMLP  HOLI  PBH  LECO  GME  CPT ... 
Q3 2018 EPS Estimates for Boeing Company  The  Boeing Lowered by Analyst 
Action Ahead Of Earnings  Apple  LULU  Boeing  GM  YUM
FYI!  WFC  WFN  Walmart  WYNN  WATT  QCOM  QURE  regn  SNAP  sgyp  shop  TWTR  TGTX  IeP  AGN  IBM  PeP  KO  BRK  cost… 
 RampCapitalLLC  Boeing was down today.   ValueTip
 Boeing  Apple:

Dow 22000 in sight with new record highs, Intel leads, Apple beats …:


 business More likely to be E4B replacement. Retirement desired for some time, two were damaged last month.  Boeing
 V  Boeing:

Dow’s Trip Toward 22000 Brought to You by Boeing, Visa Earnings:


 Apple BEATS = Bull market  SPX  QQQ  Apple  FB  Boeing  JPM  C. Aug is likely to see  SPX 2550-2600.
Bull market  SPX  QQQ  Apple  FB  Boeing  JPM  C. As mentioned for weeks, Aug is likely to see  SPX 2550-2600. First step in that direction.
Boeing comes close to closing deal for Air Force One fleet  Boeing  Boeing
Boeing comes close to closing deal for Air Force One fleet  Boeing
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Position Reduced by Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. 
 Boeing:

Pentagon may buy idle Boeing jets after Trump’s call for Air Force …:


2,733 Shares in Boeing Company  The  Boeing Acquired by Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. 
Sigma Investment Counselors Inc. Sells 2,624 Shares of Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
 Lebeaucarnews Can you ask Boeing if the 747 can be built using the engines of a 777 or 787? Thanks Phil!  ba  avgeeks
YahooFinance: LIVE:  Boeing powers the Dow, could it be the reason the Dow is close to 22K? - 
LIVE:  Boeing powers the Dow, could it be the reason the Dow is close to 22K? - 
 Boeing... whoops lol
Top  moneyflow for  sp500 today
 ACN  BoeingC  APD  CMS  P&G  CMI  Boeing  KLAC  MCD  CSCO ...

One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring  Boeing  boeing  DJIA  cnbc
 Boeing:

ETF Watchlist: Week Of July 31, 2017:


 CAT Closed the position for a nice gain.  DE closed the put side of the iron condor locking in the gain.  Boeing added to the bearish position.
 Boeing Trump May Get &apos;Boneyard&apos; Boeing 747s For New Air Force One 
 RedDogT3 I was looking to shot  Boeing today but didn't pull the trigger
Missed the run up in  Boeing last week but yesterday I noticed it had become over-extended on the daily chart. This morn…
15-30yr core  Boeing getting historic -> One Dow stock just posted its best month in 35 years — and could keep soaring 
 Boeing send it out on the lows  chessNwine
 AdamBuschbacher thanks for follow!  HappyTuesday Vista Partners  InvestingForLife  Apple… 
Taking down some (40%) of the bearish call spreads on  Boeing from the last two days
looks like the market agrees with my sarcasm
 Boeing down 1.3% at this moment
 Boeing Rev Strat day down 
 Boeing out another at 1.94 will let the last ride. Looking for 237.50
 Allergan!  WFC  WFN  Walmart  WYNN  WATT  QCOM  QURE  regn  SNAP  sgyp  shop  TWTR  TGTX  IeP  AGN  IBM  PeP  KO  BRK… 
Not all trades work. But this one was good from the morning  ba was up .75 now down  2.33. I'd cover half here 
 Boeing could fill a gap here to 220 in next couple weeks

 AMZN  Apple  LL  CRBP  TRUMP  FB
The highest weighted stock in the Dow is Boeing. It comes in at 7.5%.

Boeing  Boeing is up 15% over the last 5 days.
 Boeing hits all time highs from creating 
the least comfortable seats in aviation history.  🤔

 Boeing
Boeing's unloading a pair of 747s that a Russian airline defaulted on. The new  AirForceOne deal.  Boeing 
 Boeing out 1/2 at 1.55 from 1.13
Boeing Expects India To Order 2,100 Aircraft Over 20 Years  Boeing
Boeing Expects India To Order 2,100 Aircraft Over 20 Years  Boeing  Boeing
Looks like  AlaskaAir is leaning towards going back to an all  Boeing mainline fleet.  ALK  Boeing  airlines  investing
Dear Mr. Trump - Manufacturing Is Looking Fantastic  Boeing  CAT  GD  GE  HON  LMT  MMM  SPY  UDN  UNP  UPS  UTX  UUP
Nice to come back from vacation and see most of my stocks at all-time highs. The trend is your friend :)  SPY  QQQ  Boeing  JPM
 PIXY  Boeing  CGNX  IBB  Apple:

Indices Don’t Have Much in Common:


SAlphaTrending: Lean Long-Term Growth Portfolio - July 2017 Update  ADBE  ALK  AMZN  ANET  Boeing  BG  CALM  CF  CNI  …
 CHART  CANDLESTICK  MONEY  FB  TWTR  AMZN  SPY  QQQ  NVDA  AMD  EDUCATION  WEARENOTRETAIL  ZYNE  CBMX  Apple  DWT… 
Lean Long-Term Growth Portfolio - July 2017 Update  ADBE  ALK  AMZN  ANET  Boeing  BG  CALM  CF  CNI  COST  CVGW  CXO
 SPY looking a little top heavy.  AMZN  TSLA  Boeing ready for a rest. 
 UNH slow riser to 200 bucks. The moment it breaks above 200, this baby will fly. Almost similar movement upwards like  Boeing, is anticipated.
 Boeing  AMZN:

Boeing Roundup: Q2 earnings top estimates… Amazon’s grows …:


Unusual put buying:  FLR 22x average volume,  DISCA 16x,  UAA 8x,  MO 5x,  CF 5x,  Boeing 4x,  ADP 4x,  HON 4x
General Electric: Immelt's Surprise Farewell Gift To Investors  Boeing  HON  MMM  SPY  UTX  GE
so  Boeing boeing, who's sales are down year over year, their stock is up 73.38%, in the past nine months, sounds normal, november to today, 73%
 Apple &  YUM pre-earnings straddles, Plus:  GM,  LULU,  Boeing  AngieMiles  Bubba_Trading 
 paulraymondz  jessefelder  TheBubbleBubble  LanceRoberts  DiMartinoBooth  MarkYusko Now go buy some more  Boeing!
 Boeing:

Boeing Avionics:


 Boeing:

Does Rockwell Collins Have Anything To Fear From Boeing’s New …:


Nothing like watching  Boeing drop a solid  5-6 from yesterday. Starting to consider buying back some of the bearish call spreads
Blue Chips Set The Pace; Several IBD 50 Stocks Near Entries:  Boeing  VZ  CVX  CAT  CGNX  SINA… 
 nobullshytrader  SPY  DIA  QQQ  PCLN  Boeing  NVDA  FB  V  AXP  JPM  BoeingC  VXX  VIX  UVXY 

Ive been shortin everything… 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Upgraded to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. 
U.S. Active (Stock Wars):  Apple -0.11%,  Boeing -0.26%,  AMZN +1.18%,  DISCA +0.0%,  BTCUSD -3.375%  StockWars
 AVAV  Boeing:

Zacks Industry Outlook Highlights: AeroVironment, The Boeing …:


My short of  ba at 246 starting to work 
 Boeing Earnings really do matter to the Dow: Charles Schwab's Je... 
Dow  Stocks Trend  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Merck  DD  Boeing  CSCO  Apple  IBM  MCD  JPM  DIS  UNH  V  HD  TRV  MMM  AXP  GS    
 KidDynamiteBlog Now that you're back, it's time you agree with me the S&P 500 is flawed because, unlike the Dow,… 
 Boeing just went negative. Key metric for the Dow.  Boeing has been the cause of 23% of the entire Dow move this year.
"Boeing has travel & leisure as well as aerospace - if airlines are doing well & the government is spending defense money,  Boeing is a profit"
 Boeing  SHOP  LL  WB:

We Aren’t Seeing Much Gap-and-Run, and That’s a Problem:


 Boeing short kicking in. Preferred vehicle is nearest month highest volume in the money puts 
Adding to  Boeing short as it goes negative  Extended  Parabolic
Credit Suisse Group Reiterates Sell Rating for Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
Jefferies Group Comments on Boeing Company  The’s Q3 2017 Earnings  Boeing 
As Boeing puts the DJIA on its shoulders, IBM has become an automatic out.  Boeing  IBM  … 
 Boeing Jesus.Yes with the cash rolling in expect the dividend to be increased.Did u see the free cash flow in ER they printing    for the feds.
 jmllubber As for  Boeing, it's a lot.  saw the stat earlier, but can't find it.  can't say about financials
Pair Trade: US vs EU  Airlines
Buy  Boeing, Sell  EADSY tgt -67 then Par
Why? Forex, EM sales, lwr cost,CF, dividend pa… 
In  Airlines,  Boeing, + The Rest 
 Boeing  LMT  EADSY  GD  RTN  NOC  BoeingESY  DUAVF  FINMY… 
 Boeing Shores Up It's Retirement Plan With Stock!  CAT  AA  DAL  UAL  KO  PLUG  pfe  COST  Walmart  Ge  GM  f  IBM  PeP… 
REPORT: Boeing's 787 orders outpace Airbus A380:  Boeing  EADSY
Amazing  amberkanwar  JonErlichman how since mid  June ex-Boeing  Boeing  dowjones has been falling  BNN  Stocks 
A Great Total Return Company But Quality Does Not Come Cheap  MSFT,  AMT,  Boeing,  DLR,  HD,  HOG,  JNJ
Voicemails At Valeant As I Sought Wells Fargo Dropping Coverage Confirmation!  VRX  AGN  MYL  JNJ  GILD  IBM  WFC… 
Boeing Co: Heavy volume for Boeing Company (The) stock.  Boeing 
 Boeing You don't need your morning shot of starbucks u get the morning shot of Boeing.  stockmarket  trade  investing
Boeing Top news - Aug 1st, 2017  Boeing 
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Upgraded to “Neutral” by Buckingham Research 
Short  Boeing for a trade
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Rating Reiterated by Canaccord Genuity 
Boeing is the highest weighted stock in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. It's up 15% since last week 
 Boeing  DJIA
 Pepsi CEO Profits > 25MM After Lying, Omitting & Selling Out Despite Co. Code Of Conduct  pep  agn  ibm  brk  iep… 
A Great Total Return Company But Quality Does Not Come Cheap  AMT  Boeing  DLR  HD  HOG  JNJ  MO  OHI  TXN  MSFT
bespokeinvest: As Boeing puts the DJIA on its shoulders, IBM has become an automatic out.  Boeing  IBM … 
As Boeing puts the DJIA on its shoulders, IBM has become an automatic out.  Boeing  IBM 
Will Boeing Hit  280 By Year End?   Boeing 
 Delta's Answer to  Boeing about  CSeries  Bombardier  Boeing  BBD.B.CA  BDRBF  tvanouvelles  jetcitystar  CAE 
 Boeing monthly
July's move is definitely sustainable ;) 
 BIDU  Boeing duznt get anymoar parabolic than this, if u've never tried shortin sumthin b4 theeze 2 wood b a great way 2 pop thu cherry
 Boeing:

Boeing’s Gamble on 787 Pays Off as Orders Outpace Airbus A380:


 AAL  Boeing:

Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: American Airlines, Boeing …:


EOP Option Trade of the Day 

 

 BoeingC  GS  WFC  Apple  Boeing  BIDU
 Boeing  DIA how can shorts calling tops when wkly still in uptrend ??  SPY .  COMPQ  QQQ SOXX all in an uptrend! more daily dips, more buys
 investing  daytrading 
TUESDAY TOP ANALYST UP&GRADES & DOWNGRADES  
 AAL  Boeing  COG  P  SO  VRTX… 
 Boeing powerful 7 green days after ER beat,  8 today to powerup  DIA to another ATH. Surprising shorts calling tops !! Use wkly for reversal
MUST READ: A 10x undervalued stock on the rise:  Boeing  MNKD  REGN  CBIS  ENB  OREX  OCAT  MDVN  GLCNF  ETSY
 SPY  DIA  QQQ once DOW hits 22K 2day short everything at will  PCLN  Boeing  NVDA  FB  V  AXP  JPM  BoeingC dont 4get 2 sell volume  VXX  VIX  UVXY
Breaking: Boeing  Boeing is creating a new unit to develop and build aircraft avionics systems. Discover more  Investing
Boeing Company  The  Boeing Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Argus 
Good Morning traders! Wishing everyone good luck today. Watching  Boeing  SIRI  GILD  AMZN  Apple today. Let's do this! 
Commented on Making Tomorrow A Success  Boeing
 Boeing In-Sourcing versus Outsourcing - That is the Question  RichardSafran: 
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor  LMT  NOC  EADSF  Boeing
Boeing Company (The)'s buy rating reiterated at Argus.  Boeing  Boeing
Commented on Dreamliner Performance Satisfies  EADSF  EADSY  Boeing
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor  Boeing
Boeing: Great Opportunity For A Patient Investor  Boeing  Boeing
 Boeing technical alerts: Calm After Storm, Upper Bollinger Band Walk, New 52 Week Closing High, Lizard... 
 Boeing:

Sky-High Boeing Co (Boeing) Stock Is Bleeding Fuel:


Sky-High  Boeing Is About to Run Out of Fuel  Boeing 
 Boeing Today's Research Reports on Stocks to Watch: The Boeing Company and Tesla 
July's best & worst performing Dow components  Boeing  VZ  IBM  GE 
[Premium] Open Letter About The Current Market Environment 

 SPY  DJIA  QQQ  CAT  NKE  AMZN  Boeing  JNJ  FB  BRKB  KRE 
 Google  AMZN  QQQ  IWM  Boeing:

Rev’s Forum: August Starting Off Strong; Low Volatility Likely to Be …:


 Boeing Pot. cont. Uptrend LONGERTERM Wly-Dly-Hly combo chart  trading  stocks 
Athena Capital Advisors LLC Invests  236,000 in Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
 Boeing 8 Dividend Champions for Tough Times 
Here Are Over 600 Stocks With 15%+ Returns On Invested Capital 
 AVGO  AVY  AYI  AZN  AZO… 
Weekly S&P100  Stocks Performance  DOW  DD  FDX  Boeing  MSFT  CAT  TXN  FOXA  FB  IBM  JPM  GD  PCLN  USB  more  
Weekly Dow  Stocks Trend  DD  MSFT  CAT  Intel  Merck  Boeing  CSCO  Apple  IBM  JPM  MCD  UNH  DIS  V  HD  TRV  AXP    
 AleksDudic01  Boeing and  BIDU this week say otherwise
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up  Boeing
Virgin Orbit Readies For Boeing 747 'Cosmic Girl' Flight Test Build-Up  Boeing  Boeing
Today is going to be an amazing day. Trade smart, take profit, and don't get greedy  Apple  P  Boeing  BoeingBoeing  BIDU
These Non-Tech Companies Are Investing In An AI Future  ACN  AMZN  Boeing via  benzinga
 Dow  stocks  Boeing Boeing Co Daily:-0.84% Weekly:5.12% YTD:7.72% Trend:93 / 100  
Dear Market Participants -   Boeing. 

Here's one key reason Boeing's stock is soaring .... 
Unfortunately, most of aero & def took a hit today- but not  HII!  Boeing  LMT  AVAV and  ERJ held strong as well!
All time highs hit:
 Boeing  CBOE  CC  CHTR  EL  IRBT  MSG  TREE  YUM
 Boeing Morning News Call - India, August 1 
Boeing Moves into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown  Boeing
Boeing takes aim at its  avionics suppliers, sending stocks down  Boeing  DIA  investing… 
Boeing Moves into Jet Controls, Setting Up Supplier Showdown  Boeing  Boeing
Tuesday's Watch Pt1:  AMD  AMZN  Apple  AAOI  CYTR  BoeingBoeing  DVAX  JNUG  FB  Google  ACRX  Boeing  BIDU  CMG  COST  FEYE ☺️😘 
 Boeing Lil' Kim be long
Here Are Your Two Best  NorthKoreanCrisis Plays  NorthKorea  Defense  DefenseInvesting… 
 PatrickWalker56 no pullbacks to add to  ba so have to dump cash in  t and  ms instead LOL  ba has been too good since i bot it
 IceBlueSun  Boeing, big Dow stock. Helped "paint the tape" of the Dow 30
West Coast Financial LLC Acquires 270 Shares of Boeing Company  The  Boeing 
Note to myself put sell orders in even if their paper trades....Forgot to put sell order in for  Boeing this morning...missed out on 10 bagger.
Hey how's  Boeing doing? Do you think it is a good stock to buy? -what no one was saying back in 2008/09  Boeing… 
IBD Relative Strength at New Highs  KRO  TAL  Boeing  VEDL  AMP

Read: 
Boeing Company  The’s  Boeing “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity 
 Boeing will Boeing hit  280 this year?  
When is the Blow off rally coming?  Boeing 
Wells Fargo Still Displays in Analyst Coverage Listing on Company Website!
 VRX  AGN  MYL  Merck  TWTR  IBM  KO  PeP… 
 DELTA's ANSWER TO  BOEING!  😂😂😜  avgeek  Boeing  BDRBF  airlinegossip  LeehamNews 
Here Are Over 600 Stocks With 15%+ Returns On Invested Capital 
 AVGO  AVY  AYI  AZN  AZO  Boeing
The Dow rose 541.49 points last month. Boeing's July gain equaled 306.17 points.  Boeing  DJIA
How Did Boeing Fly So Far Above Profit Expectations for Q2?  Boeing
Investors Sell Boeing Company  The  Boeing on Strength  Boeing 
 PatrickWalker56  Boeing still did well. tech dragging me down today.  ms leading  gs a bit.  jpm also did ok.
How Did Boeing Fly So Far Above Profit Expectations for Q2?  Boeing  Boeing
