Morgan takes no satisfaction as England's brave chase falls short 
Can you recommend anyone for this  job? Retail Mortgage Banker -NORTHBROOK, Houston TX -  Banking  Houston, TX
Can you recommend anyone for this  job in  Houston, TX?  IT  Hiring  CareerArc
J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4%  Tips2Trade  T2T
Want to work in  Kingwood, TX? View our latest opening:  Job  Banking  Jobs  Hiring  CareerArc
CCB Oversight Control - Control Officer Manager - Vice President: JP Morgan Chase:…  finance  jobs  toronto
We're  hiring! Read about our latest  job opening here: Retail Mortgage Banker - North Houston, TX -  Houston, TX
Citigroup slipped 1.3%,  GoldmanSachs lost 1.2%, JP Morgan Chase fell 0.8%, and Bank of America slipped 0.4%, Wells Fargo climbed 0.6%
 JPMorganChase J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4%. Read more:  JPM
 skennison  HuffPostPol Washington Mutual was the leader of that MASSIVE FORECLOSURE.  THAT'S WHY CHASE MORGAN TOOK… 
J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4%  finance  marketnews
PSA: change your damn address when you move. I shouldn't have to fucking chase you down to give you your mail.
If you're looking for work in  TheWoodlands, TX, check out this  job:  Banking  Hiring  CareerArc
JP. Morgan Chase has agreed to settle a case with the US DOJ for  55 million over discriminatory lending practices… 
Want to work at JP Morgan Chase? We're  hiring in  Houston, TX! Click for details:  Job  Banking  Jobs  CareerArc
 JPM:

JP Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon’s pay by nearly 4%:


J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4%
J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4% 
 MARKETWATCH J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4% 
J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4%  Stocks
When I saw Chase, what came to mind was JP Morgan lol 
U.S. Supreme Court Allows Antitrust Lawsuits To Move Against JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, & BOA  via  Volubrjotr
CCB Oversight Control - Control Officer Manager - Vice President: JP Morgan Chase (Toronto):…  finance  jobs  job
England did not have the skill in India chase, says Morgan.  INDvsENG
Interested in a  job in  Houston, TX? This could be a great fit:  Banking  Hiring  CareerArc
England captain Eoin Morgan admitted his side were once again outplayed by India, despite a close run chase:… 
JP Morgan Chase will pay  55 million to settle claims of discrimination, The Washington Post reports.… 
JP Morgan Chase settles a federal lawsuit claiming mortgage discrimination against African-Americans and Hispanics.… 
15:48 ET Volume Leader  34 - JPM 12,203,961 JP Morgan Chase & Co  JPM 83.28 -0.66 -0.79% High today of 84.67 d 
We're  hiring! Click to apply: Personal Banker - Washington and Studemont - Houston, TX -  Banking  Houston, TX
BBC News - JP Morgan Chase pays  55m over racial discrimination 
BRIEF-JP Morgan Chase credit card delinquency, charge-off rate for December 
The Medtronic PLC (MDT) Downgraded by JP Morgan Chase & Co - They currently have  79.00 target price on the med... 
 Louise_Ferne Just seen England score. So close in run chase! Glad Morgan got 100. Must have been exciting!
 USATODAY of course they did JP Morgan Chase is a criminal organization
J.P. Morgan Chase stock price target raised to  85 from  72 at Citigroup 
JP Morgan Chase becomes latest to settle lawsuit regarding mortgage abuses against Black and Latino customers. 
 JPMorganChase J.P. Morgan Hit With 2 Government Lawsuits for Sex and Race Discrimination. Read more:  JPM
JP Morgan Chase to Pay  55 Million in Federal Lawsuit 
 INDvENG Treat to watch leather hammering when Dhoni and Yuvi bat. Morgan was not far behind exceptional inning under pressure in chase.
JP Morgan Chase pays  55m over racial discrimination - BBC News 
This  job might be a great fit for you: Retail Mortgage Banker - BEAR CREEK, TX -  Banking  Houston, TX  Hiring
We're  hiring! Click to apply: Teller - Part time - Treaschwig - Spring, TX (Bilingual in Spanish Preferred) - 
Can you recommend anyone for this  job? Application Developer -  IT  Houston, TX  Hiring  CareerArc
JP Morgan Chase settles lawsuit after being accused of charging almost 53,000 people of color more for home loans… 
Don't Chase the Score, Chase the Success.

 ThursdayThought  HRBestPractices  GrowthMindset  hope  confidence  ThinkBig "Town Hall"  morgan
VIDEO REPORT: Centuries from Yuvraj, Dhoni set up 15-run win as Morgan ton goes in vain in 382-run chase:  INDvENG 
J.P. Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement via  AddThis
Nevada was the most Western state approved for the JP Morgan Chase grant. They appreciated the "great vision NV had towards education goals"
Woakes gt Eng off 2 flying start,100 fr Yuvi &MSD helped Ind put 381.Roy,Root &Morgan set up chase bt Bhuvi 's bowling at death help Ind Win
Morgan miss the chase unwanted runout
JP Morgan Chase  2mil New Skills for Youth Grant will help support  newnevada. Info here: 
U.S. fines  JPMorganChase  55 MILLION for charging 53,000+ minorities MILLION  in higher rates and fees from 2006-09 
Must say  Morgan kept hopes of Eng alive throughout the match even with 382 to chase..amazing knock  Eoin16 !
J.P. Morgan hit with two government lawsuits for sex and race discrimination 
BBC News - JP Morgan Chase pays stakeholders 
Total setup by 2 Great finishers of  TeamIndia  msdhoni &  YUVSTRONG12 was just enough for Win. Impressive chase by Morgan & team.  INDvENG
Hats off to Morgan, great knock. I was critical of him. What I'd expect from him. Good chase albeit not good enough  INDvENG
India wins,superb play by Morgan chase as KP did, also Yuvi-Dhoni,we need a better captain for India for 2019 WC,nt hot heads.  piersmorgan
We're  hiring! Click to apply: Java Applications Developer -  Job  IT  Houston, TX  Jobs  CareerArc
It would have been a great chase if England could cross the line. Captain Eoin Morgan's fantastic knock goes... 
What a chase it's been from Morgan and England!! They won the heart♥. That unlucky run-out was decisive in Team India's win.  INDvENG
 Eoin16 super chase ..well done morgan...
Morgan: We believe that we can chase a talent like that, we've done that in the past but today we weren't good enough.  IndvEng
Brilliant batting by Eoin Morgan, Showed if you have temperament and good shot selection, you can chase down any target.  INDvENG
Well played England.
Wonderful chase.
Good game of Cricket. Great display from Morgan.
The best team won.
Yuvi-Mahi was sublime 💓💓
 INDvENG
Well played  England  morgan showed a grt fi8 in chase. In the end it was india came up with series 2-0. Top class batting frm bth side
Brilliant effort from England, huge chase for them.Didn't expect them to get that close. won the seriesYES!! IndvEng cric  yuvi Dhoni Morgan
Take  a bow Morgan, to chase such a huge target and that too with such brilliant innings  Respect
Exciting ODI . A run feast. Eng so close to pulling off a brilliant chase. 
Morgan got a 100.  Yuvraj & Dhoni both smashed 100's
 IndVsEng
A score of 381 isn't safe now.England were in the game till Morgan was there.A great chase by England.India manage to pull it off.
 jamiecweir Well said. Great knock. Great chase. So close. Great to see Morgan back in the runs.
Good knocks from Roy, Root and Ali but special mention for Morgan. His 102 very nearly saw England complete a fantastic run chase.  INDvENG
Good job team India;good chase by Eng.M sure everyone had their foot in their mouth 😛till Morgan got out  INDvENG
U.S. Supreme Court Allows Antitrust Lawsuits To Move Against JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, & Bank (cont) 
A thrilling England run chase inspired by Captain Morgan but just falling short of that formidable total. Series wi… 
 India win a thrilling ODI by 15 runs. Decent chase by Eng but will rue  Morgan's decision to chase, dropping Rashid. Poor batting Vs spin!
INDIA WIN BY 15 RUNS! Valiant chase from England, superb knock from Morgan, but that's the series.  INDvENG 
Even a Captain's knock by  morgan & a determined run chase by  England couldn't save the match. Congratulations  IndiasNewBlues !
Decent effort at the chase by England, India's innings just got away too much at the end. Batted though Morgan  EngVsInd
Today's  INDvENG match was filled with power hitting by  YuvrajSingh  MSDhoni and  morgan giving  excitement, great chase and India's win. 👍
 oinwards  TheCricketGeek  tickerscricket If Buttler came in instead of Morgan England would've pissed this chase.
Eoin Morgan is run-out!! End of the story for England in this chase? England still need 22 off 6 balls.StarCricket./live-cricket-s…  INDvENG
Gutsy Fantastic Century for Morgan !!
Captains knock in a crucial run chase !! 
Wonderfull Stuff!!
 IndvsEng
Eoin Morgan is run-out!! End of the story for England in this chase? England still need 22 off 6 balls.
 INDvENG  IndvsEng
Excellent chase by english batsmen..and well deserved ton to morgan.. so 6 balls 22 runs to win🙄😥  INDvENG  can they do it???
fanstastic Morgan Innings Tough Chase Eng team has given today life of game cuttack audiences through last over efforts ...  INDvENG
Eoin Morgan is run-out!! End of the story for England in this chase? England still need 22 off 6 balls.  INDvENG
Eoin Morgan is run-out!! End of the story for England in this chase?
Retweeted Mumbai Indians ( mipaltan):

Century! Morgan is the key to this run chase. 29 needed off 11 balls.
ENG: 353/7
 INDvENG
Tough Luck England! 
What a Try to chase down Mamoth total of 381!! 
What an Effort  Eoin_Morgan 👏🏽👏🏽
What a Match of ODI Cricket 😱😱
Whatte chase !!
Last match brilliancy of Indian captain and today  Eng captain turn
well played  Morgan. 
Now  Ind… 
Virat Kohli scored a hundred in a successful chase in Pune

Will Morgan do the same in Cuttack?… 
Well done... very well done  Bumrah!! The danger man  Morgan departs... can  ENG still be able to chase down ?  IndvEng
Morgan out, but what a run chase  EngVsInd
100 up for Captain Morgan, but he goes a ball later when England required 28 from 10.

The chase could be over… 
Century! Morgan is the key to this run chase. 29 needed off 11 balls.
ENG: 353/7
 INDvENG
 morgan run out by bowler bumrah backing too far down - perhaps the final blow to eng chase
JP Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement
 mortgagereports
Fantastic Century by Morgan, Hope ENG completes record chase
If Morgan does pull this off, it will surely be my no 1 in run chase list - truly amazing effort  INDvENG
101* for  Morgan as he's leading the team towards a historic chase  INDvENG
Cpt Morgan's rum chase.
Good run chase from Morgan esp.  This might be possible  EngVsInd
Regardless of how result pans out, Morgan's probably played the innings of the match. Under pressure of mammoth chase, wickets falling...
England chasing India's mammoth total of 382, a great run-chase. Eoin Morgan playing a captain's knock!!
Chase is on! Morgan 🔥🔥  IndvEng
We're  hiring! Read about our latest  job opening here: Asset Management - Private Bank - Banker - Vice... - 
Kohli should grab the bat from Morgan, chase this down and show them how it's done.
JP Morgan Chase Awards  20 Million to 10 States to Build Career and Tech Education Systems 
A 40-ball fifty for Moeen Ali! Can Morgan and Moeen still pull off the chase of 382? 

 INDvENG
United States Department of Labor OFCCP sues JP Morgan Chase for discrimination
Superb chase from England so far. If Morgan's there at the end, I reckon they win.  INDvENG
IND v ENG, 2nd ODI: ENG 297/5(43 ov)
IND: 381/6
E Morgan: 70 (66)
Moeen*: 54 (41)
Eng need 85 runs in 42 balls.
Chase Are On
Brilliant from Moeen and Morgan. Making a real good fist of this chase  IndvEng
Come on Ali and Morgan! What a chase this would be...
JP Morgan Chase gives  25 million to 10 states to build career and technical education systems.  EdColo 
LIVE  INDvENG, 2nd ODI Cuttack: Morgan's fifty keeps England's hope alive in the big chase against India 

Come on  England  Morgan!! Lets chase it down!! 116 required from 66 deliveries!!  INDvENG
 England can actually chase this score.  Morgan is the man to watch  EngVsInd
Looks like Morgan is confident that he can chase 11 RPO easily  IndvsEng
Morgan already has a freak run chase to his name this month in  BigBash Hume baksh do!! 🙏  IndvEng
England need more than 10 per over, can Eoin Morgan save them?

 INDvENG 

Follow live >>>>


Well played 50* by Morgan. With the amount of runs still to chase, can easily make it to 100 and WIN it  INDvENG
J.P. Morgan hit with 2 government lawsuits for sex and race discrimination 
J.P. Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement 
 Morgan_Chase  J_Quellen water bears are the new teacup pig 🐷🐷
Go for it.. Chase it down. ✊
 Morgan. 
  INDvENG
 dmorgan196550 I'm distantly related to JP Morgan (Chase) ha ha....doesn't help any, though! 😉
JP Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial discrimination charges 
J.P. Morgan hit with 2 government lawsuits for sex and race discrimination 
— Fortune (Fo…
Hope remains whilst Captain Morgan's still at the crease as England chase, find a pub showing the 2nd ODI now -  
With suits against Oracle and J.P. Morgan Chase, the government is making an 11th-hour push for fair pay. 
England need 189 to win from the last 20 Overs with Buttler and Morgan at the crease, Can they chase the massive 382..?  EngVsInd
morgan going to chase this down and give twitter the middle finger
 J_Quellen  dinosaur_kayla there are so many tweets on my timehop about water bears 😂😂 
This  job might be a great fit for you: Private Client Banker - Alden Bridge - The Woodlands, TX -  Banking
This chase depends on Buttler & Eoin Morgan.
Eoin Morgan giving his usual captain's performance I see. 12 off 22 in a 380-run chase. Why do England persist with him?  INDvENG
The good news for Morgan is he has a perfect chance to show he is still well up to speed on the demands of a modern ODI chase...
Morgan 7 off 14 when you need to chase the highest ever score in India, seen some selfish people in my time but this guy seriously wins it
Roy, Buttler, Stokes... If any team can chase 381 it's England. Morgan, Willey and Woakes there for support.  INDvENG
Mest and 🌘. J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. is selling them, you stupid dumbshit! BUY THEM NOW!
 DaveCullenCF  Sargon_of_Akkad also:

J.P. Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement 
On Wednesday, the U.S. attorney for the Southern Distri…
JP Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial discrimination charges via  HITCnews
J.P. Morgan hit with two government lawsuits for sex and race discrimination  in  socialmedia  news TIME
 cricketaakash  sir if today eng chase 382  too ajj unhe MBoeing pass karni hogi (Morgan buttlar & Ali)
 JPMorganChase JP Morgan AM launches Europe high yield short duration bond fund. Read more:  JPM
J.P. Morgan Hit With 2 Government Lawsuits for Sex and Race Discrimination 
JP Morgan Chase’s settles a discrimination lawsuit for  55 million.  tvonetv  NewsOneNow
JP Morgan Chase’s settles a discrimination lawsuit for  55 million.  tvonetv   NewsOneNow
Only Hopes from Root Morgan Butler Stokes to chase this target.  INDvENG
J.P. Morgan Hit With 2 Government Lawsuits for Sex and Race Discrimination via  josephjett 
 ChrisChristie Walter Noelle, a paranoid man with stories and actual and then more stories as Chase CEO with JP Morgan merger items.
JP Morgan Chase has agreed to pay  55m (£44.6m) to settle claims against it that it racially discriminated against 53,000 mortgage borrowers
Can Eoin Morgan's side chase down 382 to win the second ODI against India? Follow England's run chase live:… 
JP Morgan Chase will settle for  55 Million that the bank discriminated against minorities seeking home mortgages during housing crisis
JP Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial discrimination charges -  Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial...
 winger_om difficult but not impossible players like Butler,Roy,Morgan r vry destructive..they can make this run chase possible  imbeenod
 sjredmond did you know Clinton took  1,172,825 from JP Morgan & Chase? Or 1,049,821from Goldman Sachs? Or 963,438 from time warner?
FAST FACTS: JP Morgan Chase's  55M mortgage settlement: JP Morgan Chase on Wednesday agreed to settle charges it…… 
 JPM Macomb Innovation Fund awards  225,000 to five Detroit-area technology startups... - 
Lift going up. JP Morgan riding high on the benefits of Concreate floors  officedesign  concrete  thisisconcrete… 
Insider Selling: J P Morgan Chase & Co  JPM COO Sells 42,083 Shares of Stock 
US accuses JP Morgan Chase of mortgage discrimination
JasalleJash
 news  8newsplus

Scotus Allows Antitrust Lawsuits To Move Against JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, & Bank Of America via  Volubrjotr
Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for J P Morgan Chase & Co  JPM 
Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by J P Morgan Chase & Co 
JP Morgan Chase charged black and Latino customers more for their mortgages than similarly situated white customers 
JP Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial discrimination charges  jpmorgan  usnews 
"JP Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement - The Atlantic" 
J P Morgan Chase & Co  JPM Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. 
Eoin Morgan backing England to chase 350 now?  INDvENG
Morgan wins toss and decides Kohli will not score another hundred in a chase.
India to bat as Bhuvi comes in place… 
Morgan wins toss and decides Kohli will not score another hundred in a chase.
India to bat as Bhuvi comes in... 
Morgan wins toss and decides Kohli will not score another hundred in a chase..India to bat as Bhuvi comes in place of Umesh  INDvENG
Eoin Morgan wins the toss & decides to not let Virat Kohli chase in Cuttack.

 INDvENG
The decision was impending. No way Morgan would have allowed India to chase again! 😂 INDvENG
Eoin Morgan has won the toss here in Cuttack and England will chase in this second ODI which should, in theory, give them a decent advantage
England win the toss and bowl...Morgan unsurprisingly opts to chase. Game on in Cuttack.
U.S. Supreme Court Allows Antitrust Lawsuits To Move Against JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, & Bank ... via  DinarDaily
Canadian Pacific Railway Limited  CP PT Raised to C 233.00 at J P Morgan Chase & Co 
Canadian National Railway Company (CNR) PT Raised to C 92.00 at J P Morgan Chase & Co… 
JP Morgan Chase pays  55m over racial  discrimination  
U.S. Supreme Court Allows Antitrust Lawsuits To Move Against JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup, & Bank Of…  wearethepeople
Morgan Chase has agreed to settle race discrimination case. They charge higher interest rates two Mexicans and... 
TriMas Corporation  TRS Stock Rating Lowered by J P Morgan Chase & Co 
Wholesale Partnership / ISO Account Executive: JP Morgan Chase (Toronto ON): "We are looking for Relationship… 
BP plc (BP) Given a GBX 560 Price Target at J P Morgan Chase & Co 
J P Morgan Chase  & Co COO Matthew Zames Sells  3,541,705.28 in  JPM 
 JPMorganChase India: JP Morgan's property fund seeks to exit Trident, Oberoi hotels in Hyde... Read more:  JPM
J.P. Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement  culture 
Allegis Investment Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co  JPM 
Never mind a discrimination lawsuit amounting to  55m for discriminating against Black's & Hispanics, why is JP Mor… 
J.P. Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement  science 
J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) CEO Douglas B. Petno Sells 6,728 Shares 
Insider Selling: J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Insider Sells 12,986 Shares of Stock 
Insider Selling: J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Director Sells 40,433 Shares of Stock 
J P Morgan Chase & Co  JPM CEO Douglas B. Petno Sells 6,728 Shares 
Insider Selling: J P Morgan Chase & Co  JPM Insider Sells 12,986 Shares of Stock 
Insider Selling: J P Morgan Chase & Co  JPM Director Sells 40,433 Shares of Stock 
Slap on the wrist! JP Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial discrimination charges 
didn't realize how broken the chair from the dining room was until it almost collapsed under me 😑
JP Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial discrimination charges 
 TheResistance
JP Morgan Chase Settles Discrimination Lawsuit 💰
JP Morgan Chase pays  55m over racial discrimination


JP Morgan-Chase Bank criminals agree to  55 million settlement with  Negroes and  Latino borrowers via  Reuters
J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Shares Bought by Cornerstone Advisors Inc.: Cornerstone… 
HEAR ME CROOKED JP MORGAN CHASE BoeingNK FUQN-ME HOR
HEAR ME CROOKED JP MORGAN CHASE BoeingNKW FUQNME HOR
I have a whole thing of unopened Oreo's but I'm not about to settle for a dessert I don't want
still craving cheesecake, I can't stop talking about it 😂
JP Morgan Chase to pay  55m to settle racial discrimination charges


Indoor waterfall at 4600 Morgan Drive. Chevy Chase, Maryland.   HellerColeyReed… 
Economy Improving? Over One-Third of Small Businesses Reduced Employees says JP Morgan Study | JPMorgan Chase & Co. 
JP Morgan Chase's  55 Million Discrimination Settlement - The Atlantic 
US bank JP Morgan Chase pays  55m to settle racial discrimination charges. 
JP Morgan Chase pays  55m over racial discrimination 
JP Morgan Chase pays  55m over racial discrimination  BBCNews  BBCNews 
JP Morgan Chase pays  55m over racial discrimination  us
 JPMorganChase UPDATE 2-organ CEO Jamie Dimon gets  28 million pay package. Read more:  JPM
What is the average pay of a teller/clerk at  JPM? 
 JPMorganChase J.P. Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon's pay by nearly 4%. Read more:  JPM
 JPMorganChase Jamie Dimon's 2016 Pay:  28,000,000. Read more:  JPM
 JPMorganChase organ raises CEO Dimon's pay 3.7 percent to US 28 million. Read more:  JPM
 JPMorganChase organ raises Dimon's pay 3.7 percent to  28 million. Read more:  JPM
 JPMorganChase organ raises Dimon's pay 3.7 pct to  28 mln. Read more:  JPM
If you bought the last month and a half, you're underwater.  GS  BoeingC  MS  JPM  XLF 
 JPMorganChase organ hikes Jamie Dimon's pay 3.7% to  28 million. Read more:  JPM
Smithfield Trust Co. Acquires 3,136 Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co.  JPM 
 JPM:

JP Morgan Chase hikes Jamie Dimon’s pay by nearly 4%:


Banking's favorite son got a raise that's about double inflation: 3.7%. via  hugh_son  melinanders  JPM
 JPM:

JP Morgan CEO to Get  28 Million in 2016 Compensation:


JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon's total pay rose to  28m (including  26.5m in performance-based compensation) in 2016, was… 
Breakdown of 2016 pay pkg for JPMorganChase  JPM CEO Jamie Dimon:
 1.5M base salary
 5M performance comp
 21.5M perf share units
Total  28M
8 hours of work for Jamie Dimon  is worth more than twice the ave fireman makes in a year. I guess he's saving lives.  JPM  NiceToBeAnElite
 WFC  JPM:

JPMorgan Boosts CEO Jamie Dimon’s Annual Pay 3.7% to  28 Million:


Jamie Dimon makes more in 1 day than the average median yearly pay of all workers in the U.S.  JPM  NiceToBeAnElite
Jamie Dimon earns more before lunch on the 1st day of year than an average teacher makes in a year.  JPM  NiceToBeAnElite
Financial Sector Heat Map;   BK and the big banks finish lower  

 XLF  BoeingC  GS  WFC  C… 
Jamie Dimon earns more before lunch on the 1st day of year than an average nursing assistant makes in a year.  JPM  NiceToBeAnElite
JPMorgan  JPM CEO Jamie Dimon Total Compensation for 2016 Raised to  28M from  27M 
 GS  MS  C and  JPM after  Q4Earnings 
 JPM:

Sen. Warren pushes financial firms to back controversial fiduciary rule:


