null
Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility Advertise Subscribe Close Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Renew Area Development - Site Selection, Facility Planning and Workforce Development Follow Search Close Area Development Homepage All Sections Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Construction / Project Planning Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business AD Editorial Board Bill Luttrell Senior Locations Strategist, Werner Global Logistics, Werner Enterprises Bradley Migdal Senior Managing Director, Business Incentives Practice, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Christine Bustamante National Co-Leader, Global Location and Expansion Services, State and Local Tax, KPMG LLP Dan Levine Practice Leader, Location Strategies and Economic Development, Oxford Economics, Inc. Dan White Senior Economist, Moody's Analytics Dean J. Uminski, CEcD Principal, Crowe Horwath Dennis Cuneo Managing Partner , Fisher & Phillips Dick Sheehy Director of Advanced Planning and Site Selection, CH2M HILL Eric Stavriotis Senior Vice President, CBRE, Inc. Gregory Burkart Managing Director and Practice Leader, Site Selection & Business Incentive Advisory Services, Duff & Phelps, LLC Jamie Lominack Corporate Real Estate Manager, Michelin North America John Morris SIOR, Industrial Services Lead for the Americas, Cushman & Wakefield, Inc. Kathy Mussio Managing Partner, Atlas Insight, LLC Larry Gigerich Managing Director , Ginovus Les Cranmer Senior Managing Director, Savills Studley Michael McDermott Consulting Manager, Global Business Consulting, Cushman & Wakefield Minah Hall Managing Director, True Partners Consulting LLC Scott Kupperman Founder, Kupperman Location Solutions Scott Redabaugh Managing Director, JLL Stephen Gray CEO, Gray Construction Thomas J. Stringer, Esq. Managing Director & Practice Leader, Site Selection and Business Incentives Group, BDO USA Tim Feemster Managing Principal, Foremost Quality Logistics South-Atlantic | West Virginia Location Notebook: West Virginia’s Economic Diversification Helping the State to Meet Challenges The P&G win was an important one for the state, providing validation that West Virginia can be a competitive place to do business. Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Q3 2016 West Virginia, you might say, really cleaned up in the high-stakes competition for a facility that’ll soon make shampoo, fabric softener, and other consumer products. Procter & Gamble carefully checked out about 70 potential U.S. sites for its $500 million facility before landing on Tabler Station in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia, where ground was broken last fall. Related Research U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Location Notebook: Pitt County, NC Provides “Healthful” Business Environment A Win-Win for Veterans & Companies Requiring Skilled Workers Building a Sustainable Labor Pipeline “Nobody is more thorough in their vetting process than P&G was,” observes West Virginia’s Secretary of Commerce Keith Burdette. And no wonder — though the company has more than two dozen plants in 20 U.S. states, this will be only the second new manufacturing facility P&G has built in America since 1971. It’ll employ 300 when it opens next year and 700 when it’s fully operational in 2019. That will make it the company’s fifth-biggest plant in terms of employment. Workforce Development Availability of a skilled workforce is often the number-one factor driving location decisions today, and according to state officials, Proctor & Gamble’s decision to locate in West Virginia came about as a result of the state’s determination to develop a responsive workforce development program. Manufacturing in West Virginia P&G joins other large manufacturers that have put down roots in West Virginia. Bombardier Maintains a fleet of hundreds of aircraft through its West Virginia operations Toyota Motor Manufacturing Has invested well over $1 billion over the course of a couple decades in Buffalo, West Virginia, where it makes hundreds of thousands of Toyota engines and transmissions each year. Proctor & Gamble Proctor & Gamble’s decision to locate in West Virginia came about as a result of the state’s determination to develop a responsive workforce development program. Pietro Fiorentini An Italian manufacturer of gauges for the natural gas industry company that has a West Virginia location in Wheeling Among the symbols of that determination is the Governor’s Guaranteed Work Force Program, which helps not only major potential job-creation projects, but also smaller location decisions as well as expansions of existing West Virginia employers. If a project will create at least 10 jobs in a 12-month stretch, it can qualify for support from the program. Funding levels vary by location, wages, the number of employees, and how many require training, but the awards can be quite generous. For example, small businesses can receive as much as three-quarters of the cost of training in various pre-approved areas focused on technology, technical skills, and regulatory compliance. The awards are flexible, too. For example, Burdette points out that two West Virginia engineering graduates who had been hired by Pietro Fiorentini — an Italian manufacturer of gauges for the natural gas industry company that has a West Virginia location in Wheeling — received company-specific training in Italy paid for from the Governor’s Guaranteed Work Force Program. The labor force in this area was one of the primary reasons we decided to site here. Robin Bearden, P&G vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Supply Not that training recipients need to travel that far for quality training in most cases. West Virginia employers make good use of the state’s network of technical and community colleges, and the abundance of short- and long-term training opportunities. That assurance and the critical mass of available workers helped solve the all-important workforce puzzle for P&G, according to Robin Bearden, P&G vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Supply, who spoke at the groundbreaking event: “The labor force in this area was one of the primary reasons we decided to site here.” That’s a solid endorsement of West Virginia’s successful efforts to deal with workforce challenges, such as its state ranking of 43rd in the percentage of residents with a high school diploma, and 50th in the percentage who have a bachelor’s degree. As the P&G win suggests, traditional measures of educational attainment don’t always reflect a location’s ability to meet the needs of expanding businesses. Market Proximity, Low Costs Among the other reasons P&G chose West Virginia is the state’s proximity to markets on the East Coast. Yannis Skoufalos, P&G Global Product Supply officer, confirmed as much when company officials gathered to break ground: “West Virginia offers us a wonderful proximity to the eastern United States of America, which is a significant portion of the consumers that we serve throughout our supply network.” To that, add the workforce development system and commitment, and the low cost of doing business, including reasonable rates for taxes, labor, and energy. “Our incentives were competitive, but at the end of the day you have to look past incentives. Our cost of doing business is lower than in surrounding states,” Burdette claims. Our incentives were competitive, but at the end of the day you have to look past incentives. Our cost of doing business is lower than in surrounding states Robin Bearden, P&G vice president of Human Resources, Global Product Supply P&G is a big coup but also one in a string of successes as the state has diversified its economy. There are still plenty of jobs that are fueled by the state’s historically rich resource extraction, including in the energy sector, hardwood products, and building materials. But other key industries range from aerospace and automotive to chemicals and polymers to a wide range of manufacturing and a high-tech biometrics cluster focused on what’s known as identity technology. As the economy has diversified, the state’s employment situation has been recovering. As recently as the spring of 2015, the unemployment rate had bounced back above 7 percent, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. A year later, it was just over 6 percent, still higher than before the Great Recession but the lowest it had been since the recession ended. A Welcoming Attitude Lots of well-known names have put down roots here through the years, from Bombardier — which maintains a fleet of hundreds of aircraft through its West Virginia operations — to Toyota Motor Manufacturing, which has invested well over $1 billion over the course of a couple decades in Buffalo, West Virginia, where it makes hundreds of thousands of Toyota engines and transmissions each year. All of those factors that go into a positive business climate certainly have played a role in this kind of ongoing success. There’s also a less tangible but equally important business-friendly culture that makes it easier to get big things done. As Liz Fikes, director-engineer in P&G Product Supply, noted at the groundbreaking, “What really started to stand out is that everybody we worked with — whether it was state, county officials — was just phenomenally welcoming.” Skoufalos agreed. “They’ve been very open…very transparent…very clear to our standards, and we’ve been very clear to our standards, and that has enabled us to understand what they have to offer and, at the same time, what we have to offer.” Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble has written for Area Development for nearly 20 years. His work has also appeared in numerous other magazines, newspapers, and online publications, as well as broadcast media. He has authored several books and has worked extensively in corporate and internal communications, including creating annual reports. An Indianapolis resident, he holds bachelor's and master's degrees in journalism from Indiana University. Site Selection Factors / Strategy Critical Site Selection Factor #5: Available Buildings Q4 2016 Tennessee Location Notebook: Tennessee A Growing Hub for Logistics Q3 2016 Top States for Business 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Q3 2016 Leading Metro Locations Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs Q2 2016 RELATED TOPICS AND ARTICLES Location Notebook Skilled Labor / STEM Location Notebook: Pitt County, NC Provides “Healthful” Business Environment Location Notebook: Union County, SC, Moves Forward Location Notebook: TVA Hitching Its Wagon to the Auto Industry Opelika, Alabama Builds High-Speed On Ramp to the Future Location Notebook: Data Centers Betting on Nevada Reshoring and Skilled Workforce Go Hand in Hand Regional Talent Attraction Study Results: It’s Not All About Core Cities U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces A Win-Win for Veterans & Companies Requiring Skilled Workers First Person: Skills for a Successful Career in the 21st Century Article Discussion News Items Around The Web Studies/Research Manufacturers Less Optimistic About Overall Economy; Express Confidence in Their Own Revenue Growth 07/20/2016 Cushman & Wakefield Reports on Continuing Momentum for Industrial Real Estate Markets 07/15/2016 West Virginia Officials Seek To Develop 12,000-Acre Industrial Site In Boone County 05/13/2016 Procter & Gamble Begins $500 Million Expansion In Berkeley County, West Virginia 09/21/2015 State Loan Assists Constellium N. V. In Expanding Rolled Aluminum Manufacturing Plant In Ravenswood, West Virginia 08/21/2015 All News Items  Tips: Send Us Business Expansion or Relocation News Where Should Aerospace Companies Invest? Evaluating Aerospace Manufacturing Hubs Scott Thompson, PwC 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Steve Stackhouse-Kaelble Regional Talent Attraction Study Results: It’s Not All About Core Cities Joshua Wright, Emsi U.S. Manufacturers Attempting to Upskill Their Workforces Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Developing Loyalty Among a Millennial Workforce Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Mark Crawford Technological Innovation Essential to U.S. Manufacturing Growth Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Which Countries Have Lowest Business Costs? Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine Ideas for Industry Innovation Ecosystems Put Into Play Craig Giffi, Deloitte LLP Michelle Drew Rodriguez, Deloitte Services LP 12th Annual Consultants Survey: Clients’ Robust New Facility/Expansion Plans Revealed Geraldine Gambale, Area Development Magazine All Studies/Research/Papers Share Area Development Magazine Current Issue Past Issues Subscribe State Resources Mid-Atlantic Delaware Maryland New Jersey New York Pennsylvania Midwest Illinois Indiana Iowa Michigan Minnesota Missouri Ohio Wisconsin Mountain Colorado Idaho Montana Nevada Utah Wyoming New England Connecticut Maine Massachusetts New Hampshire Rhode Island Vermont Pacific Alaska California Hawaii Oregon Washington Plains Kansas Nebraska North Dakota South Dakota South Alabama Arkansas Kentucky Louisiana Mississippi Tennessee South-Atlantic Florida Georgia North Carolina South Carolina Virginia West Virginia Southwest Arizona New Mexico Oklahoma Texas Site Selection Business Globalization / Next Shoring Corporate Exec Survey Results Economy / Market Analysis Government Policy / Business Climate Logistics / Infrastructure Site Selection Factors / Strategy Taxes / Incentives Facility Planning Asset / Facility Management Capital Access / Finance Construction / Project Planning Portfolio Management / CRE Sustainable Development Workforce Development Labor Costs / Organized Labor Skilled Labor / STEM Workforce Training / Education Workplace Trends Business+Place Annual Econdev Awards Economic Development Directory Frontline International Location Reports Leading Metro Locations Location Notebook Top States for Business U.S. Regional Reports Departments News Items Studies/Research/Papers Viewpoint Industry Sectors Advanced Manufacturing Aerospace Automotive Biotech / Life Sciences Energy / Clean Tech Food Processing Inward Investment Guides Location Canada Location USA Property Types Corporate HQ / Office Data Centers DCs / Warehousing Manufacturing / Industrial Services Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Contact Related Sites Consultants Forum FacilityLocations FastFacility FastGIS Free for qualified executives and consultants to industry Receive quarterly issues of Area Development Magazine and special market report and directory issues Subscribe Now Area Development Exclusives Next Slide Previous Slide Top States for Business » 2016 Top States for Doing Business: Georgia Back in Top Spot Again Leading Metro Locations » Leading Locations for 2016: San Francisco-Redwood City-South San Francisco Ranks First Among MSAs Annual Gold Shovel Economic Development Awards » 2016 Gold & Silver Shovel Awards Recognize States That Have Garnered High-Impact Economic Development Projects Executive Survey Results » 30th Annual Survey of Corporate Executives: Cautious Optimism Reflected Inward Investment Guides » Location USA: A guide for inward investment to the United States Inward Investment Guides » FDI: Location Canada Economic Development Directory » Find the Right Location for Your Next Business Site, Facility or Headquarters Available Buildings and Sites » The free access database for companies, consultants and prospects seeking available buildings and/or sites Services Magazine Subscription/Renewal Newsletter Current Issue Contact Area Development Advertise Quick Links / Topics Asset Management Labor / Workforce Development Site Selection Business Expansion / Economic Development News State Resources Views Special Presentations Gold & Silver Shovel Economic Development Awards Annual Corporate & Consultants Survey Results Leading Metro Locations Top States for Doing Business Related Resources GIS, commercial listings database for expanding companies, consultants and other prospects who are seeking available buildings and/or sites. Scout locations for Your next business site, facility or headquarters and connect with economic development pros who can assist in the site selection process. Events focusing on best practices in economic development, bringing together industry leading consultants with economic development professionals. Follow Area Development on Twitter Pin Us Delicious Follow Area Development on LinkedIn Subscribe to Area Development RSS Feeds Subscribe to Area Development Newsletters All contents copyright © 2016 Halcyon Business Publications, Inc. Close Search Results
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The 3 Best Long-Term Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Why does long-term dividend investing work? These top income-producing stocks help show you the way. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Sep 16, 2016 at 7:13PM Image source: Getty Images. Few dispute that dividend growth investing is back en vogue, but not everyone seems to know exactly why dividend investing is one of the most well-documented ways to beat the market when deftly executed. So, why does dividend growth investing garner so much respect among seasoned investors? Perhaps it seems obvious, but dividend growth investing is beloved because it flat-out works -- especially when dividends are reinvested to buy additional shares. As just one of the many examples, a study from asset manager BlackRock found that a selected basket of dividend growth stocks outperformed an equally weighted basket of all stocks by roughly 30% from 1979 through 2004. Especially when combined with a strategy to reinvest all dividend payments to buy more shares, the results can be truly astounding, while requiring little additional time. Here's a quick snapshot of a few of what I see as the best long-term dividend stocks on the market today. Dividend Stock Ticker Symbol Market Cap # of Consecutive Dividend Increases Procter & Gamble NYSE: PG $229.1 billion 59 years Kimberly-Clark NYSE: KMB $43.4 billion 43 years Johnson & Johnson NYSE: JNJ $318.3 billion 53 years Abbott Labs NYSE: ABT $61.2 billion 43 years Medtronic NYSE: MDT $117.0 billion 38 years Data sources: Google Finance and Dividend.com. What makes these long-term dividend stocks so special? For starters, each has an enviable track record of growing their dividend payments each year. If our strategy is to beat the market by buying great dividend growth stocks and reinvesting their proceeds, these seem like relatively safe bets based on the multidecade history of annual dividend increases alone. However, the sectors in which the above names operate -- consumer staples and healthcare -- also provide a stable foundation for continued success for many years to come. Johnson & Johnson The aging Baby Boomer population should serve as a long-term tailwind for the entire healthcare sector, and Johnson & Johnson's (NYSE:JNJ) formidable competitive position within the industry makes it a fantastic option for long-term dividend investors. All three of J&J's core business segments -- consumer, medical devices, and pharmaceutical -- are all relatively stable, producing consistent revenues and profits from which it can fund its dividend. The pharmaceutical segment continues to act as the straw that stirs J&J's financial drink, accounting for the greatest percentage of the company's sales and profits. It is also the fastest-growing segment in Johnson & Johnson's business, increasing nearly 9% in the company's most recent quarter versus a 0.8% increase in medical devices and a 1.8% decline in consumer sales. Segment-specific vicissitudes aside, Johnson & Johnson remains a hugely profitable enterprise by virtually any metric. Its 56% dividend payout ratio seems sustainable for a business of its size, profitability, and capex requirements. Trading at around 22 times its past-12-months' earnings values, the company's stock is below that of the overall market, which also doesn't seem particularly out of line for a company of its quality and maturity. At the end of the day, Johnson & Johnson remains a fantastic option for investors looking to fund their retirements through long-term dividend investing. Image source: Getty Images. Abbott Labs Much like Johnson & Johnson above, Abbott Labs' (NYSE:ABT) place as a diversified healthcare products company makes it a dividend dynamo capable of standing the test of time. After spinning out its biotech business into the publicly traded AbbVie in 2013, Abbott Labs appears focused and ready to seize the considerable opportunities provided by its market. In the company's most recently reported quarter, three of Abbot Labs' four reporting segments produced sales growth in the mid to high single digits, and its nutrition segment -- the long "disappointment" in the report -- still saw sales rise 4.3%.  Like many large U.S. multinationals, the outsized strength of the U.S. dollar has served as a moderate headwind to Abbott's results, though the company remains quite profitable all the same. Furthermore, analysts see Abbott Labs producing double-digit profit growth in each of the next two full fiscal years, making its valuation discount relative to its peers seem likely to disappear if the company continues to execute.  Also like Johnson & Johnson, Abbott Labs' streak of 43 consecutive annual dividend increases make it a fairly safe bet that its continued dividend growth will proceed for years to come. With a 2.5% current dividend yield and hugely favorable demographics to underpin its long-term growth, Abbott Labs also seems like a fantastic option for dividend investors today.   Image source: Getty Images. Procter & Gamble Though I could easily continue to sing the praises of the other healthcare name on the list above -- Medtronic -- I'll instead make the case for consumer staples powerhouse Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) as a slam-dunk long-term dividend growth play. To see what makes P&G such a fantastic business, it helps to understand what has led its stock price to slightly underperform the market over the last two years.  The company behind such well-known everyday brands including Tide, Bounty, Pampers, and many more has been hammered by negative foreign exchange impacts in recent quarters. Procter & Gamble has also faced increased competition from a host in insurgent products that have adroitly leveraged the lower barriers to entry provided by technology; Dollar Shave Club's challenge to Gillette is perhaps the most obvious example, though others abound. For whatever reason, P&G's management had been slow to respond, though the company's more recent plan to reduce costs and reinvest in brand growth has been warmly received by analysts, which brings me to my overarching point in this investing thesis: P&G's ability to endure. As the largest consumer goods company in the world with leading market share across the bulk of its product segments, P&G's fortress-like competitive position should give it the ability to withstand and adapt to whatever changes will inevitably come its way. The company is an institution, one that consistently produces robust profits come rain, snow, sleet, or shine. Some years will be better than others, but its leading brands and distribution virtually guarantee consumers will continue to use Procter & Gamble's products for generations to come. The same holds true with P&G's cash dividends. Case in point: Procter & Gamble's amazing history of dividend growth dates back to the Eisenhower administration. Especially given its current 3% dividend, Procter & Gamble remains arguably the best dividend stock on the market for long-term payout growth. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool owns shares of Medtronic. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Sep 16, 2016 at 7:13PM Consumer Goods Stocks Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $115.31 down $0.46 (-0.40%) Abbott Laboratories NYSE:ABT $39.97 down $0.42 (-1.04%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.12 down $0.95 (-1.14%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $113.17 up $0.81 (0.72%) Read More Procter & Gamble Just Issued Its Smallest Dividend Hike in a Generation -- Here's What it Means 3 Stocks with Better Dividends Than Procter & Gamble Co. Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Here Are the Wearable Trends to Watch in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Stock Alert Takeover Target? Why Edgewell May Be Bought The personal-care products company, whose brands include Edge and Hawaiian Tropic, is ripe for a deal. By David Englander Biography February 4, 2016 Since its July 1 split off from Energizer Holdings, the stock of personal-care products concern Edgewell Personal Care (ticker: EPC) has sunk 20%. While much of the selling can be attributed to the broader market decline, a high valuation at the time of the spinoff has contributed. At a recent $81.42, the shares are no longer expensive, trading for an enterprise value of 12 times estimated 2017 Ebitda (earnings before interest,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Uber’s Challenge…Replacing Rental Cars Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Eddie Lampert’s Big Bet On Sears Hometown Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla and SolarCity Get Shareholder Approval…Here’s What it Means Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Cisco Stock Offers Value Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Donald Trump a Closet Democrat? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 2 How to Get the Best Financial Advice 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Fitbit and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Electric Toothbrush Market 2021 Share, Growth and Regional Forecast ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Electric Toothbrush 2021 Market Research Report The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 17, 2016 ) This report studies Electric Toothbrush in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2011 to 2015, and forecast to 2021. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Philips Sonicare Oral-B (P & G) Panasonic Omron Healthcare Colgate-Palmolive FOREO Wellness Interplak (Conair) PURSONIC Smilex Kolibree Ningbo Seago Electric LION For more information about this report at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-electric-toothbrush-market-professional-survey-report-2016 By types, the market can be split into Type I Type II Type III By Application, the market can be split into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001388158/sample Table of Content 1 Industry Overview of Electric Toothbrush 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 4 Global Electric Toothbrush Overall Market Overview 4.1 2011-2016E Overall Market Analysis 4.2 Capacity Analysis 4.2.1 2011-2016E Global Electric Toothbrush Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis 4.2.2 2015 Electric Toothbrush Capacity Analysis (Company Segment) 4.3 Sales Analysis 4.3.1 2011-2016E Global Electric Toothbrush Sales and Growth Rate Analysis 4.3.2 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales Analysis (Company Segment) 4.4 Sales Price Analysis 4.4.1 2011-2016E Global Electric Toothbrush Sales Price 4.4.2 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment) 5 Electric Toothbrush Regional Market Analysis 5.1 North America Electric Toothbrush Market Analysis 5.1.1 North America Electric Toothbrush Market Overview 5.1.2 North America 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.1.3 North America 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Sales Price Analysis 5.1.4 North America 2015 Electric Toothbrush Market Share Analysis 5.2 China Electric Toothbrush Market Analysis 5.2.1 China Electric Toothbrush Market Overview 5.2.2 China 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis 5.2.3 China 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Sales Price Analysis 5.2.4 China 2015 Electric Toothbrush Market Share Analysis Ask for Discount at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001388158/discount. 6 Global 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Segment Market Analysis (by Type) 7 Global 2011-2016E Electric Toothbrush Segment Market Analysis (by Application) 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 8.1 Philips Sonicare 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Type I 8.1.2.2 Type II 8.1.2.3 Type III 8.1.3 Philips Sonicare 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Philips Sonicare 2015 Electric Toothbrush Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Oral-B (P & G) 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Type I 8.2.2.2 Type II 8.2.2.3 Type III 8.2.3 Oral-B (P & G) 2015 Electric Toothbrush Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Oral-B (P & G) 2015 Electric Toothbrush Business Region Distribution Analysis 9 Development Trend of Analysis of Electric Toothbrush Market 10 Electric Toothbrush Marketing Type Analysis 11 Consumers Analysis of Electric Toothbrush 12 Conclusion of the Global Electric Toothbrush Market Professional Survey Report 2016 Purchase Complete Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001388158/buy/3500. Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese Prime Minister 'Fired for expressing my conservative views': Fox Houston TV reporter, 25, sacked for sharing pro-Trump and anti-Obama posts on Facebook Bad Santa! Father Christmas is removed from Florida mall after 'telling 10-year-old girl Hillary Clinton is on the naughty list' Desperate search under way for missing week-old baby after her mother is found shot dead in Kansas EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance - but Solange's elevator attack on Jay-Z was 'straight up' over another woman Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from wedding desserts company after she failed to answer their calls 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will wake up alone in America How will Nick Gordon get $36M? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets collections lawyer so her ex cannot profit from her death, vowing to collect full judgment in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Trump open to naming former rivals - including Romney, adviser reveals  Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  EXCLUSIVE: Peter Thiel has created a secret database called the 'Plum List' to screen and 'fast-track' top talent who have shown loyalty to Trump - and come from OUTSIDE the Beltway  Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Previous Next Jessica Alba could sell her Honest Company to Unilever for up to $1billion The Honesty Company co-founder is reportedly in talks with Unilever Unilever, which makes Axe body spray and Dove soap, could acquire the company for $1billion But the consumer goods startup has reportedly not ruled out going public  Jessica Alba, 35, co-founded the company in 2011, which sells diapers, lotion and cleaning products that are free of 'harsh chemicals' It has since grown rapidly, last year selling lip gloss, blush and mascara under the brand Honest Beauty By Myriah Towner For Dailymail.com Published: 02:08 EST, 17 September 2016 | Updated: 11:00 EST, 17 September 2016 e-mail 1k shares 236 View comments Actress and business mogul Jessica Alba may be selling her consumer packaged goods startup The Honest Company for more than $1 billion, according to a report Actress and business mogul Jessica Alba may be selling her consumer packaged goods startup The Honest Company for $1 billion, according to a report. The movie star co-founded the company about five years ago, which sells diapers, soap, lotion and cleaning products that it says are free of 'harsh chemicals.' It has since grown rapidly, and late last year started selling lip gloss, blush and mascara under the brand Honest Beauty.  Now Unilever, which makes Axe body spray and Dove soap, is in talks to acquire the company for more than $1 billion but 'significantly less' than the $1.7 billion Honest Co was valued at in a funding round last year, The Wall Street Journal reported. Talks of the deal are at an early stage, sources familiar with the matter told the newspaper. The startup has also not ruled out going public, sources said. Alba pictured at the launch of The Honest Company at Target in 2014. The movie star co-founded the company about five years ago, which sells diapers, soap, lotion and cleaning products that it says are free of 'harsh chemicals' Now Unilever (headquarters pictured), which makes Axe body spray and Dove soap, is reportedly in talks to acquire the company for more than $1 billion but 'significantly less' than the $1.7 billion Honest Co was valued at in a funding round last year Since the company got its start in 2011, it has reportedly raised more than $200 million from outside investors. Should the acquisition move forward, Honest Co - which generates roughly $300 million in annual revenue - will pay some investors double their investment, according to Journal. The startup's focus on 'natural' and 'green' cleaning products would expand Unilever's expanding presence in the fast-growing market as well as the diaper business, the newspaper reported. Currently, Unilever does not carry any brands that compete with Honest Co. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bayer inks $66 billion deal to acquire weed killer Monsanto... Wish you never upgraded to iOS 10? This trick lets you... Share this article Share Unilever recently acquired California start-up Dollar Shave Club for $1 billion, sharpening its rivalry with Procter & Gamble, which owns the Gillette brand. Unilever's acquisition of the subscription razor company also showed how e-commerce is disrupting the market for consumer packaged goods. The 35-year-old Alba co-founded Honest Co with Brian Lee, Sean Kane and Christopher Gavin. The company, based in Los Angeles, sells its products online and at discount retailer Target, grocery chain Whole Foods and other major stores around the country.  Honest Co products are shown above. The company sells its products online and at major stores including Target and Whole Foods The Honest Company has since grown rapidly, and late last year started selling lip gloss, blush and mascara under the brand Honest Beauty Pack a punch in pink pumps like Jessica Alba Jimmy Choo Anouk Suede Pumps in Pink Sold out - Buy them in red! Visit site She always looks effortlessly chic and turned out to perfection and it was no different here for Jessica Alba as she attended her Honest Beauty event. Her white sheer, bodycon dress really showed off Jessica's super slimline body and toned limbs, but what really set off the look were those bright Barbie pink pumps. A candy pink this bold can look particularly girly, but when teamed with a utilitarian piece such as this, it really balances things out leaving you with a fabulous contrast. Jessica's Jimmy Choo pumps are sadly long gone, but you can steal her pretty in pink style by bagging one of our alternative pairs of sassy shoes below. * PRICES MAY NOT BE AS ADVERTISED ...NOW GET SOME LIKE THEM! Nine West Flax at 6pm Visit site Ivanka Trump Carra at 6pm Visit site KATE SPADE NEW YORK Licorice Suede Pumps at Lord & Taylor Visit site http://fave.co/2d2eGig Visit site Earlier this year, The Wall Street Journal reported it had tested the Honest Co's detergent at two laboratories and found it had sodium lauryl sulfate.  On its website, Honest Co promises that it doesn't use SLS — a common ingredient in other brands — because it can cause skin irritation. The company responded saying its detergent contains sodium coco sulfate instead, an ingredient it says is a 'gentler alternative.'  It also said it conducted 'rigorous testing' and said the Journal's article is wrong and 'reckless.' The Journal said its report was 'accurate, fair and meets' its standards. Privately held Honest Co is also facing a class action lawsuit from customers who said the company's sunscreen failed to protect them, causing sun burns, according to court documents.  That case is still pending and Honest Co has said its products are safe.  During an interview last month with Today, addressed the suits lodged against the natural products company, alleging they may be less than effective and contain toxic ingredients.  Unilever recently acquired California start-up Dollar Shave Club (products from the startup pictured) for $1 billion, sharpening its rivalry with Procter & Gamble, which owns the Gillette brand Alba said on the show that she believes many of the allegations simply stem from her company being an 'easy target' due to the awareness her star power brings to the brand. 'Obviously, we want our customers to have the best experience with our brand,' the actress stated. 'If an organization wants to bring awareness to their cause, I'm an easy target and our brand is an easy target, obviously, because I get different kind of attention than other brands would. It's just sort of what happens.' She went on to express her faith in how well informed her customers really are, explaining: 'Our customers are savvy enough to do research and understand the integrity of our products.' 'We stand by our ingredients, the effectiveness of the products, and we're pretty optimistic that we're going to win every case,' she continued. Adding, 'It's just a headline, really, because when you look into any of it, they're baseless. There's no merit behind any of it.' Read more: Unilever Is in Talks to Acquire Jessica Alba’s Honest Co. - WSJ Jessica Alba defends Honest Company, talks new 'Mechanic: Resurrection' role - TODAY.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 1k shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? PA at City insurance firm glasses recruitment consultant Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Best of friends? A polar bear pats a dog just like a human Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... We're not letting EU go! German finance minister warns that... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Father called 911 to report a quadruple murder-suicide after... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox     DON'T MISS Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Ariana Grande flashes bra in flared dungarees as she leads cast at Hairspray press junket in LA The 23-year-old singer looked fantastic  Glow like Gwyneth! Paltrow details her on-the-go beauty routine, including the skincare rule she breaks to get a young and fresh complexion 'I didn't know I was pregnant': Sharon Osbourne talks about suffering a miscarriage after being attacked by her parents' dogs On her show The Talk 'Best thing that ever happened to me': Jim Parsons writes touching note to celebrate 14th anniversary with boyfriend Todd Spiewak Big Bang Theory star 'I am so happy!' Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, announces that she has entered a courtship with her friend of 15 years, weeks after watching her sister Jinger marry  'Why would you punish something that never even happened?': Tom Brady mocks Deflategate in new Foot Locker commercial What will bosses say?! 'Lavish each other with love': Nicole Kidman reveals the secret behind her ten-year marriage... after hubby Keith Urban declares split rumours 'gibberish' 'The wedding's off': Bachelor's Ben Higgins blindsides fiancee Lauren Bushnell by putting nuptials on hold during therapy session  Trouble in paradise How escape artist David Blaine was shot in the stomach multiple times to prepare to take a bullet in his MOUTH - and why the final trick didn't go as planned  Today's headlines Most Read What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... 'Fired for expressing my conservative views': Fox Houston TV reporter, 25, is sacked over her pro-Trump and... Bad Santa! Father Christmas is removed from Florida mall after 'telling 10-year-old girl Hillary Clinton is... Desperate search under way for missing week-old baby after her mother is found shot dead in Kansas EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has... Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid... 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who... How will Nick Gordon find $36M? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets collections lawyer so her ex cannot profit from... Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Benghazi committee member to lead... National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who... Something we said, Barack? Obama visits Europe for the last time as US president - but goes to BERLIN and... EXCLUSIVE: Peter Thiel has created a secret database called the 'Plum List' to screen and 'fast-track' top... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Trump claims he's saved Lincoln production from being moved to Mexico after talking to CEO - but critics say... Making America Smile Again: Trump Tower is now the hottest selfie spot in New York City MORE HEADLINES Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  We're not letting EU go! German finance minister warns that Britain could still be paying into Brussels coffers in 2030 Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Father called 911 to report a quadruple murder-suicide after killing his wife and two young daughters - then took his own life after hanging up Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank' - but once you leave you lose everything New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese Prime Minister 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder Out of the shadows for the first time in 45 years, the disfigured hermit who hid away from society aged 15 but now faces his demons to pay respects to late Thai king  Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Benghazi committee member to lead the CIA after naming retired general to national security advisor post The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Albania Startups Investment Commentary Events Stories Calendar Newsletter More Tech Mobile Business Marketing Interviews Books           News Albania Startups Investment Commentary Events Stories Calendar Newsletter More Tech Mobile Business Marketing Interviews Books About us Advertise Contact   By: Çelik Nimani Events Crowdsourcing Week Summit Gjakova, Speaker Round 2 2015-09-28 Bonevet Makerspace in Gjakova is on its way for CSW Gjakova and the Crowdsourcing Summit in general. The first round of speakers can be found here.   Epi Ludvik Nekaj Epi is the founder of Crowdsourcing Week, the platform designed to bring open innovation and efficiency to organizations by leveraging the power of the Crowd. Founded in 2012, it has since then produced two flagship global conferences, organized crowdsourcing summits across three continents, and built excitement around a global movement. He has also founded Ludvik&Partners, one of New York’s hottest boutique virtual ad agencies built on a 100% crowdsourcing model. A couple of days ago we had the pleasure to interview Epi, and follow-up on what is expected for this weeks Summit, so head on here to read more.   Georg Fankhauser Georg shaped the vision of Gjakova, through being inspired by six years of motivating project experiences in Kosovo and his personal enthusiasm for Gjakova. As chairman he brings in the learnings from his professional career as economist, entrepreneur, member of various boards, Investor and from his private life as partner, father, grandfather, music enthusiast and sponsor, hobby cellist. Georg is expected to share more light on why he has chosen to be involved with the city of Gjakova and make amazing projects come to life.   Emanuele Musa Emanuele Musa is graduated in electronic engineering at the Politecnico di Torino, and in International Management at the European School of Management ESCP (London – Paris – Rio de Janeiro). The concept of Babele was the subject of his master thesis in Brazil. Previous work experience include: Project Planning and Management for Procter & Gamble in Paris, financial analysis at the Fund Manager “AE Global Investment Solutions ltd” in London, strategic analysis at Bombardier Transportation in Brussels, strategy consulting at Advention Business Partners in Paris and management consulting at IBM in Paris. Emanuele will be sharing a panel with Kushtrim and Epi on what is crowdsourcing and why it’s important in todays economies. Stay tuned for the next final round of speakers, and make sure to check out the website for details. Share Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Tags: crowdsourcing emanuele musa epi ludvik nekaj Trending South Central Ventures scouting for startups in Kosovo How to place your startup on the global map AI will destroy jobs and governments are not prepared! Gjirafa launches the Amazon of Kosovo – Gjirafa50 Kosovo gets international phone code +383 Tech and Tourism Innovation Week at CBC Innovation Hub in Kosovo Create Value from uncertainty from the Design a Better Business Book About us Advertise Contact All Rights Reserved Digjitale © 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism LawPoliticsNews What You Need to Know About Attorney General Nominee Jeff Sessions  PoliticsNews What You Need to Know About Mike Flynn, Trump’s Pick for National Security Adviser PoliticsCommentary How to Make the Case for Holding Congress Accountable Until Inauguration Day Health Care News Electing to ‘Opt Out’ of Obamacare  PoliticsNews What You Need to Know About Mike Flynn, Trump’s Pick for National Security Adviser  PoliticsNews Trump Cabinet Timing in Line With Past Presidents  PoliticsNews Conservatives Hopeful Pence Will Play Big Role in New Administration    International News The Top Foreign Conflicts Trump Will Inherit     SocietyNews Sanctuary Cities Defy Trump’s Pledge to Defund Them. How He Can Fight Back.  SocietyCommentary Trump Has Effective Plan to Curb Illegal Immigration, Secure Border   SecurityNews Is the Wall Possible? What Trump Can Do on Immigration   SecurityNews Poll Shows Americans Want Less Immigration, More Enforcement Health Care News Electing to ‘Opt Out’ of Obamacare Health Care News Republicans Begin to Unite Around Obamacare Repeal Plan Health Care Commentary What Obama Got Wrong in His Latest Defense of Obamacare Health Care News How Republicans Can Start to Dismantle Obamacare With a Trump Presidency  Commentary With Trump’s Election, the Future of the Courts Looks Brighter Law Commentary A Coup Against the Constitution Law News 2 GOP Senators Advocate Post-Election Vote on Supreme Court Nominee Society News Congress Demands Explanation for Clarence Thomas’ Exclusion From Black History Smithsonian    International News The Top Foreign Conflicts Trump Will Inherit Security Commentary US Security Benefits When Japan, South Korea Share Intelligence Security Commentary What the US Needs to Do About Russia’s Cyberattacks International News How Republicans Plan to Shape the Next President’s Iran Policy PoliticsNews The Woman Behind the Group the Left Loves to Hate Melissa Quinn / @MelissaQuinn97 / September 18, 2016 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print “If business doesn’t stand up for itself in its right to engage in this debate and this dialogue, then they’re going to lose their ability to do that," says Lisa Nelson, who took over as CEO of the American Legislative Exchange Council in 2014. (Photo: American Legislative Exchange Council) It was 9 o’clock at night when Bill Meierling, a top official at the American Legislative Exchange Council, received the word from NPR’s “The Diane Rehm Show.” ALEC’s newly appointed CEO, Lisa Nelson, was scheduled to appear the next morning on Rehm’s long-running, Washington-based radio show. But ALEC’s critics on the left had posted their displeasure about Nelson’s appearance on the show’s website, arguing that the panel of guests wasn’t going to be balanced. So Rehm’s producers changed the lineup at the last minute to include another ALEC critic. “I found it energizing,” Nelson recalls of her appearance on the show, “because I was completely forward looking.” It was Oct. 2, 2014. Nelson originally was scheduled to appear on “The Diane Rehm Show” that day with Tom Hamburger, a reporter for The Washington Post who covers what the newspaper calls the intersection of money and politics, and John Nichols, national affairs correspondent for The Nation, a liberal magazine. Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, was to call in. But, pressed by ALEC’s opponents, Rehm’s producers added Miles Rapoport, then president of the liberal citizens’ advocacy group Common Cause, to the show. Rapoport and Common Cause, where he is now a senior adviser, were no strangers to Nelson, who had taken the helm at ALEC two months earlier. For several years, Common Cause had been pressuring corporate members of ALEC to withdraw support from the group, a network of lawmakers, researchers, and business leaders that advocates free market policies in state legislatures. In 2012 and 2013, Common Cause had filed complaints with the Internal Revenue Service against ALEC, alleging the group violated the terms of its tax-exempt status by engaging in lobbying activities. ALEC maintains that the group doesn’t lobby. Rapoport’s sudden addition to Rehm’s show wasn’t the only change. When Norquist, a well-known conservative, called in to participate as scheduled, Rehm told her producers to keep him on hold, Nelson recalls in an interview with The Daily Signal. For the length of the show—a full hour—Norquist waited, but the producers never opened up his line. Nichols, however, one of the authors of a 2011 series in The Nation called “ALEC Exposed,” was on the air for about 10 minutes. “The Diane Rehm Show” did not respond to The Daily Signal’s request for comment. During the show, Rapoport and Nichols accused ALEC of placing the interests of its corporate members ahead of the constituents who elected the organization’s more than 2,000 public members, all of them state lawmakers. The two also criticized ALEC for its stance on climate change and prior support of voter ID laws. The criticism wasn’t anything new for Nelson, who, though having just taken over ALEC, was fully aware of the pressure progressive groups were putting on the organization’s corporate members to drop out. Nelson was unfazed by their efforts to beat up on ALEC.  The encounter on Rehm’s show was “manufactured,” she says today. “I found it energizing because—and I think it was probably a blessing that it was so early in my tenure—because I was completely forward looking,” Nelson tells The Daily Signal. “I was able to say, ‘No, whatever happened in the past is the past, and I’m looking forward.’” ‘Refocusing’ ALEC ALEC, founded in 1973, had been fielding attacks from the left for years, though those opponents have increased the attacks since the 2010 midterm elections. And while ALEC’s leadership had made some changes prior to Nelson’s coming on board, she says, she served as the catalyst for more changes, which included a new commitment to transparency. For example, starting in 2013, the group began posting drafts of model policies on its website, as well as financial filings to the IRS. More than 70 reporters attended ALEC’s annual meeting in Indianapolis this past July. But perhaps the biggest change under Nelson has come in the way the group is dealing with pressure from groups such as Common Cause and publications such as The Nation: Instead of remaining silent, as ALEC had done in the past, Nelson is hitting back. “I was here pre-Lisa Nelson and post-Lisa Nelson,” Meierling, ALEC’s vice president of public affairs, tells The Daily Signal. “What the organization needed was an energetic, agenda-setting leader, and Lisa is that person to be able to coalesce powerful communities around ideas and catalyze them to action.” Marianne Eterno, vice president of government relations at Guarantee Trust Life Insurance Co., a long-time private member of the organization, says the ALEC of today is quite different than the ALEC of the past. “[Nelson] refocused ALEC on its true mission, which is hard to do when you’re under assault, which ALEC was two years ago,” Eterno, who sits on ALEC’s Private Enterprise Advisory Council, tells The Daily Signal. “To her credit, not only did she successfully beat back all of ALEC’s detractors—they’re still out there, but they’re not having the effect they used to—she also was able to refocus the organization and get them moving forward.” “To do both of them simultaneously and be so successful is absolutely amazing,” Eterno says. ‘Slings and Arrows’ Walk into Nelson’s office at ALEC’s Arlington, Virginia, headquarters, and her conservative bonafides become clear. Photos of Nelson with House Speaker Paul Ryan, President George W. Bush, and 2016 Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina line her bookshelf, alongside others with actor Morgan Freeman and Oprah Winfrey. A copy of the cover from National Review’s first edition from 1955, signed by the staff, hangs on a wall. In 1991, Nelson set up National Review Institute for the conservative magazine’s iconic founder, William F. Buckley Jr. On a ledge below a television playing Fox News Channel is a gavel from the 105th Congress in 1997. That was the year Nelson went to work as an adviser to then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich, leaving her job as executive director of GOPAC—an organization founded 18 years earlier to train Republicans running for public office. It was Nelson’s work with Gingrich after the Republican Revolution of 1994 that she says readied her for the attacks waged on ALEC. “Working for Newt prepared me for kind of the slings and arrows,” Nelson says. “When you’re in the speaker’s office, when you’ve taken the House for the first time in 40 years, there are going to be a lot of people trying to poke holes in what you’re trying to do.” When Nelson became CEO of ALEC, Gingrich praised her leadership skills. “Lisa Nelson was a key leader at GOPAC in developing the Contract with America,” Gingrich said in a statement at the time. “She is a great leader with a deep public policy interest and a real understanding of innovation. She will greatly enhance ALEC’s ability to serve state legislators.” The former House speaker did not respond to The Daily Signal’s request for comment for this article. Iowa state Rep. Linda Upmeyer, a Republican, was national chairman of ALEC when Nelson took over as CEO in 2014. In the past two years, Upmeyer says, Nelson has increased transparency within ALEC and faced opposition from progressive groups head on. “She’s been wonderful about making sure we stay our course, making sure that mission, the true mission, the legs of the stool, are incorporated into everything we undertake,” Upmeyer tells The Daily Signal. “We pushed back [against opposition] hard, and Lisa has really led that charge.” ‘Pretty Good Instincts’ Above Nelson’s desk are two nearly identical pictures that give visitors a condensed version of her résumé: a degree in political science and international relations from the University of California at Berkeley; executive director at GOPAC; public affairs liaison to Gingrich; senior vice president for external relations at AOL-Time Warner; head of government relations at Visa Inc.; and today, CEO of ALEC. Just three weeks before she appeared on “The Diane Rehm Show,” Google CEO Eric Schmidt, in his own interview on Rehm’s show, said Google would be leaving ALEC because the organization supposedly denies that mankind’s activities are raising global temperatures. ALEC argues that climate change is an “historical phenomenon and the debate will continue on the significance of natural and anthropogenic contributions.” Nelson, meanwhile, credits Gingrich and the work of Republicans during the 1990s with setting the landscape that allowed technology companies such as Google to thrive. And Nelson says she had a “very personal reaction” to the news that the tech giant was leaving ALEC, given her connection to Silicon Valley. “I came to this organization thinking that I was going to bring in the technology community and the true innovators out of Silicon Valley. I knew exactly who they were, and I knew exactly how they’re politically motivated,” she says, adding: I think we had pretty good instincts on how hard to push back [against opponents of ALEC], which gave us a lot of courage to say, ‘We can do this, we can push back, and we can answer to these companies that are kind of caving to the intimidation and to the games that are being played.’ Lisa Nelson, CEO of ALEC, describes herself as a catalyst for changes that have made the organization more transparent. (Photo: American Legislative Exchange Council) Progressive groups have had their eyes on ALEC for years, but they ramped up pressure on its corporate members after the 2012 shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida. ALEC has said it based model legislation for states on Florida’s “Stand Your Ground” law, which allows someone who feels threatened to “meet force with force, including deadly force.” Critics said that law protected George Zimmerman, who a jury found not guilty in the fatal shooting of Martin. One month after Martin’s death, the group Color of Change, co-founded by Rashad Robinson and Van Jones, a former adviser to President Barack Obama, sent letters to CEOs and boards of corporations—among them Amazon, Coca-Cola, John Deere, McDonald’s, Pepsi, Procter & Gamble, Wendy’s, and Visa—they suspected were ALEC members. Facing ‘Corporate Blackmail’ Nelson, who worked at Visa at the time, saw a letter Color of Change sent to Joseph Saunders, then-CEO of Visa, and the corporation’s board of directors. “Our members and our allies have been calling on companies to stop supporting the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), and we have promised them that we will publicly hold accountable corporations that continue to fund ALEC,” the letter read. Color of Change’s letter went on to warn the targeted companies that it planned to run radio ads to “make consumers aware” of their relationships with ALEC and the “policies it supports.” The letter added: “We plan to begin running these ads soon on Black radio stations across the country. We also plan to make the media aware of this ad campaign.” Included were links to audio recordings of the radio ads, which accused ALEC of “attacking the rights of black folks, Latinos, and workers in states across the country.” The letter was “corporate blackmail,” Nelson says, and she urged Saunders not to cower to the threats. She recalls: The conversation with my CEO was literally, ‘We are not going to let them bully us … and we’re not going to let them tell us who we can be members of and who we can’t.’ If you buckle into something like this and into a tactic like this, then who’s to say what’s next? Visa ended up continuing its relationship with ALEC. Other corporations, including Amazon and Wal-Mart in 2012 and Google in 2014, folded. Since taking over ALEC in 2014, Nelson says, she has proactively had conversations with leaders of member companies as the attacks have continued. “If business doesn’t stand up for itself in its right to engage in this debate and this dialogue, then they’re going to lose their ability to do that,” Nelson says. “It’s frustrating to see that a company could kind of lay down so easily.” ‘The Water Is Warm’ One of Nelson’s original goals for ALEC was to grow the organization both in terms of public members—state lawmakers—and private members—corporations, small businesses, trade associations, and think tanks. And though she has served as the group’s top executive for only two years—and in spite of the high-profile exits—ALEC’s membership has climbed. The organization grew by 17 percent in private-sector membership, with 28 companies joining. ALEC currently has more than 200 private members. In 2016, according to the group, it added 360 new legislators to the ranks and had 600 first-time attendees at its annual conference in Indiana. ALEC also is expanding into new policy arenas. Through its Center for Innovation and Technology, the organization is fostering discussions around the gig, or shared, economy. Additionally, Nelson says, ALEC will focus on issues of free speech, academic freedom, and donor privacy. In recent years, liberal activist groups have sought to force ALEC and other nonprofits with whom they disagree to disclose donors. Opponents of such efforts say the goal is to intimidate donors and chill free speech. Nelson says she firmly believes ALEC exists to foster debate among legislators and to help them land “in the right place.” She says: It’s all fair in love and war, and in the area of policy and debates. We want to have debate on all sides of any issue. We want to bring in all the people on all sides. And while some organizations may shy away from the heated opposition that has plagued ALEC, Nelson has just one thing to say to her group’s detractors: Join. “The water,” she says, “is warm.” The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print @MelissaQuinn97 Melissa Quinn Melissa Quinn is a senior news reporter for The Daily Signal. Send an email to Melissa. Related InternationalCommentary The Pathway Out of Paris PoliticsCommentary After Royally Screwing Up the Election, the Media Want Control Over Your Facebook News Energy Commentary Debunking Leonardo DiCaprio’s Climate Change Documentary Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
11:23 AM Fri, Nov. 18th Weather  46.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Neighbors Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Daily News Email Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submit Subscriber Services (Starts-Stops) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) Today's Ads (Flyerboard) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Obituary: John R Cooper Sr. John R Cooper Sr. Originally Published: September 18, 2016 6 a.m. Share Tweet John R. Cooper, Sr., 85, Prescott’s historically elected First African/ American City Councilman (1997-1999) and Mayor Pro Tempore (1999-2001) passed away on August 4, 2016 at Good Samaritan Marley House in Prescott of complications from a rare, Cortico Basal Syndrone, brain disorder (PSP). “Dick” as he was best known was born October 14, 1930 in Wyoming, Ohio the third of five children, to Geneva and William Cooper. He is survived by his wife of sixty-one years, Lula, daughters Alicia Assefa, El Cerrito, California, Ellen and Lynn Cooper of Wilmington, Delaware and son, John R. Cooper, Jr. of Marysville, Ohio, six grandchildren, Jordan Cooper, Alexander Brown, Tatiana Assefa, Altagracia, Paloma, Alexis and Makenzie Cooper, a brother, Stewart K. Cooper and family of Decatur, Georgia and sister, Barbara Cooper Hodge and family of Wyoming, Ohio and many nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by step sister, Mary Frances Keeter of Prescott and Tucson, sister, Alice Cooper Thurman of Cincinnati, Ohio, step brother, James Laine of Winchester, Kentucky and brother, William K. Cooper of Baltimore, Maryland and Tucson, Arizona. Educated in Wyoming, Ohio Public Schools, he was graduated from high school in 1948, a National Merit Scholar, president of his senior class, Band clarinetist and member of the “Wyoming Cowboys” football team. He attended Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut on a four year academic scholarship; received his B.S. in Chemistry in 1952 and was made a member of Yale’s Alpha XI Chapter of the Phi Lampbda Upsilon Honorary Chemistry Society. Dick and Lula married in 1954 two years after he entered Graduate School at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio. At UC he was a Proctor and Gamble Fellow and received his PhD in Organic Chemistry in 1956. The Cooper Family of three then, moved to Wilmington, Delaware where Dick worked thirty-five years employed by the E. I. DuPont Company. He had seventeen patents and retired as Director of Environmental Affairs. In 1992, Dick moved to Prescott and as a volunteer, chaired the Boards of SCORE (Service Corps of Retired Executives), the ADULT CENTER and the PUBLIC ACCESS CHANNEL. He helped raise funding for the NATURE CENTER and the Adult Center. As City Councilman and Mayor Pro Tempore he worked with Prescott’s Fire Department, helped solve Citizens’ concerns, especially the Sandretto Hills drainage problem, represented Prescott at the “Sister Cities” activities in Caborca, Mexico and served as a member of NACOG (Northern Arizona Council of Governments) Board. When he ran for Mayor Dick’s slogan was “He Puts People First”. A Memorial for Prescott’s “Dick Cooper” will be held Friday, September 23, 2016 at the The Adult Center of Prescott, 1280 Rosser Street, Prescott from 12-2 p.m. Information provided by survivors. Sign in to favorite this Discuss 3 comments More like this story Former Prescott councilman left legacy of ‘putting people first’ Column: Dick Cooper was leader, ‘great warrior’ Conflict-of-interest claims continue to surface in election Birth: Mackenzie Rose Strong 69CCC, Harkins dispute letter; Mall issue keeps mayoral race hopping Sign in to comment Comments Comments are not posted immediately. Submissions must adhere to our Use of Service Terms of Use agreement. Rambling or nonsensical comments may not be posted. In order for us to reasonably manage this feature we may limit excessive comment entries. Bearcub13 2 months ago Editor, Why is this obit not also in the news section???? Upvote 1 Add photo Post reply Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal iloveprescott 2 months ago Very good point. Upvote 0 Add photo Post reply Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal MOST READ 7 days 30 days Child dies in Highway 89 accident Teacher, boyfriend charged in drug case Game show dream comes true Fatal accident shuts down Highway 89 in Chino Valley Good or bad, $10 an hour coming soon NEED2KNOW: Nastee Dogs remodeling; Chipotle fundraiser; Black Hole Beer Company being sold; hiring events PROTECTING PRESCOTT: Firebreak finished after 43 years Murder suspect extradited from California, now in Camp Verde jail Prescott’s skatepark closes for a week over vandalism, behavior issues Trump wins Arizona, picks up 11 more electoral votes Prescott Valley sex trafficking operation busted Child dies in Highway 89 accident Obituary: Alexander James Knapp DPS: 4 hurt seriously when cattle hauler strikes 23 cars on I-17 Prescott Valley family coping with injuries from Sunday’s 24-vehicle crash Two caught in drug bust; another suspect sought DPS: 4 hurt seriously when truck strikes 23 cars on I-17 Hotshots memorial trail nearly complete; path expected to be open Nov. 29 Election results - Yavapai County, Arizona Teacher, boyfriend charged in drug case SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Daily News Email Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The Daily Courier and Western News & Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   Shampoo Market: Study Applications, Types and Market Analysis including Growth, Trends and Forecasts to 2021 In depth analysis of Shampoo Market is a crucial thing for various stake holders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others.   Shampoo Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 18, 2016 ) The Shampoo Market research report is a resource, which provides technical and financial details of the Shampoo industry. Browse detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Shampoo Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/global-shampoo-sales-market-report-2020-10257426 To begin with, the report elaborates the Shampoo market overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Shampoo market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Next part of the Shampoo market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process of whole Shampoo. Get Sample PDF of Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10257426 Along with consumption. Import and export data for following countries is given:  North America  China  Europe  Japan  India  Southeast Asia After the basic information about Shampoo market, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Shampoo Industry growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Following are the key players covered in this research report in Shampoo Market. L'OREAL P&G Estee Lauder Shiseido Unilever LVMH Chanel Korea amore Pacific Group Schwarzkopf and many more Purchase Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/checkout/10257426 Further in the report, the Shampoo market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Shampoo market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Shampoo Industry key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. For Pre-Order Enquiry, Ask @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10257426 In this Shampoo Market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. No. of Report pages: 126 Price of Report: $4000 (Single User Licence) Ask for Discount @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10257426 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
null
null
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market to Grow 16.70% by 2020 - Driven by Growth of M-commerce & Network Marketing - Research and Markets 17.09.2016 | 12:42 (0 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market to Grow 16.70% by 2020 - Driven by Growth of M-commerce & Network Marketing - Research and Markets DUBLIN, September 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Online Beauty and Personal Care Market 2016-2020" report to their offering. The report forecasts the global online beauty and personal care market to grow at a CAGR of 16.70% during the period 2016-2020. The report has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Rise in demand for dermocosmetic products will be a key trend for market growth. Dermocosmetics are products that combine cosmetic action with dermatological functions. It is a branch of dermatology concerned with the aesthetic appearance of the skin. The segment has doubled in the last 15 years, from 2.2% to 4.4% of the global beauty market. Western Europe represents almost 60% of the dermocosmetics market. Currently, France is the market leader in terms of revenue, followed by Italy, Germany, and Spain. Worldwide demand for dermocosmetic products has grown in the last five years. According to the report, one of the key drivers for market growth will be high rate of internet and smartphone penetration and increase in online spending. As of 2014, the internet penetration rate (percentage-to-population) in the US was 87.4%. Approximately 279 million people in the US were internet users; this number is the third-largest globally, after China and India. Users in the US spend more time online per capita than other users globally. An average US internet user spends more than 90 hours online per week, which is almost five times the global average. Also, broadband penetration in the country has increased recently with the growth of both fixed and wireless broadband connections. This high amount of time spent by US consumers online is encouraging beauty and personal care marketers to expand their product offerings through digital platforms. Further, the report states that increasing webrooming will be a challenge for the market. Key vendors: Amazon Estée Lauder L'Oréal Procter & Gamble Sephora Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Market research methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by product PART 07: Geographical segmentation PART 08: Key leading countries PART 09: Market drivers PART 10: Impact of drivers PART 11: Market challenges PART 12: Impact of drivers and challenges PART 13: Market trends PART 14: Vendor landscape PART 15: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/czn977/global_online Related Topics: Personal Care Products Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Home & Garden posted: 9/18/2016 7:01 AM A collectible you can bank on Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   This coin bank was originally a Nestle Chocolate Nesquick container.   Stetson China Co., a family-operated company, was founded in 1919.   By Anne McCollam Q. I read one of your recent columns regarding the Tootsie Roll bank. I'm in a similar situation, and I'm hoping you can shine some light. Attached is a picture of a bank that I have. I am 61, and I believe I've had it since I was about 10. The bank was originally a Nestle Chocolate Nesquik container. We always had Nesquik in the house, and once the container was empty we used it as a bank. The sides are cardboard, and the top and bottom are metal. There is a slit in the top for inserting coins. It can hold about $150 worth of change. It's quite heavy when full, but it has never showed any sign of giving out. It's really amazing that I have held onto it for some 50 years and that it's still in great shape. A couple of years ago I sent a picture to Nestle Group inquiring about its history. The response I received said that no one had any record of the bank promotion. I found that rather odd. Surely, there must be a record somewhere. I can't be the only person who has one. I had pretty much given up hope until I saw your column Your thoughts on its history would be appreciated. I'm not foolish enough to think that it has any value. It would just be nice to know whether I own a rare piece of Nestle memorabilia. A. Nestle was founded in Switzerland by pharmacist Henri Nestle in 1867. He began producing an innovative baby food formula. After being in competition with the Anglo-Saxon Condensed Milk Company, the two companies merged in 1905 to form Nestle Group. In 1948, the powdered milk mix Nesquik was introduced. It was marketed as an easy-to-make drink fortified with vitamins for children. Strawberry-flavored Nesquik was added in the 1950s, followed by banana and vanilla. In addition to Nesquik, the company makes candy bars, syrup and cereal. Your Nesquik bank was made circa 1960s and has been sold online for anywhere from $10 to $40. Q. This mark is on a set of dinnerware that belonged to my grandmother. She bought it in the late 1950s. It is decorated with wheat against a cream background. The set includes dinner plates, salad plates, cereal bowls, berry bowls, two serving bowls, and cups and saucers. What can you tell me about its value? A. Stetson China Co. was founded in 1919. A family-operated company, Stetson sold dinnerware in department stores. Sets were also made for Procter & Gamble to be sold as premiums for purchases. Your set would probably be worth between $130 and $200. • Address your questions to Anne McCollam, P.O. Box 247, Notre Dame, IN 46556. Items of a general interest will be answered in this column. Due to the volume of inquiries, she cannot answer individual letters. © 2016, Creators Syndicate Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Life & Entertainment Home & Garden Decor Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Freitag, 18.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»India Oral Care Products (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash) Market Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2021 - Research and Markets 17.09.2016 | 11:40 (2 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) PR Newswire·Mehr Nachrichten von PR Newswire India Oral Care Products (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash) Market Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2021 - Research and Markets DUBLIN, August 30, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "India Oral Care Products Market By Product Type (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash and Others), Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2011-2021" report to their offering. The oral care products market in India is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 6% during 2016 - 2021. With growing concerns regarding oral hygiene among Indian citizens, the country's oral care products market has been registering healthy growth rate over last decade. An increasing number of companies are launching various new and innovative products to address demand emanating from a broad cross-section of consumers. Increasing penetration of oral care products in rural areas is anticipated to positively influence the market in India over the next five years. Moreover, a growing number of oral care product manufacturers are shelling out more on marketing activities for increasing their brand promotion and visibility across various parts of the country. Factors like growing urbanization, increasing disposable income and strong demand from urban and semi-urban areas of the country is attracting leading global players, thereby further contributing to the growth of India oral care products market. On the basis of product type, the market has been segmented into five categories, which include toothpaste, toothbrush, mouthwash, tooth powder and other oral care products. Among these categories, toothpaste segment dominated the country's oral care products market in 2015, and the segment is anticipated to maintain its dominance over the next five years as well. Few of the leading players operating in the India oral care products market include Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd., Hindustan Unilever Limited, Dabur India Limited and Patanjali Ayurved. India Oral Care Products Market By Product Type, Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2011 - 2021 discusses India Oral Care Products Market Size, Share & Forecast Segmental Analysis - By Product Type (Toothbrush, Toothpaste, Tooth Powder, Mouthwash & Others) Policy & Regulatory Landscape Changing Market Trends & Emerging Opportunities Competitive Landscape & Strategic Recommendations Market Trend and Developments Increasing Demand for Herbal Oral Care Products Growing Demand for Mouthwashes Premiumisation of Oral Care Products Continuous Innovations to Make Products More Effective Shift towards Health and Cosmetic Benefits Companies Mentioned Amway India Enterprises Pvt Ltd Colgate-Palmolive (India) Ltd Dabur India Limited GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare Ltd Hindustan Unilever Limited Johnson & Johnson (India) Ltd Patanjali Ayurved Ltd Procter and Gamble India The Himalaya Drug Company Vicco Laboratories For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/rwndhj/india_oral_care Related Topics: Oral Care Products Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 © 2016 PR Newswire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
