MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Another step taken toward big tax breaks for Watermark Center development Print Email Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com By Lynn Moore | lmoore8@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on September 14, 2016 at 3:22 PM, updated September 15, 2016 at 9:09 AM comments MUSKEGON, MI – Additional steps toward granting substantial tax incentives for the next phase of redevelopment at the Watermark Center have been taken by the Muskegon City Commission. The commission voted 4-2 Tuesday to establish a Neighborhood Enterprise Zone for the former Shaw-Walker buildings on West Western Avenue. Next month, the commission is expected to vote on the actual NEZ certificate, that would provide tax abatements totaling several million dollars over 15 years. The abatement is critical to the project, said Muskegon City Manager Frank Peterson. P & G Holdings announced in July a $33 million plan to develop apartments and an entertainment complex in the old office furniture factory. Peterson said he would be "very, very surprised" if the project went forward without the abatement, which is needed to trigger such state incentives as an estimated $7.5 million in Brownfield reimbursements and Community Revitalization Program grants and/or loans that could equal up to 25 percent of the project costs. "Absent the incentives, we can be confident that the development will not occur," Peterson said. The NEZ would freeze taxes on the residential portion of the project, which involves development of 128 apartments. The commission previously established an obsolete property (OPRA) district for the property that would freeze for 10 years taxes on the nonresidential portion of the project. An OPRA certificate also is expected to be decided by the commission next month. P & G has indicated that nonresidential development could include a restaurant; commercial, retail and office space; and such entertainment as bowling, laser tag, cybersports, a trampoline park and indoor mountain biking. The Watermark Center already has condos and apartments in addition to an event center and coffee shop. $33 million indoor entertainment, apartments announced for Shaw Walker building If the commission approves the NEZ and OPRA certificates, an estimated $2 million to $4.5 million in tax savings would be realized by the Watermark owners for 15 years, Peterson said. A Brownfield tax capture could then kick in and would reimburse such eligible expenses as demolition, abatement of lead paint and removal of asbestos. The lack of a plan for the oldest, historic section of the property, a five-story building at the corner of Western and Division Street, prompted commissioners Ken Johnson and Willie German to vote against the NEZ.  Commissioner Byron Turnquist was not present at Tuesday's meeting. Johnson wanted a commitment that P & G would address the oldest building's "eyesore" appearance, perhaps by finishing a building wrap. Johnson said the wrap would cost about $30,000 compared to demolition of the building that would cost $150,000. Nevertheless, a spokesman for P & G told the commission that if the city ordered blight abatement of the old building, P & G would "simply tear it down." That irked Johnson who said the response was "disconcerting," especially considering the historic nature of the building. "I don't' think it's too much to ask that you address that corner building in a blight abatement aspect," he said. Watermark plans don't include part of highly visible Western Avenue frontage German wanted the building to be included in the current project. "If you're going to do a project this huge, I would think you would want to complete the whole project," German said. Peterson said P & G intends to use the two years it will take to complete the announced projects to figure out a use or potential buyer for the five-story corner building. As a precaution, the city would require P & G put aside money to pay for the building's demolition as a last resort, Peterson said.   Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 9 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 10 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? P&G Hires New Global Media Director From Mondelez in Push to Hire More Outside Talent By Jack Neff. Published on September 14, 2016. Reprints Reprints Gerry D'Angelo. Credit: Procter & Gamble Co. Delivering on a promise to hire more talent from outside -- even in marketing -- Procter & Gamble Co. has hired a Mondelez executive as its new global media director. Gerry D'Angelo, currently the top European media executive for Mondelez International, who also handles global partnerships with Google and Facebook, has been named to the newly created role of global media director at P&G. He'll report to Doreen Bayliff, VP-worldwide brand operations, in the new role and oversee the world's biggest media budget. P&G spent $7.2 billion on advertising for the fiscal year ended June 30, up 0.8% and 11% of its $65.3 billion in global sales. "We welcome Gerry D'Angelo to the P&G family in our quest to be out front in our brand-building media capabilities," said Global Brand Officer Marc Pritchard in a statement. "He is a highly experienced and effective media executive with a great track record." Related Stories P&G Will Hire More From Outside, Including Marketers, New CEO Says More Marketing-Service Shakeups at P&G as Glock Retires "Throughout the company's history, P&G has been an advertising and media innovator," said Mr. D'Angelo in a statement. "I look forward to partnering with world-class marketing professionals and agency partners to harness data and technology into game-changing approaches for one of the world's most respected and well-known companies." Mr. D'Angelo has been director of media, Europe, for Mondelez since 2009, adding the global digital media partnerships duties in December, according to his LinkedIn profile. Prior to that he was European media director for Samsung , head of marketing and customer insight for the BSkyB network and group media director at Samsung. The ranks of seasoned P&G media executives have thinned in recent years, and the company hasn't had a similarly experienced global media executive since Bernhard Glock left his post as VP-global media and communications in 2009. Julie Eddleman, another longtime P&G media executive who previously oversaw North American media, left the company for Google in 2014. In an address to the Consumer Analyst Group of New York in February, P&G Chairman-CEO David Taylor said the company would be looking to bring in more outside talent, which company representatives later said would include marketing. Prior outside hires for the historically promote-from-within company have focused largely on technical areas and sales. But in 2014, P&G brought in former Merck executive Craig Buchholz as VP-global company communications, the highest-ranking PR role under Mr. Pritchard. In this article: Ad Tech Agencies Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home Blogs & Comment The new rules of social media influencer marketing The new rules of social media influencer marketing Putting your brand into the hands of a social media influencer can be a high-risk, high-reward proposition. Here’s how some top marketers approach it now Sep 6, 2016 Amy Laski   YouTube star Troye Sivan meeting fans at Fan Fest 2015. Brand marketers are still figuring out how best to manage relationships with influencers like Sivan. (Don Arnold/Getty) If only we still watched daytime soap operas. I can’t say I’ve ever felt compelled to watch them myself—but as a business owner and marketer in today’s highly fragmented media landscape, I must admit that simpler times—when the original “sponsored content” could reach millions every day—have a certain appeal. It was 1933, after all, when Procter & Gamble began producing sensationalized radio dramas as a way to deliver its advertising to homemakers, and it later made the leap to television (the company went on to produce blockbuster soap operas like Another World, As The World Turns, and Guiding Light). This innovation helped P&G captivate a vast audience of housewives each afternoon and attain market leadership against key competitor Lever Brothers. If you were a marketer in the mid-20th century, you could devote most of your budget to one source that was clearly and explicitly advertising, then call it a day. For decades, the dominant model of marketing has been brands “talking to” consumers, as they did in the golden age of soap operas. Brands would transmit a message, without any sort of expectation by consumers of conversation or reciprocity. Being “engaged” with a brand meant buying it, and little else. Now, consumers expect a brand to “talk with” them, to engage them beyond the functional benefits of a product and into the transcendental benefits of being associated with that brand. Like it or not, two-way, consultative conversations are considered table stakes today. Brands that don’t open themselves up to these conversations risk appearing dated and impervious. As a result, the old “outreach” model is dead. It has to evolve into an “inreach” approach, whereby the former recipients of marketing communications are “insourced,” or embedded within a brand’s core processes, from planning through execution. Optimism is the heart of great marketing Yet, our mission as marketers remains the same. Canadian Business marketing columnist Bruce Philp said it best: “We still show up for work in the morning to make something people want, present it to those people and sell it to them at a price that leaves everybody satisfied. The tools for doing it have evolved continuously for a century, but the essence of marketing is the same as it ever was.” Putting this into play, however, can pose a major challenge for business leaders today. Successful brands need to engage their audiences and stakeholders in two-way conversations. But according to the fifth McKinsey & Company Global Survey on external affairs,”[engaging external stakeholders] ranks as a top or top three priority for more than half of CEOs…yet only 17 percent say their companies are very effective at tailoring their narratives.” While social media makes it easier to reach target audiences, it’s getting more challenging to engage and influence them. So what are some of the new rules of engagement? And what tools and solutions are proving effective, particularly when it comes to working with bloggers, influencers, content creators, and media? As our thoughts turn to nailing down plans for the year ahead, it’s a good time to start thinking about these new rules of engagement. I checked in with some of our client partners and respected brand leaders for their take on today’s marketing landscape, and what we can all be doing to best navigate it. Made to measure…but what? At General Mills, Associate Marketing Manager Nicole Korb says several of the company’s brands work directly with influencers and bloggers, a trend that is, without question, continuing to gain momentum. “As marketers, we’re obsessed with measurement. We want to see how any given ‘lever’ we’ve pulled can impact sales. Ideally, we’d want to see how sales have increased based on our work with influencers. I haven’t seen that so far, but we respect the work of influencers more and more, because we see the impact [on engagement metrics] when an influencer shares our content.” For example, General Mills works with Bewitchin’ Kitchen and Dinner with Julie for its “Life Made Delicious” social platform. These bloggers concoct new recipes each month using a variety of the company’s products, then blog about them. Looking at numbers alone when evaluating an influencer partnership may not actually be that effective, given followers can be “bought.” The focus should be in quality vs. quantity: fit with your brand, engagement levels and the composition of the influencer’s viewership or readership. And like any prospective investment, brands should still begin with their bottom line business goals and then use those to orient communications goals and strategies. These may be measurable in dollars and percentage points, or improved brand perception and purchase intent over time. From transaction to trust While even a few years ago it would have been deemed unethical to “buy” media coverage (unless of course it was clearly labeled “advertorial”), today, there are entire companies dedicated to enabling brand leaders to buy coverage from so-called social influencers. These influencers have earned loyal followings based on their unique points-of-view and the compelling ways in which they express them. But, while they may have “earned” the right to be paid for the content they create, is the resulting content deemed credible by consumers? That remains uncertain. How new rules could change Canada’s social media marketing landscape Pay-to-play transactional content may have a place in an integrated communications plan, but should not be the only pillar. Furthermore, both sides of the proverbial coin benefit from a policy of full disclosure when payment has been exchanged for content. While this has been mandated in the United States, here in Canada consumers will still have to sift through it all for themselves and make their own decisions about what can be trusted and what cannot, at least until early 2017 when Advertising Standards Canada plans to introduce disclosure rules here. Even when these are in place, it is questionable whether sponsored content will be discernible, particularly since the non-compliance process and consequences are as murky as disclosure is for many influencers. In our team’s work with creators (bloggers, YouTubers, Instagrammers and the like) we have heard, time and again, that they’re eager to establish longer-term relationships with brands, rather than “pay to play” transactional ones. This desire is echoed on the brand side as well. According to Holly deGraaf, Interim General Manager and Director, Retail Operations and Public Relations at Ten Thousand Villages Canada, “The highest [impact is made] when what [bloggers] share and write doesn’t look like— [or better yet, isn’t]—a paid endorsement. The beauty of many bloggers is that their followers feel like they are connecting with a friend. To sully that by having too much of a paid content feel could be detrimental.” The penultimate goal is to strike the right balance to produce paid or company-generated content as good as high-quality editorial, such that it will be embraced by consumers. Many brands either err too much on the “advertorial” side, where consumers tune out veritable propaganda, or the content is too soft and fails to set up the story to sell-in the product. An example of a brand that’s getting it right is Ontario’s liquor distributor, the LCBO, with its glossy magazine Food & Drink. Graham Robertson is the former VP Marketing with Johnson & Johnson Canada and is now President and CMO at Beloved Brands. He says, he “doesn’t know why anyone would want to follow a media outlet that just pumps out sponsored content all the time. If only one out of every 10 messages is authentic, they will be losing followers.” Nicole Korb from General Mills weighs in: “Right now, we treat PR [and influencer/blogger relations] as a media buy, as a channel. There are increasingly opportunities to collaborate and co-create with influencers, and brands need to do more of that.” Crossing the line There’s no question that we’re in the age of information overload.  Robertson says, “There’s just too much out there. People are no longer seeking out news and knowledge, they are filtering through it. ” He looks forward to its evolution—a “settling down”—to a more credible, focused and consolidated, media environment. The five skills marketers of the future will need As communicators, marketers, media, stakeholders and influencers all navigate this new ecosystem, one thing is certain: collaboration is a necessity for doing business today and going forward. We need to shift our approach from the old-school “outreach” model to an “in-reach” model, which actively cultivates and incorporates the thoughts of influencers and stakeholders in every facet of business, from product development to content co-creation to crisis communications. Mattel did this last year in their quest to evolve Barbie into a more true-to-life body type: They brought together a group of carefully selected female leaders, including Canadian icon Erica Ehm. In a series of meetings at Mattel headquarters with top decision-makers, these women not only helped shepherd major changes for the Barbie brand in a way that would resonate with parents and their kids, but also fostered fandom amongst the female leaders who took part. As Ehm said, “I’m so proud to have played a tiny part in re-imagining Barbie to become a doll that girls can see themselves in, no matter their size, shape or colour.” This inreach model—or as our team is calling it, our “content collective approach”—is mutually beneficial. So when you’re sitting down at the table to plan for 2017 and beyond, you’ll want to have the right people who influence your target’s opinions—and your bottom line—at the table, engaged in the right way. No soap opera dramatics necessary. Amy Laski is founder and president of Felicity [Inspiring Communications], a communications and content agency based in Toronto. Prior to starting Felicity, Amy worked at Coca-Cola Canada and at several leading Canadian PR agencies. Meet Steam Whistle's social media “Fairy Beer Mother” MORE ABOUT MARKETING & ADVERTISING: Trump fears have been a marketing goldmine for these Canadian companies Flipp CEO Wehuns Tan on the personalized future of coupons Why great customer service is the best kind of marketing Meet Steam Whistle’s social media “Fairy Beer Mother” There’s no such thing as “digital marketing” anymore What to do when your celebrity spokesperson is caught in a scandal If you don’t have a brand, you don’t truly have a purpose Companies are starting to see the limits of digital marketing How giving freebies to bloggers can backfire Art and Science are waging a war for marketing’s soul How marketers are responding to the rise of ad-blocking Like Us Follow @cdnbiz Subscribe with Texture shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Comments are closed. Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
Friday, November 18, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? × Ariel Investments' John Rogers is on a mission: Opening doors for minorities So what will Trump actually do with the presidency? Walgreens is hurting rival CVS, but is it helping itself? Point: We need a balanced budget. Now. Illinois' budget is not a game to win or lose Here's what $2.5 million buys in Irving Park Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side With diversity, Big Law must lead the way So is Uptake the next big thing in Chicago? Her fundraising philosophy: Ask everyone you know × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Academy & Events Crain’s Academy Crain’s Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management September 14, 2016 Comments Email Print SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Photo by P&G Gerry D'Angelo P&G hires new global media director from Mondelez Delivering on a promise to hire more talent from outside—even in marketing—Procter & Gamble Co. has hired a Mondelez executive as its new global media director. Gerry D'Angelo, currently the top European media executive for Mondelez International, who also handles global partnerships with Google and Facebook, has been named to the newly created role of global media director at P&G. He'll report to Doreen Bayliff, VP-worldwide brand operations, in the new role and oversee the world's biggest media budget. P&G spent $7.2 billion on advertising for the fiscal year ended June 30, up 0.8% and 11% of its $65.3 billion in global sales. "We welcome Gerry D'Angelo to the P&G family in our quest to be out front in our brand-building media capabilities," said Global Brand Officer Marc Pritchard in a statement. "He is a highly experienced and effective media executive with a great track record." "Throughout the company's history, P&G has been an advertising and media innovator," said Mr. D'Angelo in a statement. "I look forward to partnering with world-class marketing professionals and agency partners to harness data and technology into game-changing approaches for one of the world's most respected and well-known companies." Mr. D'Angelo has been director of media, Europe, for Mondelez since 2009, adding the global digital media partnerships duties in December, according to his LinkedIn profile. Prior to that he was European media director for Samsung , head of marketing and customer insight for the BSkyB network and group media director at Samsung. The ranks of seasoned P&G media executives have thinned in recent years, and the company hasn't had a similarly experienced global media executive since Bernhard Glock left his post as VP-global media and communications in 2009. Julie Eddleman, another longtime P&G media executive who previously oversaw North American media, left the company for Google in 2014. In an address to the Consumer Analyst Group of New York in February, P&G Chairman-CEO David Taylor said the company would be looking to bring in more outside talent, which company representatives later said would include marketing. Prior outside hires for the historically promote-from-within company have focused largely on technical areas and sales. But in 2014, P&G brought in former Merck executive Craig Buchholz as VP-global company communications, the highest-ranking PR role under Mr. Pritchard. This article first appeared on the website of Crain's sister publication Ad Age. Mondelez International Inc. Advertising and Marketing Media Technology Advertising Technology Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Onion CEO takes over sales across Fusion Media Group Leadership changes at Crain's Chicago Business Steve Harvey's show leaving Chicago Tronc chairman's group buys more shares Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual CrunchiesCelebrate Startups At TechCrunch's Awards Show This February Grab Your Tickets Today Disrupt SF 2016 September 12 - 14, 2016 | Pier 48, San Francisco, CA Coverage Video Speakers Agenda Battlefield Apps Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies Browse more... Instacart Instacart reverses course, re-introducing tips for shoppers Contractors are preparing to boycott Instacart over elimination of tips FreshDirect raises $189 million for grocery delivery Browse more... TechCrunch Disrupt SF MOTI wants to help build positive habits with a little glowing robot Myki rolls out a password manager that locks all your info away on your phone Create hassle-free slideshow presentations online with Slides Browse more... techcrunch disrupt sf 2016 Meet Snugb Tulip, a smart baby cam to monitor your little one’s health MOTI wants to help build positive habits with a little glowing robot Guess what Dog PC does Browse more... Apoorva Mehta Instacart reverses course, re-introducing tips for shoppers Celebrate entrepreneurship at Disrupt SF 2016 with Apoorva Mehta, Emmett Shear and Sebastian Thrun Browse more... How Apoorva Mehta hopes to build an Instacart empire with a promoted ad business Posted Sep 14, 2016 by Matthew Lynley (@mattlynley) 0 SHARES Next Story GitHub gets built-in project management tools and support for formal reviews Instacart is one of the most well-known companies in what can be an extremely difficult on-demand delivery economy. It’s known for being one of the pioneers of a new age of online grocery delivery, especially in light of the previous failure of companies like Webvan, but it’s going to have a long uphill battle to profitability and sustainability. Instacart CEO Apoorva Mehta, however, says he thinks the company can get to cash-flow positive in the next year, and that’s thanks to the company’s attempt at bringing in a diverse number of revenue streams instead of just relying on a cut of the transaction costs. He tried to hammer that point home on stage at TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2016 today. “We have partnerships with hundreds of retailers who also do a revenue share with us, but we also have CPG companies such as Pepsi, Proctor & Gamble, who promote their products on Instacart,” Mehta said. “As a result of that we have a third source of revenue most people forget about. The key point here is that all on-demand companies do not look the same.” There’s certainly logic to the argument. The existing promotion method for CPG companies is coupons, in which there’s little targeting and it’s not clear if it’s acquiring new customers. With analytics from Instacart, those companies could better target products against customers that might be more likely to buy those products, and in turn become loyal customers and keep driving additional revenue. Related Articles Watch the last day of Disrupt SF live right here! Apply now to the Startup Battlefield at Disrupt London These are the six finalists in the TechCrunch Disrupt SF 2016 Startup Battlefield Stephen Curry on social media, charity and robotic referees In 2014, the company raised additional financing at a valuation of $2 billion. But if you talk to Silicon Valley watchers, the company is not in a good place. On-demand companies in general can have punishingly low margins, and managing growth, securing new partnerships and finding a way to operate profitably or at least break-even is one of the most difficult parts of the space. Earlier this year, there were reports that Whole Foods was investing in the company. disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4077 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4078 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4081 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4083 disrupt_sf16_apoorva_mehta-4086  View Slideshow Previous Next Exit   The company attempts to have a three-pronged revenue strategy: partnerships with grocery stores to drive additional traffic, advertising with consumer packaged goods companies, and then the fees from the customer. But in the next few years that CPG advertising may grow to be a huge portion of the company’s revenue. It begs the question as to whether the company, with those other two revenue streams, may be able to reduce the cost on the customer to zero. Of course, that’d be a good thing for the customer — and create the opportunity for more deliveries. And as the company makes its deliveries more efficient, drivers can deliver more products, and then handle more orders per hour and theoretically make more money. That’s Mehta’s justification for a recent drop in wages. “Four years ago when I started this company none of these things existed,” Mehta said on stage. “You couldn’t get groceries delivered in one hour, you couldn’t get them delivered from all grocery stores in a market. Today Instacart does this, as a result of that we grew to get to this point very, very fast. We went from having three markets to 15 — when you grow so fast obviously you’re going to have adjustments you’re going to have to make. When we think about the wage changes, the reason we had to do so, the wages made sense in three markets did’nt make sense for 15 markets.” Instacart has a heavy presence in the Bay Area at least. The company secures Instacart-only express lanes for its couriers in order to shorten the delivery time for its products. Eventually, it wants to offer a “bypass checkout” option for its couriers, allowing its couriers to skip the register. This is all in an attempt to lower the time between orders, increasing the frequency of which it can sell products and take off a share of those purchases. Instacart isn’t the only company in the on-demand space — nor is it one that’s facing challenges. But there are emerging competitors that are also raising large rounds of financing like Postmates, which is raising at least $100 million in a new round of financing that isn’t a down round, we reported earlier this month. Instacart launched out of Y Combinator in 2012. Managing the partnership minefield may be increasingly complex, especially with Whole Foods looking to take a share of the company. It’s going to have to grapple with the optics of favoritism, which might frustrate other potential and existing partners as it would encourage shoppers to gravitate toward faster-operating grocery providers for the shortest delivery time. In the end, it may make sense for Instacart to exist within the empire of a large grocery provider, but we’ll have to see where the outcome lands. Would Instacart sell to whole foods? Mehta says, at least for now, the answer is no: “The reality is that Instacart works with lots of different grocery stores, it just doesn’t make sense for us to even think about selling to a grocery store, not to mention as a company what we want to achieve, the best path for us it to continue being an independent company,” he said. We’ll see what the response is in a year or so, at least. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Apoorva Mehta Bio Apoorva Mehta is founder and CEO of Instacart, the fast-growing [retail delivery](http://www.instacart.com/) service whose workers hand pick and deliver items from trusted local stores. Originally launched in San Francisco and since expanded into many other cities, Instacart has fundamentally changed the traditional [grocery delivery](http://www.instacart.com/) space by connecting customers with shoppers … Full profile for Apoorva Mehta Instacart Founded 2012 Overview Instacart is a same-day grocery delivery startup offering delivery in as little as one hour. Focused on delivering groceries and home essentials, Instacart already has over 500,000 items from local stores in its catalogue. Customers can choose from a variety of local stores including Safeway, Whole Foods, Super Fresh, Harris Teeter, Shaw's, Mariano's, Jewel-Osco, Stanley's and Costco. Customers … Location San Francisco, CA Categories E-Commerce, Delivery, Same Day Delivery, Grocery Founders Brandon Leonardo, Apoorva Mehta, Max Mullen Website https://www.instacart.com Full profile for Instacart Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla Acquisition of SolarCity Approved | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes TechCrunch Disrupt SF techcrunch disrupt sf 2016 Instacart Apoorva Mehta Apps Popular Posts Featured Stories Japanese unicorn Mercari is gunning for eBay’s crown 1 hour ago | Haje Jan Kamps Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago | Sarah Perez Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago | Fitz Tepper Amazon Prime Video is finally going global to give Netflix some serious competition 12 hours ago | Jon Russell Latest From Startups Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 55 minutes ago | Sarah Perez 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 1 hour ago | Matthew Lynley Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 1 hour ago | Matthew Lynley Sesame Street’s VC fund makes its first investment in tutoring app Yup 2 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Comment moderation powered by Up Next GitHub gets built-in project management tools and support for formal reviews Posted Sep 14, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings iOS Developer (m/f) at eGym GmbH (Berlin, Deutschland) Director, Software Security @ Practice Fusion at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) Developer at CastleBranch (Wilmington, NC, United States) Infrastructure Engineer Tango at The Sourcery (Mountain View, CA, United States) Senior Software Engineer @ Pared at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google reverses its ‘digital death sentence’ for Pixel phone resellers 2 hours ago by Sarah Perez Here’s the 19th batch of 500 Startups companies 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Confirmed: DraftKings and FanDuel are merging into one company 3 hours ago by Fitz Tepper Microsoft joins the Linux Foundation Nov 16, 2016 by Frederic Lardinois Report: Apple asked manufacturing partners to explore making iPhones in the U.S. 8 hours ago by Jon Russell Airbnb is turning itself into an ‘experience’ machine beyond just booking places to stay 23 hours ago by Matthew Lynley Niantic’s new invite-only “Portal Recon” tool lets players vote real-world locations into Ingress yesterday by Greg Kumparak Shareholders approve Tesla acquisition of SolarCity 21 hours ago by Darrell Etherington 500 Startups ditches the ‘accelerator’ brand as it looks to differentiate 1 hour ago by Matthew Lynley Listen makes phone numbers smarter with auto-responders, muting, reminders and more 55 minutes ago by Sarah Perez
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 46 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Column: Why Aftab Pureval has my vote I am supporting Aftab Pureval, for Hamilton County Clerk of Courts in November. Post to Facebook Column: Why Aftab Pureval has my vote I am supporting Aftab Pureval, for Hamilton County Clerk of Courts in November.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2d0advx {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Column: Why Aftab Pureval has my vote 1:24 p.m. EDT September 14, 2016 Ann Neuer Community Press guest columnist I am active in Hamilton County politics, but until recently I had only a vague idea of what the clerk of courts does and why that job is critically important to our community. That all changed when I met Aftab Pureval. Who is he and why is he the best candidate for this office? Aftab is an attorney at Procter & Gamble, where he works collaboratively with business leaders for a billion-dollar brand. He is also a product of Ohio public schools, including University of Cincinnati College of Law, where he was an editor of the Law Review. After practicing law in Washington, D.C., he returned to his native Ohio, and to Hamilton County, in particular, to work as a special assistant U.S. attorney for the Department of Justice. In addition, the Cincinnati Business Courier recognized him in its prestigious 40 Under 40. These impressive credentials plus his passion for creating greater access to justice make Aftab a compelling candidate. He wants to leverage his strong business and legal background to bring innovation to an office that houses and archives all of the documents relating to court cases that come before the Court of Common Pleas and the Municipal Court. I’ve learned that the Hamilton County Clerk’s Office has an estimated 250 jobs, and processes more than $130 million annually. Aftab has been very vocal about the fact that the Hamilton County Clerk’s Office needs to be run much more efficiently and professionally-essentially like a small business. Specifically, he is calling for all public records to be available online. They are available at the courthouse now, but in today’s digital world, it hardly makes sense to continue an archaic process that requires people to take time off of work to go downtown to access physical papers. Using cutting edge technology, including introduction of mobile apps to access documents, it is time to modernize this process. Also on Aftab’s agenda is the creation of a “Legal Self-Help Center” that would provide a one-stop shop at the courthouse to address common legal issues, which forms need to be filled out, or how to make certain motions. This center will increase the number of people who can access the courts, making justice more available. Finally, Aftab wants to ensure that the jobs in the Clerk’s Office are competitive, attracting the best and brightest who are most able to provide our community with the help they need. This approach differs from how the office is run today, whereby jobs are awarded as political patronage. At a time when innovation and fresh thinking are key to bettering our community, Hamilton County needs someone who can make that difference. That someone is Aftab Pureval. Ann Neuer is a writer and lives in Blue Ash. Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2d0advx TOP VIDEOS 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Joe Deters: \u0022I didn't believe the tears for a second\u0022 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 Predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03

Welcome! Please Log In Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss   First Name Last Name   Required field.       Required field.       Zip Code E-mail Address   Required field.       Required field.       Password 8-24 characters, with one letter & one number No more than 4 repeating/consecutive characters   Required field.     Verify Password   Required field.     Yes! I'd like to receive your periodic e-newsletter, and information about new features, products and member benefits. What is your occupation or job title? Select... Accountant (CPA) Business Owner/Self Employed Executive (CEO,CIO,CFO,CTO) Consultant Engineer Financial Planner / Advisor (CFP,RIA) Financial Professional (Other) Insurance Agent (Other) Medical (MD, RN, etc.) Other Professional/Managerial Retired Sales / Marketing Stockbroker / Registered Rep (Series 7)   Required field.       Your registration indicates agreement to the Morningstar.com terms of use.         Already a Member? Please Log in.     Use your e-mail address and password to log in to the site.     E-mail Address     Password     Check this box and well automatically remember your login information.   If you have forgotten your e-mail address, please type your user name here, and type your password in the password field above.   User Name         Forget your password?  Click here for help.     To learn more about Free and Premium Membership, Click here.   Corrections Site Map Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunites Glossary Store © Copyright 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Quotes for NASDAQ are 15 minutes delayed. All other exchanges are delayed 20 minutes.
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / 20 Most Active Stocks in by Dollar Volume, NYSE Session 20 Most Active Stocks in by Dollar Volume, NYSE Session posted by Chris Miranda on September 14, 2016 at 9:03 am 20 Most Active Stocks in by Dollar Volume, NYSE Session Wells Fargo & Company is currently trading at  $46.96 1.58, down ▼ 3.26 percent on $2,767,239,157 total share volume. Alibaba Group Holding Limited  is currently trading at  $100.28 0.52, down ▼ 0.52 percent on $2,001,988,115 total share volume. Anadarko Petroleum Corporation is currently trading at $57.59 0.20, down ▼ 0.35 percent on $1,910,871,963 total share volume. Procter & Gamble Company (The) is currently trading at $87.05 1.20, down ▼ 1.36 percent on $1,713,327,240 total share volume.Bank of America Corporation is currently trading at $15.72 0.18, down ▼ 1.13 percent on $1,401,831,927 total share volume. General Electric Company  is currently trading at  $29.85 0.64, down ▼ 2.10 percent on $1,344,651,278 total share volume. J P Morgan Chase & Co  is currently trading at  $66.53 0.53, down ▼ 0.79 percent on $1,251,974,447 total share volume. Exxon Mobil Corporation  is currently trading at  $85.21 2.08, down ▼ 2.38 percent on $1,122,914,081 total share volume. AT&T Inc.  is currently trading at  $39.97 0.74, down ▼ 1.82 percent on $1,020,367,510 total share volume. Johnson & Johnson  is currently trading at  $117.61 1.55, down ▼ 1.30 percent on $935,598,017 total share volume. Citigroup Inc. is currently trading at $46.92 0.87, down ▼ 1.82 percent on $932,969,432 total share volume. Chevron Corporation  is currently trading at  $99.43 2.82, down ▼ 2.76 percent on $923,614,219 total share volume. Verizon Communications Inc.  is currently trading at  $51.45 1.12, down ▼ 2.13 percent on $905,352,942 total share volume. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is currently trading at $146.23 2.74, down ▼ 1.84 percent on $805,115,620 total share volume. Home Depot, Inc. (The)  is currently trading at  $125.72 2.87, down ▼ 2.23 percent on $800,564,468 total share volume. Monsanto Company is currently trading at $106.10 0.89, down ▼ 0.83 percent on $796,195,302 total share volume. Visa Inc.  is currently trading at  $81.89 1.08, down ▼ 1.30 percent on $722,794,961 total share volume. Walt Disney Company (The)  is currently trading at  $92.70 0.94, down ▼ 1.00 percent on $721,980,694 total share volume. Allergan plc.  is currently trading at  $240.10 0.13, down ▼ 0.05 percent on $711,294,329  total share volume. Pfizer, Inc. is currently trading at $34.04 0.61, down ▼ 1.76 percent on $706,576,722 total share volume. About Chris Miranda View all posts by Chris Miranda → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Metatrader Brokers Spot Trade Source of Wealthy Information Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2016 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. ×
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved POSSIBLE Promotes 4 to Creative Director Roles Advertisement NEXT:Anomaly Invests In Some (Legal) Marijuana via Startup hmbldt PREVIOUS:Strongbow Cider Names 360i As Its Digital Agency of Record Revolving Door POSSIBLE Promotes 4 to Creative Director Roles By Erik Oster on Sep. 13, 2016 - 2:37 PMComment WPP global digital agency POSSIBLE promoted four associate creative directors to creative director roles. Amy Vaughan, Margaret Russo, Sarah Knott and Ray Elfers will all now serve as creative directors in the agency’s Cincinnati office. Vaughan currently serves as creative lead on POSSIBLE’s Folgers, Café Bustelo, Pilon, and Medaglia d’oro accounts. Prior to the promotion, she was an ACD at POSSIBLE for three years, previously leading the agency’s Gillette and Oral-B accounts and also working with Pantene, Olay and P&G Corporate. Before joining POSSIBLE she spent nearly two years as associate creative director with Enlighten in Ann Arbor, leading the agency’s John Frieda Hair Care, Biore, Jergens, Curel, and Ban accounts. Russo joined POSSIBLE in November of 2007, working her way up from associate copywriter to her current role and serving as co-creative lead on the agency’s P&G business as an ACD. Knott has spent the past two years as an associate creative director at POSSIBLE following a copy director position with LEAP Digital in Cincinnati and an earlier stint in the same role at POSSIBLE. Elfers joined POSSIBLE as an art director, interaction design in July of 2010 and received a promotion to associate creative director in February of 2012. Prior to joining POSSIBLE he spent eight years as a creative director with Systems Insight in Cincinnati. “At POSSIBLE we are committed to growing our people and our diverse talent. This team represents the pinnacle of creative talent,” said Cincinnati executive creative director Adam Kahn. “With these new appointments we will continue to provide our clients with world class work.” The appointments follow Newell Brands selecting the agency to lead its web strategy last week, as well as the appointment of Pablo Marques as executive creative director of its London office back in January. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Tiffany names former railway exec as new finance head Tiffany & Co. has hired Mark Erceg to become its next executive VP and CFO, effective Oct. 18, 206.   Want to Read More? This content is available only to registered users. Log in to read the rest of this article or create a free account. Log In Or, Create an Account >> Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Online fashion retailer files Chapter 11 First Look: Nike SoHo is something to see — and experience Safeway to acquire 87-year-old specialty grocery New York & Co. names Sears, Ann Taylor vet to head up marketing and online Ballard Designs expanding with new store prototype Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Holiday Uptime: Preparing Your Network for the Holiday Rush Your network connection is more than just a means of connecting your point-of-sale system – it’s a driving force of your online and in-store experiences. And when it’s not working, your revenues, customers and even your brand reputation suffer. This webinar explores the ways you can prepare your network for the holiday rush. Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you think holiday 2016 sales will be: Better than last year About the same as last year Worse than last year Hot Concepts Furniture retailer to open chain of boutique hotels West Elm is expanding into the hotel business. And most everything in the... The North Face premiers new concept pop-up The North Face is trying on a new store format.   The retailer has... Google setting up shop in New York City In what could be a prelude to a retail strategy, Google is doing up a pop-up... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores The Clinic, Denver Business is booming in the fast-growing business of medical and recreational cannabis. And the shops that specialize in the trade are taking their game up more than a few notches. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media HellaWella Health Events Live   © 2016 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Rate Worries Could Snuff Out Rebound Rally 9/13/2016 9:07 AM ET The major U.S. index futures are pointing to a lower opening on Tuesday, with sentiment markedly downbeat amid lingering concerns about a potential Fed rare hike before the end of the year. The various Fed speeches delivered in the near term were biased towards an early tightening before things get out of hand. Although there are no major economic data that have a bearing on monetary policy, yesterday's rebound could put traders on the defensive. Commodities, with the exception of oil, are higher. Oil is down over $1-a-barrel after the API inventory data. The dollar is holding higher. European stocks are seeing nervousness amid a soft German economic sentiment reading.   U.S. stocks bounced back on Monday, recouping part of the previous session's losses, as a relatively dovish message relayed by some Fed speeches and oil's gain supported the markets.    The major averages began on a tentative note but advanced steadily throughout the remainder of the session. The Dow Industrials ended up 239.62 points or 1.32 percent at 18,325, the S&P 500 Index closed 31.23 points or 1.47 percent higher at 2,159 and the Nasdaq Composite closed at 5,212, up 85.98 points or 1.68 percent.    Twenty-nine of the thirty Dow components closed higher for the session but 1 stock retreated. Apple (AAPL), Wal-Mart (WMT), Procter & Gamble (PG), Coca-Cola (KO) and Verizon (VZ) were among the biggest gainers of the session.     Although the buying was broad based, semiconductor, gold and biotechnology stocks were standout performers.    Currency, Commodity Markets   Crude oil futures for October delivery are slipping $1.12 to $45.17 a barrel after ending Monday's session up $0.41 at $46.29 a barrel. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is currently trading at $1,327.90, up $2.30 from the previous session's close of $1,325.60. On Monday, gold fell $8.90.    On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 102.25 yen compared to the 101.85 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Monday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.1239 compared to yesterday's $1.1235. Asia   The Asian markets ended mixed amid a slight pullback by the yen, which propped up the Japanese market. The Chinese and South Korean markets also recorded gains. However, some of the markets, that were closed on Monday played catch up to the steep losses in the region yesterday. The Hong Kong, Australian and New Zealand markets rose modestly. The Indian market was closed for a public holiday.     The mixed sentiment came despite the release of promising economic data out of China.     The Nikkei 225 Index opened higher but gave back most of its gains by early afternoon trading. After showing volatility till late afternoon trading, the index rose steadily and consolidated its gains going into the close. The index was up 56.12 points or 0.34 percent at 16,729.    Food, textile, chemical, pharma and most export stocks gained ground, while some housing, retail, real estate, utility and financial stocks came under selling pressure.    Australia's All Ordinaries Index opened higher and rose sharply in early trading but gradually gave back all its gains, dropping below the unchanged line in late trading. The index closed down 9.10 points or 0.17 percent at 5,310.    Energy, financial, telecom and utility stocks were among the worst performers of the session, while material, IT, industrial, healthcare and consumer discretionary stocks moved to the downside.    Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index ended at 23,216, down 74.84 points or 0.32 percent, while China's Shanghai Composite Index ended up 1.53 points or 0.05 percent at 3,024.    On the economic front, a trio of economic reports released by the Chinese National Bureau of Statistics showed that the Chinese economy is up and running. The year-over-year industrial production growth of 6.3 percent for August beat estimates of 6.2 percent and July's rate of 6 percent.    Separate reports also showed Chinese retail sales rose 10.6 percent, ahead of the 10.2 percent increase in July and the consensus estimate of 10.2 percent. Fixed asset investment growth for the January to August period held steady at 8.1 percent, belying expectations for a slowdown to 7.9 percent.    The results of a survey by the National Australia Bank showed that confidence among businesses in Australia improved in August. The corresponding indicators index rose 2 points to 6 in August, while the business conditions index fell 2 points to 7.    Europe   European stocks are higher, although amid some volatility early in the session after a 3-day retreat.     On the economic front, German economic sentiment held unchanged near a four-year low in September compared to expectations for a modest improvement. The ZEW Indicator of economic sentiment came in at 0.5 points in September, unchanged from August. The score was forecast to rise to 2.5 points.   The U.K. Office of National Statistics reported that annual inflation in the U.K. remained stable at 0.6 percent in August, belying expectations for a pick up to 0.7 percent. However, a separate report showed that factory gate prices rose notably. A third report released by the agency showed that house price inflation in the U.K. slowed in July.    Final estimates released by the German Federal Statistical Office showed that German consumer price inflation remained steady at 0.4 percent in August, as initially estimated. The HICP inflation was at 0.3 percent.    U.S. Economic Reports   The Treasury is set to release the results of its auction of 30-year bonds at 1 pm ET.    The Treasury will also release its monthly budgetary statement for August at 2 pm ET. Economists expect the budget deficit to narrow to $105 billion from $112.8 billion in July.   Stocks in Focus   United Natural Foods (UNFI) reported better than expected fourth quarter earnings per share, while its revenues were shy of estimates. The company's full year revenue guidance was positive.  Renesas Electronics said that it agreed to acquire Intersil Corp. (ISIL) for $22.50 per share in cash, representing an aggregate equity value of about US$3.2 billion or about 321.9 billion yen at an exchange rate of 100 yen to the dollar. Apple (AAPL) is getting a lift after T-Mobile (TMUS) said it has received record pre-orders for iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus after it was unveiled last Friday.   Sanmina (SANM) announced that its board has authorized the buyback of up to $150 million worth of its shares.    Actions Semiconductor (ACTS) announced a definitive merger agreement to be acquired by a consortium of buyers for $2.20 per ADS, each representing 6 underlying shares.    Weight Watchers (WTW) announced that it is commencing a search for a new CEO, as the incumbent James Chambers has announced his intention to resign, effective September 30th, 2016. Until a new CEO is found, the CEO responsibilities will be handled by an office of CEO consisting of two of its directors and the CFO. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Top Ten Corporate Comeback Stories The Most Influential Books In Business Fed Chatterbox: Economic Preview Week of November 14 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Volkswagen To Cut 23,000 Jobs In Germany Cyber Monday Sales Seen Soaring LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia Facebook Stops WhatsApp Data Sharing Across Europe Over EU Criticism Wal-Mart Q3 Profit Declines, But Lifts FY17 Profit View; Stock Down JPMorgan Nears Over $250 Mln Settlement Over China Hiring Probe: Reports Comeback Kid: Donald Trump Hugely Resilient In Business, Too Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates Snapchat Parent Confidentially Initiates IPO Process Amazon Switching From Wrapping Paper To Reusable Bags Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances Home Depot Lifts FY EPS View In Line With Market As Q3 Results Top Estimates United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth FDA Snubs DVAX, Keep An Eye On OCUL, It's All Green For BLUE Home Depot Black Friday Deals Heavy On Appliances AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Crew Members Hurt As Canadian Plane Swerves To Avoid Possible Drone LinkedIn Is Now Blocked In Russia AAA: Low Gas Prices Drive Spike In Thanksgiving Travel Upgrade: Steel Stocks In For Trump Renaissance All Is Well With ACRS, First Avastin Biosimilar In The Works, CLRB Abuzz Nokia Sets Financial & Strategic Targets; Remains Focused On Cost Saving Program Vonovia Offers 0.496645 Shares/conwert Shr Or Alternative Cash Of EUR 16.16/shr United Airlines Restricts Economy To One Small Carry-on Novartis Reportedly Considering Sale Of Alcon Eye Care Division Samsung To Buy Harman Intl' In About $8 Bln All-cash Deal Kenneth Cole Closing Brick-and-Mortars United Airlines Announces Plans For Long-term Earnings Growth Target Lifts Q4, FY16 Forecast As Q3 Results Top Estimates AMGN Crosses BRIDGE, Anxiety Over PTCT's Translarna Eases, EGRX Opens Wallet AT&T Stream Saver To Limit Video Quality To 480p Genentech: Actemra Meets Endpoints In Phase III GiACTA Study Digi Rejects $13.82/shr Proposal From Belden - Quick Facts Schnuck Markets Recalls Ready-to-eat Grilled Chicken Products Kidde Recalls 3.6 Mln Combination Smoke And Carbon Monoxide Detectors Copyright © 2016 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Friday November 18 2016 6:55 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rate September 13, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn’t raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday’s drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn’t raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and aren’t sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed’s cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. “What’s one quarter of one percent? It’s nothing.” The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday’s losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung’s printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world’s largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany’s DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea’s Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there’s a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they’re not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies’ borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added $6.52, or 7.3 percent, to $95.23 after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6 percent stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company’s stock hasn’t done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard’s comments. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell $1.19, or 3 percent, to $37.95. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a $3.8 billion pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company’s stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 3 cents to $1.39 a gallon. Heating oil added 1 cent to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $2.92 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1241 from $1.1228.     Tags: percent, rates, interest, stocks, investors, cents, Other stories from today: Federal official’s speech lowers expectations for hike next week Stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rate Israel meets Facebook officials over incitement complaints     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Now that commercial crab season is open, do you plan to buy some? Yes, looking forward to it Already in line Soon Still worried about domoic acid Pass                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County help wanted  
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market briefing: UK markets closed lower yesterday, on rising concerns over an interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve (Fed) in the near term Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:40 13 Sep 2016 Proactive Investors, September 13 2016 UK Market Snapshot UK markets closed lower yesterday, on rising concerns over an interest rate hike by the US Federal Reserve (Fed) in the near term. Associated British Foods plummeted 10.8%, following a decline in same-store sales for the fourth quarter at its budget fashion chain, Primark. Marks & Spencer Group tumbled 5.1%, after it announced that its Executive Director for multi-channel, Laura Wade-Gery, would leave the company following her maternity leave. Lenders, Barclays, Royal Bank of Scotland Group and Lloyds Banking Group dipped 2.7%, 3.4% and 4.0%, respectively. Miners, Rio Tinto, BHP Billiton and Anglo American dropped 2.4%, 2.6%, and 3.2%, respectively, amid weakness in metals prices. On the contrary, AstraZeneca rose 0.8%, after a leading broker upgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Buy’ from ‘Hold’. The FTSE 100 declined 1.1%, to close at 6,700.9, while the FTSE 250 slid 0.9%, to settle at 17,730.2. US Market Snapshot US markets finished in positive territory yesterday, rebounding from their losses in the prior session, after the Fed Governor, Lael Brainard, struck a dovish tone and called for prudence in interest rate hikes. Perrigo jumped 7.4%, after activist investor, Starboard Value, revealed a 4.6% stake worth about $600.0 million in the former. Telecom stocks, Verizon Communications, AT&T and T-Mobile climbed 1.5%, 2.5% and 2.9%, respectively. Wal-Mart Stores and Procter & Gamble advanced 2.3% each. Tech shares, International Business Machines, Cisco Systems and Apple added 1.7%, 1.9% and 2.2%, respectively. Tesla Motors gained 2.0%, as it announced an upgrade for its autopilot feature which would increase the safety if its semiautonomous driving system. The S&P 500 gained 1.5%, to settle at 2,159.0. The DJIA rose 1.3%, to settle at 18,325.1, while the NASDAQ advanced 1.7%, to close at 5,211.9. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in the red yesterday, as investors remained worried about a potential increase in rates by the US Fed at its next policy meeting. Linde lost 5.6%, after it ended merger talks with the US-based firm, Praxair, 0.4% up, which could have created the world’s largest supplier of industrial gases. E.ON slipped 2.0%, after spinning off its fossil-fuel unit, Uniper, which made its trading debut. Banking shares, Commerzbank, Societe Generale and BNP Paribas eased 1.2%, 1.8% and 2.2%, respectively. Automobile giants, Renault and Peugeot shed 1.5% and 1.8%, respectively. On the brighter side, RWE gained 0.1%. The company announced plans about initial public offering of shares in its new grid and retail business, Innogy. The FTSEurofirst 300 index declined 1.0%, to close at 1,346.7. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 slid 1.3%, to close at 10,431.8, while the French CAC-40 shed 1.1%, to settle at 4,439.8. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading higher this morning, following overnight gains in the US equities. In Japan, pharma stocks, Takeda Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Holdings and Daiichi Sankyo have risen 1.0%, 1.3% and 1.4%, respectively. Bucking the trend, Kumiai Chemical Industry has declined 4.7%, extending its losses, after a broker downgraded its rating on the stock to ‘Neutral’ from ‘Buy’. In Hong Kong, Industrial & Commercial Bank of China has advanced 1.5%, after a leading broker upgraded its rating on the stock. In South Korea, Samsung Electronics has climbed 5.5%, on reports that Jay Y. Lee will join the company’s board. Additionally, the company agreed to sell its printer business to HP in a deal worth $1.05 billion. The Nikkei 225 index is trading marginally higher at 16,675.7. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.9% up at 23,506.9, while the Kospi index is trading 0.6% higher at 2,002.6. Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0330GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.70% or $0.34 lower at $47.98 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today Yesterday, the contract climbed 0.65% or $0.31, to settle at $48.32 per barrel, after reports showed that crude supplies at the Cushing delivery hub in the US dropped by more than 1.2 million barrels in the week ended 09 September 2016. In other news, the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) stated that non-OPEC crude production might rise in the second half of 2016. Gold At 0330GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.99% or $13.10 higher at $1334.70 per ounce, after dovish remarks from the Fed Governor, Lael Brainard, lowered expectations of an interest rate hike by the central bank at its next week meeting. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.68% or $9.10, to settle at $1321.60 per ounce, extending its losses for a straight fourth session. Currency At 0330GMT today, the EUR is trading marginally higher against the USD at $1.1235, ahead of the German inflation data for August, set to release in a few hours. Additionally, Euro-zone and German ZEW survey data for September, slated to release today, will be closely assessed by market participants. Yesterday, the EUR rose marginally versus the USD, to close at $1.1235. The greenback fell against its major peers following dovish comments regarding interest rate hikes by the Fed Governor, Lael Brainard. At 0330GMT today, the GBP is trading marginally lower against the USD at $1.3332, ahead of UK’s consumer price index for August, scheduled to release today. Yesterday, the GBP strengthened 0.53% versus the USD, to close at $1.3337. Fixed Income In the US, treasury yields remained nearly unchanged, amid mixed comments from the Fed officials on the monetary policy outlook. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes rose 1 basis point to 1.68%, while yield on 2-year notes remained unchanged at 0.79%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield added 1 basis point to 2.40%. Key Economic News Fed's Brainard warned against moving too quickly on rate hikes The Federal Reserve (Fed) Governor, Lael Brainard, stated that the case to tighten monetary policy in the near term looks less compelling. She added that the US labour market was not yet at full strength and remains concerned about the impact that global difficulties will have on the nation’s economy. Japanese BSI of large manufacturing industries rose in 3Q 2016 In 3Q 2016, on a QoQ basis, business survey index (BSI) of large manufacturing industries rose 2.90% in Japan. BSI of large manufacturing industries had recorded a drop of 11.10% in the previous quarter. Japanese net employment outlook recorded a rise in 4Q 2016 In 4Q 2016, the net employment outlook advanced to 23.00% in Japan. In the previous quarter, the net employment outlook had recorded a level of 22.00%. Japanese machine tool orders slid in August The flash machine tool orders in Japan recorded a drop of 8.40% in August on a YoY basis. In the previous month, machine tool orders had registered a drop of 19.70%. Chinese industrial production advanced more than expected in August On a YoY basis, industrial production in China climbed 6.30% in August, higher than market expectations for an advance of 6.20%. In the prior month, industrial production had recorded a rise of 6.00%. Chinese employment outlook advanced in 4Q 2016 In China, employment outlook registered a rise to 5.00% in 4Q 2016. In the prior quarter, employment outlook had registered a level of 2.00%. Chinese retail sales (YTD) rose as expected in August In August, on a YoY basis, retail sales (YTD) in China registered a rise of 10.30%, compared to a similar rise in the prior month. Market expectation was for retail sales (YTD) to advance 10.30%. Chinese fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD rose more than expected in August Fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD climbed 8.10% on a YoY basis in August, in China, higher than market expectations for an advance of 7.90%. In the prior month, fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD had registered a similar rise. Chinese industrial production (YTD) rose as expected in August On an annual basis in China, industrial production (YTD) recorded a rise of 6.00% in August, compared to a similar rise in the previous month. Market anticipation was for industrial production (YTD) to advance 6.00%. Chinese retail sales rose more than expected in August In August, on a YoY basis, retail sales in China climbed 10.60%, higher than market expectations for an advance of 10.20%. Retail sales had advanced 10.20% in the previous month. Proactive Investors Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us News Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional Pennsylvania Business Headlines Briefs Real Estate Columnists Investigative Pittsburgh ICA Justice for Some American Coyotes Cyber Rattling Homegrown Terror Donor Dilemma Rules of Engagement News Blogs U.S./World Nation World Health Now Education Politics Elections 2016 Our Stories Sports Local Pro Teams Steelers/NFL Penguins/NHL Pirates/MLB Riverhounds Local High Schools Colleges Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges More in Sports Columnists Blogs SportsTalk Photo Galleries Videos Auto Racing Outdoors Pro Wrestling U.S./World Golf Local Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Carlynton Cranberry Fox Chapel Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum Sewickley South Hills Opinion Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter Living Arts & Entertainment Architecture Theater & Arts Movies Music Books Museums Players Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Events Lifestyles Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness Fashion History Travel Columnists More Lifestyles Multimedia Photography Sports Galleries Video Radio & Podcasts Sports Talk Obituaries News Business Headlines Print Stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates By The Associated Press | Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, 8:12 p.m. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank should not raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower after Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed should not raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks plunged Friday after remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and are not sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. “What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing.” The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock climbed 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple was up $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44, and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's DAX fell 1.3 percent, and the CAC-40 in France lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index dropped 1.7 percent, and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there's a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they're not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies' borrowing costs. Irish drugmaker Perrigo added $6.52, or 7.3 percent, to $95.23 after activist investment firm Starboard Value bought a 4.6 percent stake in the company. Starboard Value said Perrigo needs to boost profit margins for some of divisions, and notes that the company's stock hasn't done well since Perrigo rejected an offer from competitor Mylan NV. Perrigo said it will review Starboard's comments. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Energy Transfer Pipeline fell $1.19, or 3 percent, to $37.95. On Friday a federal judge ruled that the company can build a $3.8 billion pipeline intended to carry oil from North Dakota to Illinois. That sent the company's stock higher. But the federal government stepped in to temporarily stop part of the project, and several agencies said they will reconsider their decisions supporting it. The Standing Rock Sioux tribe wants to stop construction of part of the pipeline because it crosses sacred sites and approaches a lake that provides drinking water for a reservation in southern North Dakota. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 3 cents to $1.39 a gallon. Heating oil added 1 cent to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas jumped 12 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $2.92 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar dropped to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro climbed to $1.1241 from $1.1228. More Business Cozy retirement? Only for a privileged few JPMorgan fined $264M for bribing foreign officials Touch-screen ordering, table service coming to McDonald's restaurants in U.S. Tesla, SolarCity get shareholder approval for merger Bank stocks continue surge, leading market higher Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.     Show commenting policy TribLive commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments â either by the same reader or different readers. We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending 52 apprehended in Westmoreland County warrant sweep Port Authority to spend $23M on 25 new buses Ex-Jeannette star QB Pryor grows confident as Browns' leading receiver Daily Gallery View Thursday ­— Nov. 17, 2016 Photos from across the region. Most Recent Videos More Videos News Business Neighborhoods Sports Opinion Living Multimedia Obituaries Ways We Deliver Blogs Mobile Email Newsletters eTRIB Digital Replica Buy Trib Photos RSS Subscribe Subscriber Services Our Publications Where to Buy the Newspaper Advertise Digital Sales Promotional Solutions Classifieds Marketplace Jobs Homes Autos eFeatures Images and text copyright © 2016 | Trib Total Media, LLC Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. Terms of Service Feedback | Contact Us
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Mouth Wash Market 2021 Share, Growth and Regional Forecast ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the United States Mouth Wash Market 2016 Market Research Report, the report focuses on United States major leading Market players providing information such as company profiles, product picture and specificat (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 13, 2016 ) This report studies sales (consumption) of Mouth Wash in United States market, focuses on the top players, with sales, price, revenue and market share for each player, covering Chattem Colgate-Palmolive GlaxoSmithKline Johnson & Johnson Procter & Gamble (P&G) For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/united-states-mouth-wash-market-report-2016 Split by product types, with sales, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Type I Type II Type III Split by applications, this report focuses on sales, market share and growth rate of Mouth Wash in each application, can be divided into Application 1 Application 2 Application 3 Request a sample copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001385901/sample Table of Content 1 Market Overview 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Mouth Wash 3 USA Mouth Wash (Volume and Value) by Type 3.1 USA Mouth Wash Sales and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 3.2 USA Mouth Wash Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2021) 4 USA Mouth Wash (Volume) by Application 5 United States Mouth Wash Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 5.1 Chattem 5.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 5.1.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.1.2.1 Type I 5.1.2.2 Type II 5.1.3 Chattem Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.2 Colgate-Palmolive 5.2.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.2.2.1 Type I 5.2.2.2 Type II 5.2.3 Colgate-Palmolive Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 GlaxoSmithKline 5.3.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.3.2.1 Type I 5.3.2.2 Type II 5.3.3 GlaxoSmithKline Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.4 Johnson & Johnson 5.4.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.4.2.1 Type I 5.4.2.2 Type II 5.4.3 Johnson & Johnson Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 5.5 Procter & Gamble (P&G) 5.5.2 Mouth Wash Product Type, Application and Specification 5.5.2.1 Type I 5.5.2.2 Type II 5.5.3 Procter & Gamble (P&G) Mouth Wash Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2011-2016) 5.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview 6 Mouth Wash Technology and Development Trend 7 Research Findings and Conclusion Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending On the Money: Once considered safe, ‘smart’… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Light-rail cheaters 130 mph chase Car takes nosedive Winter finally coming ‘Man up’ Deer vs. furrier Gun at elementary school New Woodbury cinema News Business On the Money: Once considered safe, ‘smart’ funds may be dumb investment Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Gail Marks Jarvis September 17, 2016 at 12:35 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Winter storm: Driving rain in metro, roads icy elsewhere; what to expect today 19-year-old killed in Inver Grove Heights crash Cop shoots suspect after he ‘blew doors off’ squad car in 130 mph chase Oops: Man’s car sails out of second-floor garage, takes a nosedive N.D. Jefferson expert tells University of Virginia students to ‘man up’ 7-year-old found gun in uncle’s room and classmate fired it in school, police say Who could resist investments that are “smart”? They certainly sound better than “dumb investments” or “idiotic funds.” And who wouldn’t want to cut “volatility” in their investments? In other words, who wouldn’t want protection from a stock market crash such as those in 2000 and 2008, which turned 401(k)s into 201(k)s as stocks plunged more than 50 percent? Fund company professionals who create mutual funds and exchange traded funds (ETFs) realized after those horrible crashes traumatized people that if a fund could promise to take some of the pain of volatility away, their companies would have a hot investment product. And indeed they do. Related Articles On the Money: Surge in renters making the U.S. less affordable On the Money: Retired couples will need $260,000 for health care, investment firm estimates On the Money: Don’t fret about taking on a college loan, but do your homework first Since 2008, investment companies have been churning out different forms of funds known as “smart beta,” and there’s now more than $500 billion in them. They are known as low- or minimum-volatility funds, designed to hold stocks that are less likely to crash as severely than the stock market as a whole. The concept sells. Investors are drawn to them at a time when CD and bond interest rates are minuscule, and memories of those stock market crashes still keep people awake at night. Instead of fast-growing stocks such as Amazon or Tesla, the low-volatility funds tend to pick blue chip companies, known for their stable profits and performance — companies such as AT&T and Johnson & Johnson. The idea is that in a recession, consumers might not shop for a new tech gadget, but they will still buy toothpaste, diapers and laundry detergent. The trouble is that whenever any investment becomes ultra popular — even in a stable company — it ultimately will become risky if people like it too much. And that was a common warning from investing pros who spoke this month at the annual Morningstar ETF Conference in Chicago. Repeatedly, analysts mentioned that the dividend-paying stocks that make up low-volatility funds have been attracting so much money from risk-averse people lately that demand has pushed the stock prices way up. And when stocks or funds get too pricey, they can fall and fall hard. That realization has made some investors leery of the popular sectors that are favorites in low-volatility funds: utilities, real estate investment trusts (REITs) and consumer staples such as Procter & Gamble. But so far, the uptrend remains. During the first seven months of this year, one of the most popular low-volatility funds — the iShares Edge MSCI Minimum Volatility USA (USMV) fund — delivered a 13.26 percent gain. That’s huge compared with less than 8 percent in a Standard & Poor’s 500 index fund. Instead of being lulled by the gain, however, Morningstar analyst Ben Johnson has warned that an examination of data back to 1994 shows that when the MSCI USA Minimum Volatility Index has been pricey, there have been declines. And he noted that at the end of July, the index was the priciest since its launch in June 2008. Analysts also point out that the low volatility approach could be vulnerable if the Federal Reserve starts raising interest rates this month or in December. If interest rates start climbing, people who bought utilities and REITs for dividend income while interest rates were remarkably low will see safer alternatives for their money. They may sell utilities and REITs, as they have in the past when interest rates headed up, and put money into bonds and CDs instead. If the utilities, REITs and other dividend-payers in low-volatility funds are heavily sold, the low-volatility fund values also will decline. Because low-volatility funds are relatively new, they have not been tested during a period of rising interest rates — the type of period that may be coming in the months ahead. So people could become unnerved if they bought low-volatility funds thinking the funds would always be a defense against stock market losses. Like every type of investment, low-volatility stocks ride cycles and will go up and down. But most investors don’t give funds a chance when they act differently than assumed. Jason Hsu, chairman of Rayliant Global Advisors, told a Morningstar audience that humans have a lousy track record with funds: “They add onto what they’ve heard others say made great money.” Then, the cycle turns and “they sell and cause themselves great harm.” Contact Gail MarksJarvis at gmarksjarvis@tribune.com.   Tags:  Gail MarksJarvis Gail Marks Jarvis You can help us improve our commenting space. Take our survey and follow our terms of use. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Apple admits to iPhone ‘touch disease,’ blames users and offers $149 fix November 18, 2016, 11:13 am Apple has finally admitted to the existence of the mysterious iPhone ailment that caused unresponsive screens and came to be called the “touch disease.” Read More Best Buy sales top views, aided by online revenue; shares at sixyear high November 17, 2016, 6:10 pm Best Buy Co. posted higher third-quarter sales, helped by continued improvement in its online business, though recent recalls of Samsung products will weigh on its performance in the holiday quarter. Shares soared almost 14 percent to levels not seen since 2010. The Richfield-based electronics chain estimated that recalls of the Samsung Galaxy Note 7 smartphone and  the brand’s washing machines... Read More You deserve a seat today: McDonald’s expanding table service November 17, 2016, 2:52 pm McDonald’s wants to makes its fast-food outlets feel more like restaurants, with plans to eventually expand table service across its U.S. locations. The world’s biggest burger chain says it has been testing the service at about 500 of its more than 14,000 domestic stores. Customers in those stores order at the counter or at kiosks and sit down and wait... Read More Minnesota sheds 12,500 jobs in October, overall employment steady November 17, 2016, 1:00 pm Minnesota employers eliminated 12,500 jobs in October, according to seasonally adjusted figures released today by the Minnesota Department of Employment and Economic Development. The state’s seasonally adjusted unemployment rate was steady at 4 percent. That compares with the national rate of 4.9 percent. Over the past year, Minnesota has gained 31,375 jobs, up 1.1 percent. Employment nationally is up 1.6... Read More Land O’Lakes CEO talks company’s future in east metro, transit, election November 17, 2016, 1:11 pm Land O’Lakes has been in Minnesota for almost a century. It started with a group of farmers who wanted to sell quality sticks of butter back in the early 1920s. Over the years, the agricultural co-op has grown into a Fortune 500 company that now employs more than 10,000 people nationally, some 1,800 of which are baed at its headquarters in... Read More Fed’s Kashkari rolls out blueprint for ending ‘too big to fail’ banks November 16, 2016, 3:45 pm Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis President Neel Kashkari on Wednesday recommended a hefty increase in capital requirements for the country’s biggest financial institutions, a de facto call for breaking up the big banks. The recommendations are part of a 50-page report that comes after a nearly yearlong effort by Kashkari to explore ways to end the problem of “too big... Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Pioneer Press careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Indian Society of Advertisers elects Sunil Kataria as chairman By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Advertising | September 15, 2016 18SHARES Kataria is an active member of the Executive Council of the Indian Society of Advertisers (ISA). Sunil Kataria, business head - India and SAARC, Godrej Consumer Products Limited (GCPL), has been elected chairman of the Indian Society of Advertisers (ISA). The decision was taken at the meeting of the newly elected Executive Council of the Indian Society of Advertisers held yesterday. Kataria joined GCPL in 2011 to oversee the sales and marketing of the organisation's India and SAARC businesses. Prior to joining the Godrej Group, he was chief operating officer at Idea Rajasthan Circle. Kataria has diverse work experience across the FMCG and consumer services sectors in sales, marketing, and business roles. He's also had a 12-year-long stint at Marico Industries, following which he served as business head in retail and telecom sectors, leading large and complex business operations. On his election as the chairman of ISA, he says, "Our focus would be to further strengthen the industry partnerships that we have built over decades and deliver the desired benefit to advertisers and other stake holders. I am confident that advertisers have promising times ahead. I look forward to work with industry partners and fraternity associations as a team and make this a credible, meaningful, and business impacting ecosystem." Kataria, as an active member of the Executive Council of ISA, has been lending support to the ISA, while his colleagues from marketing and media have been active in different committees of the organisation. Other members of the Executive Council include Atul Agrawal, senior vice-president - corporate affairs, group corporate communications, Tata Services, Anuradha Aggarwal, chief marketing officer, Marico, Abraham Mathew Alapatt, president and group head - marketing, service quality, financial services and innovation, Thomas Cook (India), Narendra Ambwani, director, Agro Tech Foods, Ajoy H Chawla, Sr vice-president, chief strategy officer, Titan Company, Paulomi Dhawan, advisor, Raymond, Sonali Dhawan, brand director, Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care, Chandru Kalro, managing director, TTK Prestige, Sandeep Kataria, director - commercial, Vodafone India, Sandeep Kaul, divisional chief executive - India Tobacco Division, ITC, Sandeep Kohli, executive director - personal care, Hindustan Unilever, Beena Koshy, executive vice-president, advertising, digital and branding, Bajaj Electrical, Bharat V Patel, independent director, Birla Sun Life Asset Management Company, Prashant Richard Peres, director -marketing, chocolate, India, Mondelez India Foods, Ramakrishnan Ramamurthi, vice-chairman, joint MD and Group CEO, Polycab Wires, Samardeep Sunil Subandh, chief marketing officer, Flipkart Internet, Amit Tiwari, director, Philips India, and Brahm Vasudeva, chairman, Hawkins Cookers. ISA, which claims to be the only national body giving a voice to advertisers over the last 60 years, has advertiser members from across industries who contribute over two-thirds of the annual national non-governmental ad spends. ISA is also a founder member of the World Federation of Advertisers (WFA) and one of the founders of the ASCI. It also played a significant role in the formation of BARC, and partners with it to help advertisers get robust and credible data. 18SHARES Follow afaqs! Search Tags Godrej Consumer Products Limited Indian Society of Advertisers Sunil Kataria Advertising Related Articles Saugata Gupta takes charge of ISA as chairman Advertising IBF, AAAI and ISA call a truce Media AAAI, ISA extend support to TAM Media IBF, ISA, AAAI formally launch BARC Media AAAI and ISA jointly make a 'recommendation' for agencies and their clients Advertising Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Microsoft Surface discovers the non-starry side of... Media Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Post backlash, Paytm tones down 'drama'; Does the ... Advertising Mogae Media buys Ao1 personalised video platform Media Publishing Measuring Digital in India: What Do We Need? Digital Water Communications to launch the second leg of G... Advertising Chyawanprash in a Capsule? Marketing The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital "We have a 360 degree presence now": Shilpi Modi, ... Advertising Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "We've already taken the biggest risk there was": ... Media Publishing Why are Tapsee Pannu, Priya Bapat, Neeti Mohan, Su... Digital Can an overweight comedian sell a beauty cream? Advertising What happens to brand recall when the same celebri... Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising Arnab Goswami moves on from Times Now Media Publishing Netflix India and Anurag Kashyap mock the 'Great I... Digital How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising Meet the New Airtel Girl: Sasha Chettri Advertising Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Meet Team Vermillion: The agency behind Baba Ramde... Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue Issue November 1-15 2016 Current Issue Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Veltex Corporation Partners with Batuta Capital Advisors LLC News provided by Veltex Corporation Sep 14, 2016, 12:06 ET Share this article CHICAGO, Sept. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Veltex Corporation-- OTC Markets symbol (VLXC) – Veltex Corporation ("the Company") announced today that it has retained and partnered with Batuta Capital Advisors, LLC  ("Batuta Capital") to assist the Company in exploring strategic alternatives. Batuta Capital is an advisory firm founded by Mr. Alexandre Zyngier and is headquartered in New York City, New York.  Batuta Capital targets middle market and special situation opportunities in the public and private markets, specializing in turnarounds, bankruptcies, and distressed opportunities across the capital structure. These alternatives will focus on building upon Veltex's current settlements, property liens, federal judgments, state judgments, and currently booked net operating loss conversions, which could include selling, partnering, or raising capital to operate as a stand-alone firm.  Moreover, Mr. Zyngier has made a substantial restricted equity investment in Veltex. Mr. Zyngier commented "Veltex completely fits our model for investment – an undervalued equity with sizable complex legal structures and with meaningful opportunities to growth. Veltex also has a talented management team that wanted to partner with us, which makes this a perfect fit.  We look forward to this partnership and working with Veltex's management team to continue building on what they have done to date."  Most importantly Mr. Zyngier reported, "At Batuta, we follow our own proprietary due diligence process to uncover investment and strategic opportunities. We also bring additional strategic equity capital from our investor network, to partner-up and add value to the businesses we invest in, and use our broad fixed-income network to complement these investments. Again, Veltex fits our model perfectly." Mr. Zyngier founded Batuta Capital to pursue investment and advisory opportunities in the distressed and turnaround sectors. Mr. Zyngier has over 20 years of investment, strategy, and operating experience. He currently serves on the boards of directors of Atari SA, AudioEye Inc. (AEYE), GT Advanced Technologies, Inc., Torchlight Energy Resources Inc. (TRCH) and was previously Chairman of the Board of Vertis Inc., a director of Island One LLC and Executive Chairman of DTV America Corporation. Mr. Zyngier has worked as a Portfolio Manager, investing in public and private opportunities, at Alden Global Capital, Goldman Sachs & Co., Deutsche Bank Co. and as a sell-side distressed and event-driven analyst at CRT Capital Group. He was also a strategy consultant at McKinsey & Company. Prior to that, he was a technical brand manager at Procter & Gamble, focused on Latin America Beauty Care Products.  Mr. Zyngier holds an MBA in Finance and Accounting from the University of Chicago and a BSc. in Chemical Engineering from UNICAMP in Brazil. James "Jim" Jacob, President and CEO of Veltex stated "Following a detailed evaluation over the past several months, we have determined that it is prudent to undertake a review of our strategic options to determine which alternative or alternatives, including our stand-alone plans, are in fact the best way to maximize shareholder value. Management along with a unanimous board approval determined that the retention of and partnering with Batuta Capital was a strong move at the right time and in the right direction." Mr. Jacob stated further "The Board of Directors for Veltex has determined that it is in the best interest of its shareholders to consider itself a possible acquisition target, at a minimum, to a strategic company that possesses the necessary resources to invest in and capitalize on the significant potential asset value of Veltex's current booked NOL carry forwards and value in the current legal judgments of approximately $150 million dollars." The Company is committed to conducting its review of potential alternatives as promptly as practicable. However, there can be no assurances that any particular alternative will be pursued or that any transaction will occur, or on what terms or as to its timing. Veltex intends to provide additional information as appropriate. Veltex Corporation, incorporated in Utah September 17, 1987, is a public holding corporation which maintains its corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. The company's common shares trade OTC Markets under the symbol VLXC. www.Veltex.Com Safe Harbor Statement Certain of the above statements contained in this press release are forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Such forward-looking statements are within the meaning of that term in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Readers are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. This press release includes forward-looking statements intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by phrases such as Veltex or its management "believes," "expects," "anticipates," "foresees," "forecasts," "estimates" or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements herein that describe Veltex's business strategy, outlook, objectives, plans, intentions or goals also are forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in forward-looking statements.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/veltex-corporation-partners-with-batuta-capital-advisors-llc-300328045.html SOURCE Veltex Corporation Related Links http://www.veltex.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Veltex Corporation Partners with Batuta Capital Advisors LLC News provided by Veltex Corporation Sep 14, 2016, 12:06 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Foundation Cream Market 2016 Trend, Analysis and Overview ReportsWeb.com published Foundation Cream Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 14, 2016 ) A foundation cream is an integral part of any makeup regimen. The increase in the awareness of makeup and its role in enhancing outward appearance has positioned it as a daily necessity. Cosmetic products have become a necessity as a tool to raise self-esteem and gain social acceptance. Although the concept of beauty differs from society to society, the increasing influence of social, print, and digital media has created an objective sense of beauty. This societal pressure to look beautiful has prompted more and more women around the world to use makeup. Since foundation is the base of any makeup regimen, its sales will grow in the forecasted period. Innovations in foundation creams such as lighter-textured foundation creams and CC creams for different skin tones are also increasing the demand for foundation creams. Publisher's analysts forecast the global foundation cream market to grow at a CAGR of 4.9% during the period 2016-2020. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-foundation-cream-market-2016-2020 Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global foundation cream market for 2016-2020. For calculating the market size, the sales of different types of foundation creams such as liquid foundation, tinted moisturizer, cream foundation, mousse foundation, stick foundation, and mineral and powder foundation are considered at suggested retail price. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - Europe - ROW Publisher's report, Global Foundation Cream Market 2016-2020, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Avon - L'OrÃ©al - EstÃ©e Lauder - P&G Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303260/sample Other prominent vendors - AmorePacific - Chanel - Kao - Lotus Herbals - Neutrogena - Oriflame - Revlon - Shiseido - Sephora Market driver - Shift from planned to impulse purchasing - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Increasing government regulations on animal testing - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Growing availability of different foundation creams for different skin types - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001303260/buying Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 46 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Will VA doctor be finally forced out? An independent board is coming to the Cincinnati VA to conduct an investigation regarding claims of wrongdoings reported by Dr. Barbara Temeck Post to Facebook Will VA doctor be finally forced out? An independent board is coming to the Cincinnati VA to conduct an investigation regarding claims of wrongdoings reported by Dr. Barbara Temeck  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2cnbE36 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Will VA doctor be finally forced out? Anne Saker , asaker@enquirer.com 3:08 p.m. EDT September 14, 2016 Buy Photo Dr. Barbara Temeck, who until February had been the "acting" chief of staff at the Cincinnati VA Medical Center. (Photo: The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar)Buy Photo A whistleblower who has charged that UC Health and the University of Cincinnati College of Medicine have exerted too much influence over the Cincinnati VA and its patients faces a new push to end her 35-year VA career, even as the Department of Veterans Affairs is making a special investigation into Dr. Barbara Temeck’s allegations. Temeck’s lawyer, Ken Hawley of Cincinnati, says a review board of the Cincinnati VA that votes on doctors’ clinical privileges to practice at the Corryville facility could consider Temeck’s standing as early as Thursday. Hawley says he believes the board will vote to take away his client’s hospital privileges, then the VA will begin the process to fire her, “which we will fight every step of the way." Temeck is a thoracic surgeon who has spent her professional life treating veterans and managing VA hospitals from Chicago to Spokane, Washington. Her tenure as acting chief of staff at the Cincinnati VA rests at the heart of management turmoil that this year has afflicted the facility, which cares for 43,000 veterans in Greater Cincinnati. In late August, the VA announced that an independent board would be coming to the Cincinnati VA “to conduct an investigation regarding claims of wrongdoings reported by Dr. Temeck,” hospital spokesman Todd Sledge said in an email. The review “is focused on honoring Dr. Temeck’s allegations as a whistleblower.” No staff members of the Cincinnati VA Medical Center will be associated with the independent investigation, Sledge said. No starting date has been set for the review, which will be led by Dr. Eugene Goldman, acting chief of staff/education for the VA hospital in Coatesville, Pennsylvania. About five hours before this story was posted Wednesday on Cincinnati.com, acting hospital director Glenn Costie emailed the staff of the hospital at 5:37 a.m. that "the local paper is asking questions again." Costie also attached a one-page response that spokesman Sledge composed on Tuesday to answer questions that The Enquirer raised this week about the handling of Temeck's case. Temeck arrived at the Cincinnati VA in July 2013 and soon triggered unhappiness within the hospital’s ranks of managers, doctors and caregivers. Temeck said that she objected to the practice of VA doctors not serving their full shifts so they could instead pick up extra work at the UC Medical Center, the teaching hospital at UC, which the nonprofit UC Health operates. Temeck also was concerned that some VA doctors were sending veterans to UC Medical Center, to the benefit of UC Health, when patients’ medical needs should be addressed first at the Cincinnati VA. CINCINNATI.COM Who runs the VA here? UC, one official charges When she tried to rein in the practices, Temeck and others say she became the focus of concerted internal opposition. Jack Hetrick, the VA’s former regional director in Cincinnati, told The Enquirer that at least two occasions, delegations of doctors summoned him to meetings to complain about Temeck. “They raised some concerns about style and approach, not competency,” Hetrick said. “And it was all based on feedback. They did not have specifics that they had to offer me. It was more hearsay than anything else.” CINCINNATI.COM Cincinnati VA warned about AWOL docs In September 2015, more than 30 doctors and nurses at the Cincinnati VA wrote anonymously to VA Secretary Robert McDonald of Indian Hill, the former chairman of Procter & Gamble about “poor leadership and poor management” in Cincinnati. Temeck remained at her post. But documents obtained by The Enquirer indicate that the anti-Temeck forces marshaled enough muscle to stymie three attempts to name her permanent chief of staff at the Cincinnati The situation came to a boil in February when published reports about the longstanding complaints against Temeck surfaced with a new revelation: that over about seven years, Temeck had written three prescriptions for Hetrick’s wife, Kathleen. Jack Hetrick told The Enquirer that neither he nor his wife authorized the public release of her health information. Within days of the stories, Jack Hetrick retired, and Dr. David Shulkin, the VA’s undersecretary of health, removed Temeck as the Cincinnati VA’s acting chief of staff and reassigned her to a data-entry job in the hospital basement. The VA’s inspector general's office made a review and later reported that while it had found nothing wrong with Temeck’s management of the hospital or the hospital's care of veterans, it did “substantiate misconduct” in her prescribing medication for Kathleen Hetrick. CINCINNATI.COM Turmoil bubbling at Cincinnati VA Med Center It is due to those prescriptions that the Cincinnati VA is considering the permanent revocation of Temeck’s clinical privileges this week. The hospital’s clinical executive board is scheduled to meet Thursday, and Hawley believes Temeck’s status will be considered. Hawley called the pursuit of Temeck over the prescriptions “petty” and a part of the overall effort “to crush her.” “Kathleen Hetrick was Dr. Temeck’s patient,” he said, “and Dr. Temeck treated her as a patient.” Hawley said Kathleen Hetrick was a former VA nurse who suffered an injury on the job that left her with pain, and was receiving private care from doctors also employed at VA. The Hetricks and Temeck had known each other for years, and Temeck took care of Kathleen Hetrick. The Hetricks moved to Cincinnati in 2006 when Jack Hetrick became the VA regional director. When Temeck arrived in Cincinnati seven years later, she wrote one more prescription for Kathleen Hetrick, then referred her to another private physician who also works at the VA. Dr. Richard Freiberg, a prominent Cincinnati orthopedic surgeon who works at the VA, was one of the signatories of the September 2015 letter to McDonald. Freiburg appeared in WCPO.com stories about Temeck in February but when reached last week by The Enquirer, Freiberg declined to speak about the situation, pleading his age – 85. "I don’t think it would do much good now because we got what we wanted,” Freiberg said. And that was? “The removal of Barbara Temeck and Jack Hetrick.” 46 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2cnbE36 TOP VIDEOS 911 call: I'm being attacked by bear; I'm going to die 1:05 Joe Deters: \u0022I didn't believe the tears for a second\u0022 2:47 Are deals better on Black Friday or Cyber Monday? 1:00 Bengals vs. Bills Week 11 Predictions 6:02 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Industry & Commerce Sir James Dyson upbeat about Brexit as company invests in expansion The Guardian @guardian2 months ago The Guardian @guardian2 months ago                                                                               Sir James Dyson, the billionaire inventor, has said there is no reason for businesses in Britain to be uncertain as a result of the EU referendum and that they would be mad to withhold investment on the back of the vote. Speaking as his company, Dyson, unveiled a £250m expansion of its research and development centre in the Cotswolds, the engineer said Britain could now reach trade agreements with countries outside Europe “much more easily and flexibly” and reconsider its approach to immigration from around the world so it can attract more engineers and scientists from India, China and the far east. Dyson was one of the most prominent business leaders to publicly support Brexit before the referendum in June. His company has developed from a firm specialising in bagless vacuum cleaners into a fast-growing multinational technology company selling bladeless fans, air purifiers, hand-dryers, hairdryers and robotic vacuum cleaners. In the past four years the company’s sales have doubled. Dyson reported revenues of £1.7bn in 2015, up 26% year on year, with profits of £448m. It is investing £5m a week in research and development. Dyson said he could not understand why businesses would stop investing because of the prospect of import duties being introduced on trade between the UK and Europe. Asked whether the economic uncertainty in the UK could hold Dyson back from investing, he said: “I don’t want to be arrogant about this, but I don’t understand why people are uncertain. I think it is something put around. If you are a business, do you actually say, ‘I am not going to make a decision to invest in that factory or I am not going to make a decision to set up in Europe because of this potential 3% [tax].’ As a business, are you actually stopping and not investing because of that? If you were, you would be mad because currency can move 10% in a couple of days. A 3% import duty is not something to worry about. “It is highly unlikely it will come in anyway. The imbalance of trade is £100bn a year. Are you seriously saying that Germany wants to be putting an import duty on British goods going into Germany when we can punish them much greater on their goods? “The trend is towards free trade. The failure of Europe to negotiate a free trade agreement with America, the TTIP, is really worrying. That is uncertainty. If you are waiting for Europe to negotiate free trade agreements China, North America and so on, that is a far greater uncertainty then whether or not you pay 3% to go into Europe.” Dyson’s latest investment involves the opening of a new research building at its campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire. The building, nicknamed D9, will house up to 450 engineers working on top-secret projects. These projects involve work on robotics and battery technology, two key new areas for the company. There are now 2,500 people working at the site out of 7,000 Dyson employees globally. Europe accounts for around 16% of Dyson sales and is still an “attractive” market for the company, its founder and chairman said. However, the business is growing faster in China, South Korea and Japan and Dyson said that Europe was not a single market for his company anyway. “It is not a single market as far as we are concerned,” he said. “There are different plugs, different languages, different boxes, different instructions, different laws, different national characteristics, different psychology, different marketing and different companies.” Dyson insisted that leaving the EU is positive for the UK despite warnings of a slow down in the economy. “It is a positive because we can now negotiate trade agreements with countries much more easily and flexibly on our own then we ever could with 29 countries in Europe,” he said. “We don’t have those problems, we are on our own, we can negotiated a very rapid trade agreement with other countries.” The 69-year-old also said it was opportunity for Britain to address a shortage of engineers in the country by making its immigration system global. Dyson said: “It has been very much a Europe-focused immigration system, not a global immigration system. A lot of people who want to be engineers come from India, China, and the far east. In Pune [India] there are 40,000 engineers that come out of Pune University every year, which is twice as many as the British [engineers] that come out of the whole of British universities.” “We just don’t have the scale. China produces something like 2 million engineers a year, we produce 20,000. We are just not going to compete globally unless we seriously ramp up the number of people.” The entrepreneur played down criticism from Liam Fox, the international trade secretary, that business executives would rather be playing golf on a Friday afternoon than negotiating export deals. “I don’t think many businesses survive nowadays if you spend your time playing golf,” he said. “What I have been saying is that to compete globally and to export now it is a technology race. If companies aren’t developing technology and this country doesn’t produce enough engineers to take advantage of all the wonderful universities and commercialise their technology we will lag behind economically and be outstripped by our competitors all over the world.” An experimental approach Dyson has become the UK’s nearest equivalent to Apple. It develops cutting-edge technology, is renowned for sleek design and has even opened its own shop on Oxford Street in London. The new £250m extension at its 56-acre campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire, which is unveiled today, could even help Dyson take on Apple directly. Government documents revealed earlier this year Dyson is working on a battery-powered electric vehicle, although the company refuses to confirm the project. Apple is also rumoured to be working on an electric car. Founded in 1993, Dyson is a young company in more ways than one. The average age of its staff is just 26, a deliberate attempt by founder and chairman Sir James Dyson to try to keep the company on its toes. Dyson’s headquarters is designed to feel like a university campus and even has a sports centre nicknamed “the hangar”. “This is going to sound wrong , but we don’t like experience,” he explains in a rare interview at Dyson’s headquarters. “Experience can be inhibiting. I would rather have a naive, flexible, experimental, pioneering approach, because we want to do everything differently. It is a lot easier if people don’t come along – and this is going to sound slightly nasty – with baggage, and experience with how things are done. We want to find a new and better way of doing things. Graduates are very good at doing that.” Max Conze, the chief executive of Dyson, who joined in 2010 from Procter & Gamble, said the company’s growth is built on a “bet on young people, young graduates” and a “belief in technology and innovation as the engine for growth”. He added: “You have to be willing to listen to people who have just come in and the people who have done this for many years.” Dyson’s headquarters are shrouded in mystique and secrecy. From the road, the only evidence of the cutting-edge work that is taking place is a lonely blue airsock bearing its logo. The campus is hidden behind lines of trees. The new D9 research building is a futuristic two-storey structure with reflective glass that offers no sign of what the engineers inside are up to. The company has 129 laboratories for its research and development team, who are working on more than 200 projects. Dyson appears to be on the cusp of major expansion. Its revenues have doubled in the past four years and it wants to double its team of 3,000 engineers by 2021, with £1bn committed to developing new battery technology. The company’s new robotic vacuum cleaner – the Dyson 360 Eye – is a new avenue. After initially specialising in the movement of air, Dyson has broadened its technology into robotics, electric motors and 360-degree cameras. These technologies would clearly be helpful for an electric vehicle. “I don’t think we could deny that,” Dyson says. “But we don’t talk about what we are doing.” The inventor still owns 100% of the company and is estimated to be worth £5bn – more than Sir Richard Branson. Dyson says he has no plans to sell a stake in the business and that its private ownership has been key to its success. “Our CEO can think long term, he doesn’t have to satisfy the newspapers or investorsevery quarter he is raising the profits. We can afford to invest more in research and development, invest in long-term stuff.” This article was written by Graham Ruddick, for The Guardian on Wednesday 14th September 2016 00.01 Europe/London guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media Limited 2010   And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... The Guardian More articles from The Guardian @guardian Latest news, sport, business, comment, analysis and reviews from the Guardian, the world's leading liberal voice. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2016 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Opposition wants PM Modi to reply, Govt hopes to buy time for cash crunch to ease Demonetisation: Kerala estate workers go without pay, owners warn of food crisis Let farmers buy seeds with old notes, says Agriculture Minister; Finance says no Demonetisation: Sharp surge in demand for card-swipe machines Roll back or face unrest: Arvind Kejriwal, Mamata Banerjee to Govt Marrakech Climate Change Conference: Global warming a matter of urgent priority Home Opinion Web Edits How our craze for Patanjali made Ramdev aide Acharya Balkrishna one of the wealthiest Indians How our craze for Patanjali made Ramdev aide Acharya Balkrishna one of the wealthiest Indians In all fairness, Balkrishna is a pure, albeit controversial, businessman who has captured the nerve of the Indian consumers. Written by Kanishka Singh | Updated: October 10, 2016 12:49 pm Acharya Balkrishna (Express Archive) Baba Ramdev’s close aide Acharya Balkrishna has entered the coveted Hurun India Rich List 2016 as a billionaire with a personal fortune of Rs 25,600 crore ($3.82 billion). For this he has to thank the popularity of Ramdev and the products endorsed by him. The resultant craze for Patanjali Ayurved’s FMCG products has pushed up the company’s turnover at a really fast pace. However, Balkrishna has been the brains behind the business. A contentious figure, who has faced charges of forgery and money laundering in the past, Balakrishna has pulled all the right strings to cash in on the emotion of Ramdev’s huge follower base, hard selling the ayurvedic and ‘swadesi’ idea. WATCH VIDEO:  Congress MP Praises Baba Ramdev’s Ayurvedic Company Patanjali   Balkrishna Suvedi, born to Nepalese parents who later migrated to India, was Ramdev’s junior in Khanpur Gurukul in Haryana. The man owns at least 93 per cent stake in Patanjali Ayurved and heads 34 companies and three trusts associated with Ramdev and the Patanjali banner. Among other achievements, Patanjali interestingly claims the Acharya rediscovered the Sanjivani booti — the famed herb that rescued the life of Lakshman. He was charged with cheating and criminal conspiracy for procuring fake degrees to acquire an Indian passport. His ‘Purv Madhyma’ high school degree and ‘Shastri’, a Sanskrit degree from Sampurna Nand Sanskrit University do not exist on the university records. Balkrishna disappeared in 2012 after CBI summoned him in a forgery case and the Enforcement Directorate later registered a case against him under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act for alleged illegal remittances. The cases were closed after the NDA government came to power in 2014. In all fairness, Balkrishna is a pure, albeit controversial, businessman who has captured the nerve of the Indian consumers and rattled FMCG majors who have conveniently enjoyed a near monopoly in the Indian market with their flagship products. Patanjali Ayurveda posted turnovers of Rs 5,000 crore for FY 2015-16 up from Rs 450 crore in 2012 — a rise of over 11 times in a matter of four years. It would be naive to say that Balkrishna could have managed the feat on his own. Ramdev, who doesn’t hold stake in the company, has been the face of the firm and has promoted the company in all of his yoga camps and events as well as TV programmes. Now, he is running an active campaign against MNCs and pushing for swadeshi. England 103/5 At Stumps On Day 2, Trailing India By 352 Runs Bigg Boss 10 November 17 Review: Swami Om Apologized From Mona Lisa Parliament Adjourned Amid Debate Over Demonetisation Issue Demonetisation: Select Petrol Pumps To Dispense Cash Up To Rs 2,000 Demonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate WorkersDemonetisation: Here’s How It Affects Kerala Estate Workers Miscreants Break Into SBI ATM In Odisha’s Nabarangpur District: Here’s What Happened Audience Reaction : John Abraham and Sonakshi Sinha Starrer Force 2 Gets A Thumbs Up Here’s What Supreme Court Said On Government’s Demonetisation Move Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Rules Out Roll Back Of Demonetisation Move West Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee, Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal Protest Against Demonetisation Government Issues Fresh Guidelines On Withdrawal Norms: All You Need To Know Mamata Banerjee Demand Roll-back Of Demonetisation Within Three Days If Mulayam Singh’s Trust Is With Ram Gopal, I Am Also With Him: Amar Singh SYL Row: Amrinder Singh Seeks President’s Rule In Punjab Uproar In Parliament Over Demonetisation Debate: Here’s What Happened More importantly, Balkrishna has positioned Patanjali’s non-innovative products under a very competitive price structure with a natural, herbal and ayurvedic branding. He is the one who gives the thumbs up to every product right from conception and development to final packaging. His insistence on maintaining a rural or rustic image of the company’s products has, in fact, bolstered the faith of a large majority of consumers in the ‘purity’ of the goods on offer. Watch What else is making news Patanjali has recently trumped all established FMCG firms in the country including the likes of HUL, P&G, Colgate-Palmolive. Even players present in the fragmented herbal and ayurvedic products market like Zandu, Dabur and Baidyanath were unable to match the speed at which Patanjali ate into their market share. Now, with Patanjali aiming for sales targets of Rs 1 lakh crore in the FY 2020, the market share of FMCG majors is set to take further hits. The company has also entered into joint ventures with some foreign companies and has been exporting their products to countries like the US, Canada and the middle east. Balkrishna has intelligently avoided excessive experimentation with the Patanjali’s product catalogue. He has offered products that consumers are used to and packaged them with claims of ayurvedic qualities. As the company is not publicly owned, the veracity of their claims can’t be easily verified. Consumers have to trust Ramdev’s reputation when it comes to the quality of the products. In the process, Balkrishna has managed to rightly predict consumer behaviour and immensely reduce friction in the end users when they shift from one product to a new one. Using Ramdev’s popularity, the duo has maintained a clear and strong single brand value proposition that has made Patanjali Ayurved a self sustaining entity and earned the company huge profits. The two claims all profits are channeled for charity and larger good of the society. © The Indian Express Online Media Pvt Ltd Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaBanks to work normal hours on Saturday, but only senior citizens can exchange old notes BusinessDemonetisation: Execution could not have been better, says Arun Jaitley IndiaDemonetisation: Misuse of bank account for black money deposit to invite govt action IndiaLong queues outside banks a ‘serious issue’, says SC on demonetisation IndiaPriyanka Gandhi to play 'major role' in UP Assembly polls: Congress EntertainmentForce 2 movie review: John Abraham, Sonakshi Sinha film is Bond-Bourne rehash EntertainmentChris Martin parties with Shah Rukh Khan, Sussanne Khan and Sridevi's daughters, see inside pics EntertainmentIt's November 18, Salman Khan's wedding day, see pics EntertainmentIulia Vantur reveals what she had to sacrifice to live in India. Was it for Salman Khan? Must Read SportsIndia break England's back, take charge in Vizag SportsDon't know why pitch jibes come back at us: Ashwin SportsInd vs Eng: Kohli continues to set records TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Finally out of beta, but far from perfect TechnologyMeizu Pro 7 leaked images hint at a bezel-less design as well TechnologySnapchat's Snap Inc files for IPO: Spectacles to Lenses, top things to note  Happy 88th birthday, Mickey Mouse: 11 things you probably didn't know about our favourite Disney mouse Nov 18: Latest News On death row for rape and murder of minor, man ‘commits suicide’ in Yerwada Myanmar: 30,000 displaced by violence in Rakhine, says UN Not enough change: CNG station turns away customers Many rush to petrol pumps for quick cash, return empty handed Here’s how to fight crime with data analytics Kanishka SinghKanishka is a Senior Sub-Editor with  indianexpress.com... read more Mamata Banerjee takes fight against currency ban to streets, BJP on guard BJP MLA’s claim that Ambanis, Adanis had prior knowledge of demonetisation may hit party image Mulayam reinstates Ram Gopal to save party’s chances in UP elections                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Nifty hits more than 2-weeks low; breadth strong Capital Market |  Sep 14, 2016 11:14 AM IST Key benchmark indices trimmed some losses after hitting fresh intraday low in mid-morning trade. At 11:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 63.26 points or 0.22% at 28,290.28. The Nifty 50 index was down 16.90 points or 0.19% at 8,698.70. The Nifty hit its lowest levels in more than two weeks. The Sensex fell 94.16 points, or 0.33% at the day's low of 28,259.38 in mid-morning trade. The index rose 62.87 points, or 0.22% at the day's high of 28,416.41 in early trade. The Nifty fell 26.70 points, or 0.31% at the day's low of 8,688.90 in mid-morning trade, its lowest level since 30 August 2016. The index rose 22 points, or 0.25% at the day's high of 8,737.60 in early trade. In overseas stock markets, Asian shares declined today, 14 September 2016, bruised by a fall in oil prices on renewed worries about a supply glut and as investors grew nervous about the diminishing capacity of the world's major central banks to shore up economic growth. The US market edged lower yesterday, 13 September 2016, as equities suffered a sharp sell-off amid a slump in energy shares and uncertainty about the Federal Reserve's plans for monetary policy. Back home, the market breadth, indicating the overall health of the market, was strong. On BSE, 1,399 shares rose and 839 shares fell. A total of 152 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 0.33%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 0.61%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. Most pharmaceutical shares edged higher. Cipla (up 1.07%), Cadila Healthcare (up 1%), Alkem Laboratories (up 0.97%), Lupin (up 0.55%), Divi's Laboratories (up 0.49%), Wockhardt (up 0.38%), IPCA Laboratories (up 0.31%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.25%), Piramal Enterprises (up 0.16%) and Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.13%), edged higher. Aurobindo Pharma (down 0.31%), Strides Shasun (down 0.41%) and GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (down 0.56%), edged lower. Glenmark Pharmaceuticals rose 0.79% to Rs 882 after the company announced that it has been granted final approval by the United States Food & Drug Administration for Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3%. Diclofenac Sodium Gel, 3% is a generic version of Solaraze Gel, 3% of Fougera Pharmaceuticals Inc. According to IMS Health sales data for the 12 month period ending July 2016, the Solaraze Gel, 3% market achieved annual sales of around $297.90 million in the US. The announcement was made before market hours today, 14 September 2016. Most FMCG shares edged higher. Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.26%), Marico (up 1.68%), Britannia Industries (up 1.53%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 1.17%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.10%), Dabur India (up 1%), Nestle India (up 0.57%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.56%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.37%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.07%), edged higher. Colgate Palmolive (India) (down 0.88%) and Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (down 0.93%), edged lower. Godfrey Phillips India lost 5.08% after net profit dropped 62% to Rs 22.38 crore on 18.5% fall in net sales to Rs 465.59 crore in Q1 June 2016 over Q1 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016, when the stock markets were closed on account of Bakri Id. Amtek Auto was down 3.97% after the company reported net loss of Rs 319.68 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016, higher than net loss of Rs 157.60 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2015. Total income declined 33.45% to Rs 576.49 crore in the quarter ended 30 June 2016 over the quarter ended 30 June 2015. The result was announced yesterday, 13 September 2016 when the stock market was closed on account of Bakri Id. Powered by Capital Market - Live News Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Demonetisation: Get Rs 2,000 cash at petrol pumps from Nov 18 ATMs in small cities, villages will take weeks to be ready Modus Operandi: How black money hoarders are trying to escape I-T lens Tata Trusts get I-T notice for tax avoidance Ratan Tata should step down for crisis to abate: 6 suggestions from NYU's Damodaran More From Current Affairs Balkrishna Industries fixes record date for 2nd interim dividend Ramco Systems incorporates subsidiary - Ramco Systems (Shanghai) IDFC Bank allots equity shares Board of TTI Enterprise approves consolidation of shares TTI Enterprise fixes record date for consolidation of shares [ more ] Top Stories Supreme Court refuses to accept rejection of Collegium recommendations T N Ninan: Our post-truths Shekhar Gupta: The WhatsApp governance Demonetisation: FM says execution could not have been better Cash crunch chokes off India palm oil imports [ more ] Markets Cash crunch chokes off India palm oil imports MCX to levy concentration margin from December Gold quotes at huge discount, price hits 4-month low Sovereign gold bonds worth 14 tonnes in six tranches Diamond exporters eye 8-10% rise in exports in coming quarter [ more ] Companies Mawana sells Titawi for Rs 375 cr to Indian Potash So you think you can hack? Here's a 5 step guide to winning at a hackathon Acting out innovation Koovs raises $16 million from Times Group, other investors Vikram Johri: Lessons from a scandal [ more ] Opinion Bibek Debroy: Metre gauge Aditi Phadnis: Can Mamata Banerjee unite the opposition? Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope Vikram Johri: Reality or fiction? Sunil Sethi: My little black diary [ more ] Latest News Demonetisation: No currency exchange today Ashish Sharma: Ancient internet People are withdrawing money but not spending it: Arjun Ram Meghwal Aditi Phadnis: Can Mamata Banerjee unite the opposition? Mitali Saran: The audacity of scope [ more ] Today's Paper What will happen to H-1B visas under Donald Trump? TCS will hold EGM on Dec 13 to remove Cyrus Mistry as director Beware, taxman to watch your posts on social media Demonetisation: Govt tightens exchange of notes, eases withdrawal Mistry skips Tata Sons board meeting [ more ] News you can use Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping Gold will remain below Rs 30,000 in coming months. Here's why Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2THeBAj Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Sep 14 2016. 06 22 PM IST Happily Unmarried plans to raise Rs30-50 crore Happily Unmarried is now looking at raising more funds and also getting strategic investors on board as they look at general trade expansion Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Sapna Agarwal Happily Unmarried, which sells personal products for men such as face wash, body wash, beard care and colognes, is now also expanding its product range to include anti hair fall serum and shampoo for men. Mumbai: Happily Unmarried Marketing Pvt. Ltd, which runs HappilyUnmarried.com, is planning to raise Rs.30-50 crore for Ustraa, its online male grooming products brand. Launched a year ago in August, Ustraa’s sales crossed Rs.10 crore till April 2016; it is expected to end the financial year 2017 with sales of Rs.40 crore, said founder Rajat Tuli, while sharing that the growth will come as the company expands into general trade and also launches new products. Info Edge (India) Ltd, popular for hiring portal Naukri.com and real estate website 99acres.com, has a 37% stake in the company, with investment of Rs.21 crore since 2012, said Tuli. He added that the company raised Rs.5 crore in the latest funding round in July. The company is now looking at raising more funds and also getting strategic investors on board as they look at general trade expansion. “We are in talks with companies and are looking at options that are beneficial for the business,” said Tuli, adding that with the right partners and inputs, “we can be a Rs.500 crore company in 5-7 years”. The company which sells personal products for men such as face wash, body wash, beard care and colognes is now also expanding its product range to include anti hair fall serum and shampoo for men. Last month, the company made the products available in 200 stores across the National Capital Region. By the end of the fiscal year, the target is to reach 5,000 stores and 20,000 stores by financial year 2018, said Tuli. He added that the expansion to general trade is to reach a new set of customers who may not be buying online. Ustraa products are also available in Happily Unmarried’s 12 stores across India. So far, the online company has sold its products to customers in 2,000 cities across rural and urban India. Over two-thirds of its sales have come through the mobile phone. Meanwhile, globally large multi-national companies are vying for a larger share of the online market. Unilever Plc. acquired online male grooming company Dollar Shave Club Llc in a deal said to be worth about $1 billion in July, according to reports. In June 2015, Procter & Gamble Co. launched Gillette’s new online shave club. By 2020, India’s beauty and hygiene market is estimated to reach $17 billion and two-thirds of its sales could be digitally influenced. Moreover 20% of beauty and hygiene products will be sold online, according to a February report, Impact of Digital on Beauty and Hygiene, by Indian Beauty and Hygiene Association, Bain and Co. and Google. The report also identified beauty and hygiene to be the third-most searched category online in shopping searches and growing the fastest. Sapna Agarwal Topics: Happily UnmarriedUstraaFundingInvestmentSales More from this Section Tesla’s move beyond cars official with $2 billion SolarCity deal Ricoh says fraud at Indian unit pegged at Rs683 crore Air India to induct two A320 neos in January Karnataka high court orders winding up of Kingfisher Airlines Bharat Forge to buy Walker Forge Tennessee for $14 million Editor's Picks Note exchange only for own customers on Saturday, say banks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Consequences of the demonetisation shock Reliance Jio seeing sharp decline in subscriber growth rate: analysts First Published: Wed, Sep 14 2016. 10 59 AM IST Latest News Delhi HC refused to pass interim order on renewal of NGO licence under FCRA Demonetisation pinches Bollywood as Box Office collections take a hit Tesla’s move beyond cars official with $2 billion SolarCity deal Editor's Picks Note exchange only for own customers on Saturday, say banks Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Latest News Delhi HC refused to pass interim order on renewal of NGO licence under FCRA Demonetisation pinches Bollywood as Box Office collections take a hit Tesla’s move beyond cars official with $2 billion SolarCity deal Donald Trump said to be close to settling real-estate school suits Demonetisation: Congress justifies Ghulam Nabi Azad’s Uri attack comparison Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Instagram YouTube RSS Skip to content SEO News Content Marketing Social Media Paid Search Work Life Advertise How Social Media Advertising Has Evolved Marketing Nerds Podcast September 9, 2016 Marketing Nerds Podcast Caitlin RulienSeptember 9, 2016 SEJ STAFF 631SHARES 1.1KREADS 631SHARES 1.1KREADS SEJ STAFFCaitlin Rulien 631SHARES 1.1KREADS http://media.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/p/content.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/SEJ_Marketing_Nerds_103_Social_Advertising_Opportunities.mp3 Podcast: Download Subscribe: iTunes | Android | RSS Visit our Marketing Nerds archive to listen to other Marketing Nerds podcasts! In this episode of Marketing Nerds, Boz Boschen, Digital Media Director for ndp, joined me to talk about how far social advertising has come over the last several years. We also chatted about where it’s going, and how those in the advertising sphere are adapting. Here are a few transcribed excerpts from our discussion, but make sure to listen to the podcast to hear everything! How Social Media Advertising has Evolved Within digital media, it’s always interesting to see how consumer habits change over time. Looking at the pace of change, it always seems like the thing that pops up this weekend becomes popular where it’s completely unexpected. Of course, it’s very hard to look into that crystal ball and see where things will be in five or seven years. I think where we are today is really the age of platforms, as everyone is saying. It’s really becoming more about adjusting the ad experience to match that environment in social media. We know that users are spending vast amounts of time on Facebook. Noteworthy in the last week that Facebook weighed in on the ad blocking discussion and has said that they have a point of view on that. Of course, in a very Facebook way, it’s very tech-focused and tech solution rather than the overall philosophy of there’s a value exchange here. In order to get your social media fix, there needs to be some ads to help support it. It’s been really interesting to see what’s happened. Again, I think where we are is less transactional, more relational. Distinguishing Good Content Facebook, as a publicly traded company, looks at it and says “Here’s our short-term goal. We’ve got some things that we need to achieve with our revenue.” Also, measuring that against at what point are we going to turn off users? Do we see their time spent start to drop because we’re forcing more ads into the experience at the detriment of their overall use of Facebook? I think that they’re looking at all of that and trying to decide what’s the right role with this and those sorts of headlines or what’s getting people to engage. They’re experimenting as well with the ad types and the units that they’re employing. I think that they’re trying to test what’s the right environment in the role of the advertising. Smartphones being ubiquitous, what’s the right ad experience on mobile? It’s not going to be that kind of display banner from desktops shrunk down into a smaller space. How do we build something that’s immersive and full-screen and engaging and get somebody to raise their hand while they’re looking for that dopamine fix and scrolling through Facebook? Let’s give them a good experience here and let them go further on their own. I think it’s an interesting way to look at it. We’ve seen success with that for some of our clients and not repurposing creative, but really building something that’s native to the platform. It even plays into digital video. When you look at digital video and you’re going to run it in the Facebook environment, I think everybody now realizes it’s auto-play, it’s silent, it’s subtitled. What’s the right approach for that? How do we load our branding front end? Finding the Most Accessible Platform for Your Content There was Kodak. Now there’s really no longer Kodak, but there’s Instagram. We’re still interested in photography and photos and sharing things and creating memories and preserving them. I think that’s the overall point that there’s some innate human things that are going to continue. It’s just what is the platform. It may be fluid and it might be Facebook. It might be a little bit different. It might be something new that’s still in development. The tricky thing with digital is really overall tracking. That’s a question that comes up from clients all the time is what is the overall spend. What percentage of our budget should be in digital? How do we decide that for social media? Social can be very hard to track and digital as well. Transformation in Media Usage I guess in the overall industry trend over the last five years there’s was sort of a race in marketing tech and ad tech to add more tracking, to go deeper and understand these discreet segments and hyper-targeting populations and looking at everything at the most granular level. Now we’re hearing Procter & Gamble’s pulling back in a sense. Some of this could be a negotiating power as they’re looking at their overall budget with Facebook. I think the point can also be true that as they’re looking at Facebook overall and saying here is two hundred data points against each of these people, how do we then want to divide up our brand spend for direct response? Everything is infinitely measurable, but is that really the way to invest in the platform and the way to approach the audience in that transactional manner? Whatever happens, we’re still going to be looking at a sales funnel to some degree. Is Social Media Worth Investing Your Time and Money? I think it’s really talking to the client about their own goals, their target, understanding within that full target analysis, who are these people, what are their typical media behaviors, weighing social media against everything else that they’re doing in their daily lives and then the budget. How much budget is there and how far can we stretch it? If we look at those priorities, the audience might be fifty-five and older. They’re primarily broadcast, primetime viewers with a little bit of light online. Maybe they’re checking their bank statements and the weather or Facebook to follow-up with the grandkids, whatever it is. Again, it’s unique to each budget, each brand, each target. Making Your Brand Constantly Top of Mind Everybody has been talking about Olympics for the last week since it wrapped [a few weeks ago]. I think NBC is learning some hard lessons about trying to force fit content into the traditional broadcast primetime model and looking at an opportunity that was served up for a multitude of sports where people can go as deep as they want and follow everything as it’s happening. We do live in that world now where everybody gets breaking updates in their smartphones. If you’ve downloaded the app, you’ve opted in for the notifications; you’re going to see the notifications throughout the day. This broadcast partner has decided that they’re going to repackage the content and air it in primetime. I think there’s a limitation there in what they were expecting to happen with the TV viewership that didn’t really match what they were doing online. I think that just allowing the user to be free to engage where they want to and on their own terms and to go as deep as they want. What are you going to lose by having them go further in digital? You’re giving them the content they want. It’s going to trend on social regardless. Don’t fight it. Go with it. To listen to this Marketing Nerds Podcast with Caitlin Rulien and Boz Boschen: Listen to the full episode at the top of this post Subscribe via iTunes Sign up on IFTTT to receive an email whenever the Marketing Nerds podcast RSS feed has a new episode Listen on Stitcher, Overcast, or Pocket Casts Think you have what it takes to be a Marketing Nerd? If so, message Kelsey Jones on Twitter, or email her at kelsey [at] searchenginejournal.com. Visit our Marketing Nerds archive to listen to other Marketing Nerds podcasts! Image Credits Featured Image: Image by Paulo Bobita In-post Photo: tashka2000/DepositPhotos.com http://media.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/p/content.blubrry.com/marketingnerds/SEJ_Marketing_Nerds_103_Social_Advertising_Opportunities.mp3 Podcast: Download Subscribe: iTunes | Android | RSS Related Posts New on #MarketingNerds: How to Get the Most from Your Social Media Campaigns Why Should You Reshare Your Social Media Content Social Media and Search With Two Generation Z’ers #MarketingNerds New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Social Media Tips for Non-Profits Bio Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Latest Posts Caitlin Rulien Social Producer at Search Engine Journal Caitlin is Social Producer for Search Engine Journal and currently a Masters candidate in International Affairs. She can usually be found reading, writing, or refreshing... Read Full Bio @sayscaitlin Caitlin Rulien Latest posts by Caitlin Rulien (see all) Snapchat Adds World Lenses - November 11, 2016 How to Build a Bigger Brand Online with Christina Baldassarre - October 21, 2016 The Achievement Habit #SEJBookClub - October 15, 2016 Subscribe to SEJ! Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Please Enter a Valid Email Address. We value your privacy! See our policy here.   Kaminska Zakrzewska Nice post. Thank your for sharing it. This will serve as a reference to understand where, how and when the different types of social media are created and their exact purposes. Some people have no idea about the origin of Social Media. Subscribe to SEJ Get our weekly newsletter from SEJ's Founder Loren Baker about the latest news in the industry! Email: #SEJThinktank Webinar Linkbuilding in 2016: New Strategies & Resources Wed. November 30th, 12 PM EasternSee all SEJ Marketing Webinars Marketing Nerds Podcast Kerry Jones on Creating Content Around Hot Button Topics See all SEJ Marketing Nerds Podcasts New! Download your copy now READ SEJ ON NEWSSTAND FOLLOW SEJ ON TWITTER Follow @sejournal Popular Posts 1 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 7.2K reads 10/30/2016 2 How to Perform a Technical SEO Audit: Part 1 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 3 11 Ridiculously Effective Ways to Boost Your Organic CTR 4.9K reads 11/7/2016 4 100 Amazing Women Marketers to Follow on Twitter 3.3K reads 11/7/2016 5 6 SEO Pricing Factors Where Your Ignorance can be Deadly 3.1K reads 10/24/2016See All Popular Posts Featured Video Popular Authors 1 Larry Kim Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Get More Facebook Likes for Free 2 Joshua Daniels Twitter Google+ LinkedIn How To Find Anyone’s Email Address In 60 Seconds Or Less 3 Tony Messer Twitter Google+ LinkedIn 7 SEO Tools We’re Thankful For 4 Jacob Millen How to Choose The Right Keywords to Optimize For 5 Aleh Barysevich Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn A Quick 15-Minute SEO Audit: Back to Search School SEJ Executive Editor Profile Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Kelsey Jones Latest Post Does Facebook Live Increase Engagement and Website Traffic? [STUDY] Related Posts 1 New on #MarketingNerds: How to Get the Most from Your Social Media Campaigns 2 Why Should You Reshare Your Social Media Content 3 Social Media and Search With Two Generation Z’ers #MarketingNerds 4 New #MarketingNerds Podcast: Social Media Tips for Non-Profits [X]REGISTER SEJ has been featured in Search Engine Journal is dedicated to producing the latest search news, the best guides and how-tos for the SEO and marketer community. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest RSS Home Jobs Write for SEJ About Contact Privacy Policy Initiatives Advertise Copyright 2016 Search Engine Journal. Published by Alpha Brand Media, all rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Global Market Study on Shavers: Latin America to Witness Highest Growth by 2020 News provided by ReportBuyer Sep 13, 2016, 19:43 ET Share this article LONDON, Sept. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Shaving is one of those activities that grow with the advancement in civilization. Increasing urbanization, rising number of women joining the workforce, and the introduction of new technologies in shaving products is driving the global shavers market. Increasing disposable income is driving consumer spending on high-end grooming products such as electric shavers. In terms of sales, Europe dominated the shavers market in 2014. However, due to growing urbanization in Latin America, the region is expected to emerge as the largest market for shavers over the forecast period. Women in developing countries in Asia, Africa, and Latin America are less concerned about personal grooming as compared to their counterparts in developed countries. This, in turn, affects the shavers market in these countries. As per results of a recent survey conducted in Japan, 56.2% of approximately 1,000 women in Japan aged 20 years – 69 years did not remove body hair. Brazil is one of the largest markets for non-electric shavers. However, women account for less than 10% of the consumers in the country. Several campaigns organized by shaver manufacturers are alluring male and female consumers to use high-end products. However, low share of female consumers in developing countries such as India and Brazil is restraining the overall growth of the market to some extent. The shavers market report starts with an overview that briefly describes the overall market, the expected product development, regional market development and key drivers that are shaping the market. Shavers market is categorically split into three components: Shavers product segment Shavers end-users Shavers distribution channel Shavers region-wise analysis PMR covers the shavers market performance in terms of revenue split. The market forces including drivers, restraints, trends, and opportunity are covered in a report providing qualitative information about the market development. The global shavers market is mainly driven by factors such as growing appearance consciousness, increasing trend of body hair removal, advancement in technology, and rising celebrity endorsements. Rising urbanization and increasing disposable income are significantly impacting the shaver market growth in positive terms. The developing countries are providing ample growth opportunity for the companies operating in the market owing to large untapped markets and growing population. However, the presence of certain restraints such as low adoption of shavers by women in developing countries, and trend of sporting beard are the opposing forces for the shaver market development. Impact analysis of drivers and restraints based on the weighted average model is also included in the report to provide better understanding of the intensity of market forces. Among the product segment, non-electric shavers dominated the global sales with a share of 73.6% in 2014. The non-electric segment is expected to retain its leadership by 2020 with a market size of US$ 23.9 billion. Among end-users, male consumers are expected to dominate the global market with a share of 82.1% in 2014. However, the share of female consumers is expected to increase during the forecast period owing to their increasing employment and increasing focus on appearance. The companies are engaged in innovation and product development to remain competitive. The key players in the global shavers market include Panasonic Corporation, Conair Corporation, Koninklijke Philips N.V., The Procter & Gamble Company, Energizer Holdings, Inc., Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc., Wahl Clipper Corporation, Super-Max Group, and SOCIÉTÉ BIC. The product segment section includes the market size, growth rate, trends and analysis for the segments for the period 2014 - 2020 Product segments covered in the report include: Electric Shavers Non-Electric Shavers Electric shavers section is further categorized between: Foil Rotary Wet/Dry Shavers Non-Electric shavers are further split into: Cartridge Razors Safety Razors Blades and Accessories A section for end-users of electric shavers is also provided that includes market size, growth rate, trends and analysis of the market for the end-users for the period 2014 - 2020 The end-users covered in the report include: Male Consumers Female Consumers Another section based on shaver market revenues from key distribution channels have been provided that includes market size, analysis, and trends for shaver sales pertaining to various distribution channels. The distribution analysis covered in the report includes: Supermarkets and Hypermarkets Online Retailing Others The market analysis is provided for five key regions which include projected development of shavers market during the forecast period, key trends, and analysis The regional section is segmented into: North America Latin America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East & Africa Key points covered in the report: The report provides historic, present and forecasted market size, analysis, trend, share, and growth rate. The report segments the market on the basis of product segment, end-user, and distribution channel and regions. The report provides company profiles of some of the leading companies operating in the market. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3306975/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-market-study-on-shavers-latin-america-to-witness-highest-growth-by-2020-300327604.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 17, 2016, 22:53 ETDigital Video And Mobile Adtech In The M & A Crosshairs 2006 -... Nov 17, 2016, 18:43 ETSports Car Markets in China Explore More news releases in similar topics Cosmetics and Personal Care Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Publishing & Information Services You just read: Global Market Study on Shavers: Latin America to Witness Highest Growth by 2020 News provided by ReportBuyer Sep 13, 2016, 19:43 ET Share this article Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Mesa Legend Mesa Legend News Features Sports Opinions Culture Up to Date Archive Flipbook Facebook Instagram Twitter About Us 11/18/2016 Ryan Lochte caught in high water during Olympics 09/13/2016 by TheMesaLegend2 Leave a Comment Christopher Jones Mesa Legend We all know of stereotypes, everyone acts on them in some way or another; and for society, stereotypes are usually a burden. Assumed characteristics based on past actions by people in similar circumstances to determine as they once were, are now, and always will be seen as such. In this age of celebrating individuality and being proud of who you are one would think that stereotypes would begin to fade away with the past because in reality living by stereotypes couldn’t be any more misleading. These days’ people are rarely as perceived to be.  And then, sometimes, you see someone like Ryan Lochte open his mouth. And then you hear what comes pouring out, it all makes sense why stereotypes aren’t going anywhere. Lochte and his friends have become the poster boys of America to the rest of the world. Nothing says “I’m an American tourist!” like landing in a host city, taking personal glory from it, partying it up and then to leave the place in more disarray than you found it.  The locals have become resentful, and now a forever bitter taste of Americans will last in their lives.  What a move, dude. You have your fun, get wrecked, anger a gas station, you break its bathroom door, you claim to have been robbed, and blame it all on the “crappy Brazilians.” Lochte flew out of Brazil to the U.S. on Tuesday August 16, days before his story about being jumped at the Rio Petrol station by assailants disguised as police officers unraveled- therefore, he can’t really be charged with anything, even by livid Brazilian authorities, for the mess left behind. Of course it’s human nature to deflect attention away from themselves when they have done the wrong in a situation. Any person could have done the same just as easily as Lochte and his friends did. Perhaps the same reaction would have come from a rower from Rwanda or a gymnast from Denmark, but that wasn’t what happened. Ryan ‘Lying’ Lochte – Ugly American with an even uglier hair style – did it. So, beyond the obvious not being a proper Olympian full of honor and integrity dedicated to a sport, he characterized the stereotype of an “Ugly American” a person who cannot be a good guest in a foreign nation.  My fellow travelers get ready for stares on the streets in Prague and over-curious questions from the cab driver. Let’s put the antics aside for Lochte because it surely has not been an easy task playing in their prime with someone by the name of Michael Phelps, who isn’t necessarily a model citizen either, but has earned 28 Olympic medals that makes Lochte’s 12 pedestrian at best. To stand out in the media Lochte has resorted to his goofiness during interviews. It’s not too hard for him, because even playing second fiddle to Phelps, Lochte was still making millions outside the pool with Speedo, Mutual of Omaha, Gillette, Gatorade, Proctor and Gamble, Ralph Lauren, Nissan, and AT&T; although he took a big hit with endorsements after his incident in Rio losing about half of these sponsors. He even dabbled in show business and reality TV shows such as 30 Rock, 90210, and is expected to appear on this next season of Dancing with the Stars on ABC.  Last but not least he dates a Playboy model.If the authorities are right about what happened, the brawl with a Rent-a-cop over a busted door could not have ended much worse than the second part, of which what we know did happen, and cried wolf lying on the group that he victimized. He then left for home leaving behind his friends to fend for themselves. We now look to what action either the USOC or even the IOC will take regarding his actions. If you ask Mario Andrada, the spokesman for the Rio 2016 Olympics, he’ll probably repeat what he said after authorities revealed what actually happened and request we “Give these kids a break,” but one thing is that Lochte isn’t a kid anymore. He’s 32, very much an adult by all or at least many standards most of us are aware of.  The IOC has set up an investigation into what happened that night and another participant in the night, James Feigen, has paid Brazil a fine in order to leave. Fact is that Lochte is not a kid, but he did destroy someone’s private property paid for that, but the crime that has not been addressed is him falsely accusing the security guards of the petrol station of robbery to the media and Brazilian officials.  You take from it for yourself what to take from this whole bizarre situation and what consequences if any should follow. Filed Under: Sports Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Top 10 Recent Poast Presidential candidates talk policy in the Valley 11/09/2016 Interim president to begin significant changes at MCC 11/09/2016 Anxiety still a driving force in American culture 11/09/2016 The Walking Dead story 11/09/2016 Legend’s VIEW 11/09/2016 Technology democratizes creativity of everyone 11/09/2016 Trump’s business savy makes him the better candidate 11/09/2016 Trump talk does not reflect most locker rooms 11/09/2016 9218 11/08/2016 Gay sex is selling more than ever and its thanks to mainstream media 11/08/2016 Recent Posts Presidential candidates talk policy in the Valley Interim president to begin significant changes at MCC Anxiety still a driving force in American culture The Walking Dead story Legend’s VIEW Comments Ronny Howard on Tempe Town Lake drained for dam repairs David LeVack on Generation Y individuality Kyle on SeaWorld ends Orca performance shows IAAF WORLD CHAMPIONSHIPS on Pau Tonneson vaults into the Olympics Terry Roseberry on Skin disorders a common and overlooked affliction Tags #MCC Amazon Arizona Career Celebrities College Construction Dating drugs E-Sports Economy Features Fiesta District Fiesta Mall Football Foreign Student Future Green Card Happiness Immigration Informed international James Foley Journalist Mesa Mesa Community College Mesa Legend News NJCAA opinions police Rumpelstiltskin SkiPro Soccer Social Media Sports Students T-Birds T-Birds Soccer Tempe The View Tinder United States Volleyball Wealth Copyright © 2016 · Metro Pro Theme on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Dyson Ltd Sir James Dyson upbeat about Brexit as company invests in expansion The billionaire inventor believes Britain can now reach trade agreements with countries outside Europe more easily Sir James Dyson was one of the most prominent business leaders to back the Brexit vote. Photograph: Dyson Graham Ruddick Tuesday 13 September 2016 19.01 EDT Last modified on Wednesday 14 September 2016 10.06 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old Sir James Dyson, the billionaire inventor, has said there is no reason for businesses in Britain to be uncertain as a result of the EU referendum and that they would be mad to withhold investment on the back of the vote. Speaking as his company, Dyson, unveiled a £250m expansion of its research and development centre in the Cotswolds, the engineer said Britain could now reach trade agreements with countries outside Europe “much more easily and flexibly” and reconsider its approach to immigration from around the world so it can attract more engineers and scientists from India, China and the far east. Dyson was one of the most prominent business leaders to publicly support Brexit before the referendum in June. His company has developed from a firm specialising in bagless vacuum cleaners into a fast-growing multinational technology company selling bladeless fans, air purifiers, hand-dryers, hairdryers and robotic vacuum cleaners. In the past four years the company’s sales have doubled. Dyson reported revenues of £1.7bn in 2015, up 26% year on year, with profits of £448m. It is investing £5m a week in research and development. Dyson said he could not understand why businesses would stop investing because of the prospect of import duties being introduced on trade between the UK and Europe. Asked whether the economic uncertainty in the UK could hold Dyson back from investing, he said: “I don’t want to be arrogant about this, but I don’t understand why people are uncertain. I think it is something put around. If you are a business, do you actually say, ‘I am not going to make a decision to invest in that factory or I am not going to make a decision to set up in Europe because of this potential 3% [tax].’ As a business, are you actually stopping and not investing because of that? If you were, you would be mad because currency can move 10% in a couple of days. A 3% import duty is not something to worry about. “It is highly unlikely it will come in anyway. The imbalance of trade is £100bn a year. Are you seriously saying that Germany wants to be putting an import duty on British goods going into Germany when we can punish them much greater on their goods? Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dyson 360 Eye robot vacuum cleaner. Photograph: Hannibal Hanschke/Reuters “The trend is towards free trade. The failure of Europe to negotiate a free trade agreement with America, the TTIP, is really worrying. That is uncertainty. If you are waiting for Europe to negotiate free trade agreements China, North America and so on, that is a far greater uncertainty then whether or not you pay 3% to go into Europe.” Dyson’s latest investment involves the opening of a new research building at its campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire. The building, nicknamed D9, will house up to 450 engineers working on top-secret projects. These projects involve work on robotics and battery technology, two key new areas for the company. There are now 2,500 people working at the site out of 7,000 Dyson employees globally. Europe accounts for around 16% of Dyson sales and is still an “attractive” market for the company, its founder and chairman said. However, the business is growing faster in China, South Korea and Japan and Dyson said that Europe was not a single market for his company anyway. “It is not a single market as far as we are concerned,” he said. “There are different plugs, different languages, different boxes, different instructions, different laws, different national characteristics, different psychology, different marketing and different companies.” Dyson insisted that leaving the EU is positive for the UK despite warnings of a slow down in the economy. “It is a positive because we can now negotiate trade agreements with countries much more easily and flexibly on our own then we ever could with 29 countries in Europe,” he said. “We don’t have those problems, we are on our own, we can negotiated a very rapid trade agreement with other countries.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dyson’s HQ. Photograph: WilkinsonEyre & Dyson Research Ltd The 69-year-old also said it was opportunity for Britain to address a shortage of engineers in the country by making its immigration system global. Dyson said: “It has been very much a Europe-focused immigration system, not a global immigration system. A lot of people who want to be engineers come from India, China, and the far east. In Pune [India] there are 40,000 engineers that come out of Pune University every year, which is twice as many as the British [engineers] that come out of the whole of British universities.” “We just don’t have the scale. China produces something like 2 million engineers a year, we produce 20,000. We are just not going to compete globally unless we seriously ramp up the number of people.” The entrepreneur played down criticism from Liam Fox, the international trade secretary, that business executives would rather be playing golf on a Friday afternoon than negotiating export deals. “I don’t think many businesses survive nowadays if you spend your time playing golf,” he said. “What I have been saying is that to compete globally and to export now it is a technology race. If companies aren’t developing technology and this country doesn’t produce enough engineers to take advantage of all the wonderful universities and commercialise their technology we will lag behind economically and be outstripped by our competitors all over the world.” An experimental approach Dyson has become the UK’s nearest equivalent to Apple. It develops cutting-edge technology, is renowned for sleek design and has even opened its own shop on Oxford Street in London. The new £250m extension at its 56-acre campus in Malmesbury, Wiltshire, which is unveiled today, could even help Dyson take on Apple directly. Government documents revealed earlier this year Dyson is working on a battery-powered electric vehicle, although the company refuses to confirm the project. Apple is also rumoured to be working on an electric car. Founded in 1993, Dyson is a young company in more ways than one. The average age of its staff is just 26, a deliberate attempt by founder and chairman Sir James Dyson to try to keep the company on its toes. Dyson’s headquarters is designed to feel like a university campus and even has a sports centre nicknamed “the hangar”. “This is going to sound wrong , but we don’t like experience,” he explains in a rare interview at Dyson’s headquarters. “Experience can be inhibiting. I would rather have a naive, flexible, experimental, pioneering approach, because we want to do everything differently. It is a lot easier if people don’t come along – and this is going to sound slightly nasty – with baggage, and experience with how things are done. We want to find a new and better way of doing things. Graduates are very good at doing that.” Max Conze, the chief executive of Dyson, who joined in 2010 from Procter & Gamble, said the company’s growth is built on a “bet on young people, young graduates” and a “belief in technology and innovation as the engine for growth”. He added: “You have to be willing to listen to people who have just come in and the people who have done this for many years.” Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dyson’s headquarters are designed to feel like a university campus. Dyson’s headquarters are shrouded in mystique and secrecy. From the road, the only evidence of the cutting-edge work that is taking place is a lonely blue airsock bearing its logo. The campus is hidden behind lines of trees. The new D9 research building is a futuristic two-storey structure with reflective glass that offers no sign of what the engineers inside are up to. The company has 129 laboratories for its research and development team, who are working on more than 200 projects. Dyson appears to be on the cusp of major expansion. Its revenues have doubled in the past four years and it wants to double its team of 3,000 engineers by 2021, with £1bn committed to developing new battery technology. The company’s new robotic vacuum cleaner – the Dyson 360 Eye – is a new avenue. After initially specialising in the movement of air, Dyson has broadened its technology into robotics, electric motors and 360-degree cameras. These technologies would clearly be helpful for an electric vehicle. “I don’t think we could deny that,” Dyson says. “But we don’t talk about what we are doing.” The inventor still owns 100% of the company and is estimated to be worth £5bn – more than Sir Richard Branson. Dyson says he has no plans to sell a stake in the business and that its private ownership has been key to its success. “Our CEO can think long term, he doesn’t have to satisfy the newspapers or investorsevery quarter he is raising the profits. We can afford to invest more in research and development, invest in long-term stuff.” More news Topics Dyson Ltd James Dyson EU referendum and Brexit European Union International trade More… Technology sector Europe Global economy Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Dyson Ltd Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Latest News Dow 18,883 -20.41 -0.11% Nasdaq 5,326 -7.48 -0.14% S&P 500 2,184 -3.19 -0.15% 1:21 P.M. ET U.S. oil-rig count climbs, up 11 out of the last 12 weeks 1:16 P.M. ET What an Attorney-General Sessions would mean for marijuana 1:15 P.M. ET Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 1:07 P.M. ET ‘Trump trade’ sparks stampede out of bond funds into stocks 1:07 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil trades at $45.28/bbl, down from $46.13 before rig data 1:07 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count climbs by 20 to 588 1:07 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. weekly active oil-rig count jumps up by 19 to 471 1:05 P.M. ET 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 1:03 P.M. ET Seanergy Maritime's stock plunges after share offering prices at deep discount 12:59 P.M. ET Yellen can’t sate Trump appetite for smaller Fed role in economy, Goldman Sachs says 12:49 P.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Stock market retreats as dollar continues bullish streak 12:47 P.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 12:41 P.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 closes lower, with mining shares hurt by dollar’s strength 12:41 P.M. ET How to save money on holiday cards this year: Go digital 12:41 P.M. ET Nothing in health care is a sure thing under President-elect Trump 12:38 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil gains 11 cents, or 0.2%, to $45.53/bbl Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Mason-Based ConnXus Named Technology Sponsor for International Minority Supplier Development Conference By Published: Sept 13, 2016 10:47 a.m. ET Share MASON, Ohio, Sept. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- ConnXus, a six-year-old supplier diversity software company based in Mason, Ohio, today announced that they are the official technology sponsor for the 2016 global Minority Supplier Development Council United Kingdom (MSDUK) Conference being held September 20-22 in London, England. The conference is a three-day global supplier diversity and inclusive procurement event to be attended by over 600 delegates from Australia, Canada, China, South Africa, the United States, and the United Kingdom. "Our involvement in the MSDUK conference is a growth driver for our business," remarked Rod Robinson, ConnXus founder and CEO. "Through the relationships and trust built there, we will expand our footprint in the global procurement market as we continue our plan to disrupt the $10 billion supply chain software market.  More than money though, it is also giving us the opportunity to ensure our diversity practices are inclusive of a global workforce." Recently named Ohio's 2016 Early Stage Company of the Year, ConnXus contributes its rapid, impressive growth to its state-of-the-art, cloud-based technology featuring 1.7 million diverse suppliers and certifications, and the power of partnerships. "Without the establishment of key local, national, and global partnerships, we could not have seized the opportunity to sponsor the MSDUK conference and raise our recent $5 million Series 'A' funding round," noted Daryl Hammett, ConnXus Chief Operations Officer. We take great pride in moving beyond talent, capital, and customers to build lasting, meaningful relationships." The president of The Social Entrepreneurs Fund and investor in ConnXus' Series "A" round, Liz Luckett, also finds value in the transparency that ConnXus brings to corporate supply chain diversity. She states, "ConnXus offers insight beyond diversity ownership to shed light on employment trends in small businesses by region and vertical industry—a great value to large corporations seeking to leverage supply chain spend to demonstrate their role in job creation across diverse demographics." For Wendy Lea, CEO of Cincinnati-based Cintrifuse, ConnXus' ability to sponsor the MSDUK conference alongside other major organizations such as Procter & Gamble, Enterprise Rent-a-Car, Metlife, Capital One, and the Coca-Cola Company comes as no surprise. "Scaling a startup takes hard work - and it's a road you can't go down all on your own.  Rod and his team at ConnXus have built a formidable partnership strategy that lets them leverage outside resources so they can focus on what they do best.  It's a strategy I wish more entrepreneurs would embrace," she said. It is this level of sophistication and innovation that Mayank Shah, President of MSDUK, is looking forward to sharing with attendees at next week's conference. "We are excited to partner with companies like ConnXus, which are at the forefront of supplier diversity data and reporting management, in order to achieve our goals of sharing knowledge and developing connections." For more information about MSDUK, visit http://msdukconference.msduk.org.uk/ or follow #MSDUKConference. About ConnXus ConnXus (www.connxus.com) is a supplier diversity software company headquartered in Mason, Ohio. The cloud-based platform helps small and diverse businesses, including woman- and minority-owned companies, grow by connecting them to Fortune 2,000 corporations. About Minority Supplier Development Council United Kingdom (MSDUK)MSDUK (www.msduk.org.uk) is the UK's leading non-profit membership organization driving inclusive procurement. The organization promotes the ethos of diversity and inclusion in public and private sector supply chains by identifying and introducing innovative and entrepreneurial ethnic minority owned businesses (EMBs). Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406964 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160913/406963LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/mason-based-connxus-named-technology-sponsor-for-international-minority-supplier-development-conference-300327028.html SOURCE ConnXus Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews


Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Health & Fitness September 13, 2016 7:32 AM Most hand soaps and body washes banned by the FDA The U.S. government is banning more than a dozen chemicals, including triclosan, long-used in antibacterial soaps and washes, saying manufacturers have failed to show that they are safe and prevent the spread of germs. AP File photo i By Gabriella Dunn gdunn@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Many of the hand soaps and body washes found in supermarkets and shops are being banned by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. The FDA says the products could contribute to bacterial resistance and don’t perform any better than plain soap and water. The ban applies to ingredients found in at least 40 percent of the overall soap market, according to a report from MedlinePlus, a project of the U.S. National Library of Medicine. The ban covers soaps and body washes containing triclosan and triclocarban, the two most common antibacterial ingredients, the FDA says. Another 17 active ingredients also are included in the ban. The ban covers soaps and body washes containing triclosan and triclocarban, the two most common antibacterial ingredients, the FDA says. Most soaps labeled “antibacterial” or “antimicrobial” contain at least one of those ingredients. Triclosan is most often included in liquid soap, while triclocarban is found in bar soaps. There are more than 2,100 antibacterial soaps sold today, according to the MedlinePlus report. But the new ban does not cover hand sanitizer gels or wipes, or antiseptics used in health care settings. The FDA has said it’s banning the soaps because of concerns that antibacterial soaps might contribute to bacterial resistance. At least 2 million people per year become infected with antibiotic-resistant bacteria, and at least 23,000 die from those infections, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. MedlinePlus said other studies have also shown that the ingredient triclosan can affect the thyroid, estrogen and testosterone in mammals. Meanwhile, manufacturers failed to show the antibacterial soaps performed any better than old fashioned soap and water. Manufacturers have one year to comply with the ban. Many manufacturers, such as Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson, already started phasing out some ingredients, the FDA told MedlinePlus. Three other ingredients used in consumer wash products could also be banned. The FDA is giving manufacturers one more year to provide evidence that the three ingredients found in antibacterial soaps are more effective than regular soap and safe. Those ingredients include benzalkonium chloride, benzethonium chloride and chloroxylenol. Gabriella Dunn: 316-268-6400, @gabriella_dunn Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Health & Fitness Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:29 Woman killed, infant missing Pause 4:52 Rep. Mike Pompeo calls on imams to disavow terrorism 1:35 Trump transition team member: Wall will get built 2:49 Salvation Army announces fundraising goal to kick off holiday season 4:03 In sickness and in health 2:03 Last remaining speaker of the Wichita language dies at 89 1:43 Motorcycle crash near Garden Plain kills man 3:07 So what can Trump actually do in his first 100 days? 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans 0:36 30-second pizza Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Cancer patient's craving sparks her fundraising efforts 1:28 a month ago Cancer patient's craving sparks her fundraising efforts 3:01 a month ago How marijuana affects your driving 1:42 2 months ago How does tuberculosis (TB) spread? View more video Health & Fitness Home remedies: dealing with dandruff It’s sometimes called ‘the winter blues’ Where the wild things (blueberries) are How do you avoid a cesarean section delivery? Health events Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Tiffany Hires Former Canadian Pacific CFO To Head Its Finance R. Chandrasekaran , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} September 13, 2016 7:31am   Comments Share: Related TIF Tiffany Gets A Shiny New Price Target At Jefferies Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade Tiffany declares $0.45 dividend (Seeking Alpha) Tiffany & Co. (NYSE: TIF) revealed that it hired a former Canadian Pacific CFO, Mark Erceg, to head its finance department. As EVP and CFO, he would be held responsible for functions of its worldwide financial, indirect procurement and information technology. He will assume the position October 18. The jewelry and specialty retailer indicated Erceg would be located in New York and would report to CEO, Frederic Cumenal. His appointment comes after the company's former CFO left in May last to pursue a position at another company. Erceg worked in Canadian Pacific Railway Limited since May 2015. He held the same position between 2010 and 2015 at Masonite International Corporation. He started his career at  Procter & Gamble in 1992, serving more than 18 years in finance, market strategy, customer response, general management and global investor relations. Cumenal said, "As the new leader of our multi-talented finance, procurement and information technology organizations, his varied experience and global perspective will be important as we continue to work toward strengthening Tiffany's luxury brand position around the world and enhancing our profitability and productivity." The stock closed at $68.30 on Monday. Posted-In: News Management © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (TIF) Tiffany Gets A Shiny New Price Target At Jefferies Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Monday Trade Your Luxury Brands Earnings Cheat Sheet Guggenheim Initiates Coverage On 21 Retail Stocks Here's All Of CLSA's Ratings On Specialty Retail Low Expectations May Offer Tiffany A Chance To Shine View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on TIF Trending Recent 1 CBDS, APHQF: 5 Best Marijuana Stocks Of 2016 2 DCIX, GLBS: 3 Legitimate Catalysts Driving The Illegitimate Rally In Sh... 3 WMT, HAIN: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 4 TOPS, DRYS: What Is The Baltic Dry Shipping Index An... 5 TSLA, MBLY: Mobileye Could Collapse By Nex... 6 SINO, EGLE: DryShips Announces O... 7 DSKX, DRYS: The T-12 N... 1 Corn, Wheat Futures Move Up 2 U.S. Dollar Index Higher, Leading Index Edges Up 3 USD/JPY Moves Up 4 F: Winning Already? CNBC's Auto Expert Says Donald Trump 'Can Claim A Vi... 5 CRM: Salesforce's Momentum Improves As It Heads Into A Critical Q4 6 U.S. Dollar Index Moves Up, Kansas City Fed Manufacturing Index Slips 7 RGC, HIBB: Worst Performing Industries For November 18, 2016 View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Facebook To Roll Out Messenger Platform Version 1.2 Delivering Alpha 2016: Everything You Need To Know
Fri, Nov 18, 2016 | Updated 11.54 PM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government IDC Herzliya signs MoU with SP Jain technology school for cybersecurity training No proposal for action against COAI over non-participation in Trai meet Global LED technology expo to be held in Delhi during December 2-4 Electric vehicle startup GMW helping companies make faster product deliveries IITs eye core sectors like finance, technology for this year's placements FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Reliance Jio vs Bharti Airtel: Corporate duels in the 21st centuryMalini Goyal This is the second time the two telecom czars are dueling. The first battle was fought in early 2000s. Mittal is now pacing up to match Ambani’s offensive. | ET Bureau | Updated: Sep 13, 2016, 01.37 PM IST Corporate history is littered with marquee rivalries. Boeing vs Airbus. HUL vs P&G. Nike vs Adidas. Ford vs GM. Great rivalries make great stories. But for multiple reasons, corporate duels no longer feel the same in the digital-led 21st century. Corporate rivalries make battles interesting. There is one playing out in the telecom sector right now. Bharti Airtel's Sunil Bharti Mittal is readying for a fierce and bruising battle with Mukesh Ambani who has just rolled out Reliance Jio 4G network. In the works since 2010, Ambani has already ploughed in $16 billion - supposedly the biggest greenfield project in India - to get started. This is the second time the two telecom czars are dueling. The first battle was fought in early 2000s. Mittal is now pacing up to match Ambani's offensive. He will be investing over $9 billion in the next three years to beef up Airtel's network. Rivalries make things difficult. But they also help in multiple ways. For one, they help in rallying the troops. A great rivalry can charge up the team, bringing lot of energy, emotions and passion in a dull, brutal mercenary game of bottomlines and toplines. Good rivals can bring out the best in you. Novak Djokovic recently admitted that while it was tough to be playing in an era dominated by tennis stars Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal, But also, he admitted said, it were these great rivalries that played a big part in shaping his successful tennis career. Airtel's Mittal too admitted to The Financial Times in a recent interview, "If Reliance was not there on the horizon the pace of our rollout would have been slower." Competition is a byword in the corporate world. Everybody deals with them. But some rivalries are special. They are not just rivalries. They are made of bigger stuff. They go far beyond. Part of the folklore where they are lived, ritualised and instilled as part of the corporate DNA - inside and outside the corporate office. If you have worked with Pepsi or Coca-Cola, you would know. Consuming the rival's product is a strict no-no. Doing it in public is a professional hara-kiri. Once upon a time, Korean giants LG and Samsung had that very special place for each other. The unwritten rule then was that no Samsung employees can use LG product and vice versa. The story goes that when Samsung hired Pradeep Tognatta in early 2000s, Tognatta invited Korean Samsung executives home for dinner. The Koreans found LG ACs installed at Tognatta's home. Soon, Samsung honchos got Samsung ACs delivered to his place to replace the LG ACs. Corporate history is littered with marquee rivalries. Boeing vs Airbus. HUL vs P&G. Nike vs Adidas. Ford vs GM. But there are many reasons why corporate duels in the 21st century does not feel the same any more. Old ones like Coca-Cola and Pepsi are losing their fizz. And you don't see many new iconic ones make headlines. For a variety of reasons, the world of marquee duels is changing. Here are a few ways in which corporate duels are getting a new makeover in the digital era. Competition from the garage: In the digital world, growing up on heavy doses of innovation and lot lesser cash, companies like Google know that it's the guy somewhere in the garage who will give them competition. This has happened in sector after sector. Whoever thought Walmart will face heat from Amazon. Or a young Silicon Valley company like Tesla could give American and German car makers such a tough competition. Shorter business cycles: Volatility in the corporate has risen sharply. Think of Nokia. It first entered the mobile phone business in the 1990s. Within a decade it had become the most popular handset brand in the world. And over the next decade it lost its grip so much that it was sold to Microsoft recently. For Nokia all it took all of two decades to start afresh, rise to the top and then touch the bottom. With such volatile fortunes, MNCs do not have the luxury, resources and time to build iconic rivalries. It's a fluid corporate world: Google is a search company. But it considers Amazon as its biggest rival. For companies in the digital era, boundaries around products and services are very fuzzy and their business can often be amoeba-like growing in multiple and unpredictable directions. For a great corporate duel, existence of a sharply defined rival is critical. And that seems to be often missing in the digital era. Era of frenemies: The corporate world is increasingly lot more complex. It is very global. Dominance in one market may not easily extend to new market. Cab hailing app Uber may be a leader in the US but in China it was humbled by DiDi. Also technology is making the playing field lot more complex forcing erstwhile rivals to at times collaborate. Think of the e-reader market where Apple iPad and Amazon Kindle compete aggressively. Amazon took the bold step of making Kindle Reader available on Apple products like the iPAd and iPhone enabling its consumers to read e-books on Apple devices. In the deep-pocketed automobile world, Toyota is now partnering with luxury car maker BMW to develop a rear-wheel-drive sports car family. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News You may soon get Jio SIM delivered at your doorstep UK's Three mobile network targeted by hacking attack MTNL under 'serious' debt: Government Self-driving cars raise concerns about data privacy Debit card hack under forensic probe, says government From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Airtel to offer 10GB data for Rs 259 across India Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win WhatsApp starts rolling out video-calling feature Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Trai recommends Rs 3,050 crore penalty on Airtel, Vodafone, Idea for not providing interconnect to Reliance Jio Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers Apple sends out invites for October 27 event 'hello again', hints at new MacBooks and more WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users Round 3 of Flipkart, Amazon ‘big sale’ announced Amazon India ropes in Ravi Desai as CMO 14-year-old wins battle against Facebook over leaked pictures Amazon may launch exchange offer for TVs and more this Diwali Facebook terms removing 'Vietnam war photo' a mistake Chinese smartphone companies Oppo, Vivo and Gionee planning big for Diwali Want to spy on iPhone owners? This company can help Facebook Messenger chatbots will soon accept direct payments and more Reliance Jio to hold one-on-one talks with Airtel, Vodafone and Idea Amazon Web's Kabali moment: The cloud powers almost everything 1Reliance Jio vs Bharti Airtel: Corporate duels in the 21st century 2Amazon India ropes in Ravi Desai as CMO 314-year-old wins battle against Facebook over leaked pictures 4Amazon may launch exchange offer for TVs and more this Diwali 5Facebook terms removing 'Vietnam war photo' a mistake 6Chinese smartphone companies Oppo, Vivo and Gionee planning big for Diwali 7Want to spy on iPhone owners? This company can help 8Facebook Messenger chatbots will soon accept direct payments and more 9Reliance Jio to hold one-on-one talks with Airtel, Vodafone and Idea 10Amazon Web's Kabali moment: The cloud powers almost everything GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Micromax Canvas Spark 4G ZTE CYMBAL-T Meizu Pro 6S Samsung W2017 Huawei Mate 9 Porsche Design Lenovo P2 32 GB Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. LATEST VIDEOS More Videos: Rates from Bankrate.com Mortgage Credit Cards Auto US stocks leap as investors hope for steady interest rates 09/13/2016 - 2:00 AM EDT NEW YORK >> U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn't raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday's drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn't raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. More Headlines Legoland attraction to debut in spring at Plymouth Meeting Mall US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health Ho, ho, hold up before you spend this season Region's businesses urged to fight data breaches US stocks finish level as tech losses cancel out bank gains David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem "noncommittal" and aren't sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed's cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. "The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes," he said. "What's one quarter of one percent? It's nothing." The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday's losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung's printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world's largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. Markets overseas took sharp losses following the rout in the U.S. Friday. Germany's DAX fell 1.3 percent while the CAC-40 in France also lost 1.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares gave up 1.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 1.7 percent and South Korea's Kospi slid 2.3 percent. In Hong Kong the Hang Seng shed 3.4 percent. 1 2 next  last »
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Stock markets recoup half of Friday’s loss Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: 2014 asbestos release Colo. car crashes First-and-Orange podcast Denver mayor on Trump Late-night Melania Trump jokes Tiny-home subdivision Business Economy Stock markets recoup half of Friday’s loss Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press September 13, 2016 at 12:21 am Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Two killed in three major crashes across Colorado’s wet, snowy roads Donald Trump pledge to target “sanctuary” cities could cost Denver, Aurora How far will late-night TV hosts go with Melania Trump jokes? Pomona lineman Jake Moretti, state’s top recruit, flips commitment from Ohio State to Colorado Broncos’ blocked kick game-winner was a rare perfect storm in the NFL Salida OK’s community of 200 tiny homes to help ease housing crunch By Marley Jay, The Associated Press U.S. stocks surged Monday after a Federal Reserve official said the central bank shouldn’t raise interest rates too soon, which came as a big relief to investors. After a market nosedive on Friday, investors bought safe investments like household goods makers and phone companies. Technology companies also jumped. Stocks started the day lower following Friday’s drop, but they soon rallied. Investors were pleased when Lael Brainard, a member of the Federal Reserve board, said the Fed shouldn’t raise interest rates quickly because that could hurt the economy. The biggest gains went to safe investments that pay big dividends, as they are more enticing to investors when interest rates and bond yields are low. Stocks had plunged Friday following remarks from another Fed official that suggested interest rates could go up next week. David Kelly, chief global strategist for JPMorgan Funds, said he thinks Federal Reserve policymakers seem “noncommittal” and aren’t sure if they should raise interest rates now or not. In his opinion, the Fed’s cautious attitude toward raising interest rates even a little is causing strong market reactions. “The more cautious they are, the more sensitive the market becomes,” he said. “What’s one quarter of one percent? It’s nothing.” The Dow Jones industrial average jumped 239.62 points, or 1.3 percent, to 18,325.07. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 31.23 points, or 1.5 percent, to 2,159.04. The Nasdaq composite surged 85.98 points, or 1.7 percent, to 5,211.89. The gains in the main three U.S. indexes made up for more than half of Friday’s losses. As investors sought safe-play picks, retail giant Wal-Mart rose $1.64, or 2.3 percent, to $71.94 and Procter & Gamble gained $2.01, or 2.3 percent, to $88.25. Phone companies also rose and AT&T gained $1, or 2.5 percent, to $40.71. Those stocks took some of the biggest losses Friday. HP agreed to buy Samsung’s printer business for $1.05 billion, and HP stock rose 54 cents, or 3.9 percent, to $14.49. That helped take technology stocks higher. Elsewhere, Apple rose $2.31, or 2.2 percent, to $105.44 and communications chip maker Broadcom picked up $3.70, or 2.3 percent, to $164.48. Canadian companies Agrium and Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan agreed to combine into the world’s largest crop nutrient company. The companies value their combined business at $36 billion, and Potash shareholders will own a majority of stock in the new company. Potash stock lost 21 cents, or 1.2 percent, to $16.76 and Agrium dipped $2.57, or 2.7 percent, to $92.64. U.S. stocks had plunged late last week after Federal Reserve Bank of Boston President Eric Rosengren said there’s a case to be made the U.S. central bank should raise rates sooner rather than later. Rosengren and Brainard have both been reluctant to raise rates too quickly. Investors are not sure if the central bank will raise interest rates, and they’re not sure the economy is healthy enough to handle that. Higher rates threaten stocks by making interest-paying savings accounts and bonds more attractive to investors. They could also ding corporate earnings by raising companies’ borrowing costs. U.S. crude rose 41 cents to $46.29 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the benchmark for international oil trading, climbed 31 cents to $48.32 a barrel in London. Gold fell $8.90 to $1,325.60 an ounce. Silver lost 37 cents, or 1.9 percent, to $19 an ounce. Copper gained 1 cent to $2.10 a pound. Bond prices rose. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 1.67 percent from 1.68 percent. The dollar fell to 101.84 yen from 102.69 yen late Friday. The euro rose to $1.1241 from $1.1228. Tags:  stock market Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Economy Janet Yellen says she isn’t going anywhere when Donald Trump takes office November 17, 2016, 6:56 pm Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen appears unruffled by incoming President Donald Trump’s victory last week. Colorado wants more precision in economic development incentives November 18, 2016, 8:54 am The Colorado Economic Development Commission approved a new scoring matrix for its popular Job Growth Incentive Tax Credit program, one designed to more precisely target state incentive awards. Mortgage rates surge, but homebuyers advised to be patient November 17, 2016, 1:08 pm With mortgage rates surging following the election win of Donald Trump, homebuyers may feel compelled to snap up loans before rates rocket even higher. But housing experts say consumers shouldn’t get carried away by the post-election wave. Report: Colorado ranks No. 4 for smaller businesses while Denver moves up to 15 November 17, 2016, 5:00 am Denver may be a hub for fast-growing startups. But a new report from the Ewing Marion Kauffman Foundation shows the city and the state of Colorado attract and keep slower-growing businesses, too. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
vator vatorX vatornews Register Log in Newsroom Innovation series Interviews Lessons learned Trends & news Today's Entrepreneur: Kate Edwards No. 1 mistake entrepreneurs make? Making an app for the sake of it. Technology trends and news by Jam Narte September 12, 2016 | Comments Short URL: http://vator.tv/n/4727 Today's  Entrepreneur is Kate Edwards, Co-founder at Heartbeat. Heartbeat rewards millennial women for being their authentic selves on social media. Heartbeat is network of 30,000 everyday millennial women who are bold, passionate, and influential in their real lives, not just their digital ones. They have created a strong brand around Heartbeat, and invite women to join the movement of empowerment - rewarding women for being their authentic selves rather than who they are supposed to be online. Here's a little bit about Kate: I am a(n): Entrepreneur Companies I work or worked for: Facebook, Three Day Rule, Textpert If you are an entrepreneur, why? I want to change the world. My favorite startups: Snapchat, NailSnaps, Overnight What's most frustrating and rewarding about entrepreneurship/innovation? When people don't understand your vision because their brain works in a different way. I combat this through putting emphasis on communication - once you recognize that investors, developers, partners, and clients all use their brains in different ways, you can strategize around that. What's the No. 1 mistake entrepreneurs make? Making an app for the sake of it. Please, I don't need anymore apps on my phone! Entrepreneurs also don't put enough emphasis on social skills and networking - product will always be #1, but networking should be #2. What are the top three lessons you've learned as an entrepreneur? 1. You probably don't need that other co-founder. 2. Fundraising is exactly like dating. 3. You're going to need more whiteboards than you think.   Full bio Kate is a growth expert, startup founder, tech nerd, and social media aficionado. Kate attended Brown University and worked at top creative advertising agencies JWT and Publicis New York on clients: Procter & Gamble and Johnson & Johnson. Kate received her MBA at UCLA Anderson. Kate worked at innovative matchmaking startup Three Day Rule, and has been featured on numerous podcasts, panels, and tv shows. Kate has consulted and advised many startups in the Los Angeles area on growth, user acquisition, content marketing, strategy, and fundraising. Kate is a co-founder of Heartbeat and is thrilled to be able to follow her heart and empower real women every day. Heartbeat may be one of the presenters on stage pitching Marck Cuban (Maverick), Dana Settle (Greycroft), Brian Lee (Honest Company), Mike Jones (Science) and so many more at Splash LA 2016, 10/13 in Santa Monica. Register here! Register Here. Permalink <span>Send</span> Related companies, investors and entrepreneurs Heartbeat Startup/Business Description: We reward millennial women for being themselves on social media. We've built a network of 30,000 everyday millennial women who are "brand... Kate Edwards Bio: Kate is a growth expert, startup founder, tech nerd, and social media aficionado. Kate attended Brown University and worked at top creati... Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Programs Vator Investment Club The Vator Investment Club seeks startups that are changing the world through innovative technologies and clever business models.   We ... Learn more » Enter now! VatorNews Featured Stories Snapchat said to have filed a confidential IPO by Steven Loeb Apple is developing its own smart glasses by Steven Loeb Meet John Durant, General Partner at Wild Ventures by Ronny Kerr Peter Thiel's bet on Trump is paying off by Steven Loeb Election 2016: 4 new states legalize recreational cannabis by Steven Loeb When will your local pharmacy carry cannabis? by Ronny Kerr © 2012 Vator, Inc. Events About Careers Contact Directory Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search Fatty Acid Ester Market Analysis By Product (Medium Chain Triglycerides, Glyceryl Monostearate, Isopropyl Esters), By Application (Personal Care & Cosmetics, Lubricants, Food Processing, Surfactants & Detergents, Pharmaceuticals) and Segment Forecasts To News provided by Reportlinker Sep 12, 2016, 19:52 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Sept. 12, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- The global Fatty Acid Ester Market is expected to reach USD 2.44 billion by 2022, according to a new report. Growing consumer awareness and regulatory policies regarding bio-based polymers and products are vital factors for industry development over the forecast period. Global industry is expected to be driven by increasing fatty acid esters demand in personal care, cosmetics and food processing applications. Medium chain trigylcerides (MCT) have found headways in food applications where they are used in several weight loss programs owing to low calorific content and fat-burning properties. Other FAEs such as emollient and polyols esters are gaining prominence in personal care applications that could impact product growth in cosmetics where natural, bio-based ingredients are substituting synthetic & toxic chemicals. Further key findings from the report suggest: Global Fatty Acid Ester Market size was 1,141.5 kilo tons in 2014 and is expected to reach 1,563.4 kilo tons by 2022, growing at a CAGR of 4.6% from 2015 to 2022. Glycerol monostearate (GMS) was the largest product segment and accounted for 39.3% of total market volume in 2014. High demand for GMS as an emulsifying agent, protective coating agent and food additive in diverse processing and industrial applications has been a major factor for its growth. Medium chain triglycerides (MCT) were the fastest growing product with high demand arising from expanding end-use industries in emerging economies such as China & India. The segment is likely to grow at an estimated CAGR of 5.3% in terms of demand. Personal care & cosmetics was the leading application segment and accounted for 34.5% of total market volume in 2014. Rising consumer disposable income and growing consumer demand for natural ingredients are expected to remain key factors driving this segment over the forecast period. North America was the leading regional market with demand share exceeding 35% in 2014. High consumer disposable income and increasing adoption of MCT in weight loss programs particularly in the U.S. has impacted the regional market. Key companies operating in the global Fatty Acid Ester Market include Cargill, DuPont, Estelle Chemicals, P&G Chemicals, Stéarinerie Dubois, The Seydel Companies Inc., Evonik Industries and others such as Faci Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd., Fine Organics and KLK Oleo. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p03863191-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/fatty-acid-ester-market-analysis-by-product-medium-chain-triglycerides-glyceryl-monostearate-isopropyl-esters-by-application-personal-care--cosmetics-lubricants-food-processing-surfactants--detergents-pharmaceuticals--300326605.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 05:41 ETCaribbean Telecommunications Report Q4 2016 Nov 17, 2016, 21:00 ETElevators Market - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Fatty Acid Ester Market Analysis By Product (Medium Chain Triglycerides, Glyceryl Monostearate, Isopropyl Esters), By Application (Personal Care & Cosmetics, Lubricants, Food Processing, Surfactants & Detergents, Pharmaceuticals) and Segment Forecasts To News provided by Reportlinker Sep 12, 2016, 19:52 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In

Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Corporations and Organizations Help American Red Cross Prepare Communities for Disasters News provided by American Red Cross Sep 14, 2016, 08:30 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Sept. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- During National Preparedness Month in September, the American Red Cross is recognizing 96 leading corporations and organizations that give to the Red Cross Annual Disaster Giving Program (ADGP) and Disaster Responder Program. Contributions enable the Red Cross to prepare communities for disasters, respond whenever and wherever disasters occur and help families during the recovery process.  The Red Cross has responded to three times more large-scale disasters during the first months of 2016 than the previous three years combined along with helping at the scene of hundreds of home fires and other smaller disasters every day. Members of both programs pledge donations in advance of disasters, which provide the Red Cross with a reliable funding base to immediately respond. Financial and in-kind donations from members support Red Cross disaster relief activities, including sheltering, feeding, purchasing and distributing relief supplies, storing equipment, maintaining vehicles, and providing health and emotional support. "We are extremely grateful for our ADGP and Disaster Responder members because they understand the importance of having vital resources in place before a disaster strikes," said Gail McGovern, president and CEO at the American Red Cross. "Their support ensures that the necessary supplies get into any affected area to immediately provide support to disaster survivors and emergency personnel. We are very thankful for their generous gifts as we work to help people impacted by disasters each and every day." Since the beginning of 2016, the Red Cross has provided disaster relief all over the country, including blizzards, floods, tornadoes and many other types of disasters. Large disaster responses have included the destructive floods and tornadoes in Texas, the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, and torrential rains and flooding in Missouri, Mississippi, Texas, as well as the most recent flooding in Louisiana.  For these large disasters, the Red Cross opened or supported a total of 221 shelters providing more than 88,000 overnight stays and delivered 2,127,000 meals and snacks. Red Cross volunteers are also in their local communities every day, teaching preparedness and helping people cope with disasters big and small across the United States. ADGP and Disaster Responder members enable the Red Cross to improve community resilience in areas at higher risk for disasters such as hurricanes, wildfires, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods and, most commonly, house fires. The current members of the Red Cross $1M Annual Disaster Giving Program are: American Airlines; Anheuser-Busch Foundation; Anthem Foundation; Boise Paper; Caterpillar Foundation; Costco Wholesale; Delta Air Lines; Disney; Enterprise Rent-A-Car Foundation; FedEx; The Home Depot Foundation; Humble Bundle; LDS Charities; Lowe's Companies, Inc.; Mazda North American Operations; Merck Foundation; Nationwide Foundation; State Farm; Target; UPS; VSP℠ Vision care for life; Walmart and the Walmart Foundation; and The Wawa Foundation. The current members of the Red Cross $500k Annual Disaster Giving Program are: Altria Group; American Express; Aon; Bank of America; Capital One; Cisco Foundation; Citi Foundation; Darden Restaurants, Inc. Foundation; Discover; Edison International; Farmers Insurance; Ford Motor Company; Grainger; John Deere Foundation; Johnson Controls; Medtronic; Meijer; Mondelēz International Foundation; National Grid; PepsiCo Foundation; Prudential Foundation; Ryder; Southwest Airlines; Sprint; Sunoco; The TJX Companies, Inc.; United Airlines; United Technologies Corporation; Visa; and Wells Fargo. The current members of the Red Cross Disaster Responder Program are: Alcoa; Almost Family; Astellas USA Foundation; AT&T; AvalonBay Communities, Inc.; AXA; Ball Foundation; BNY Mellon; CarMax; The Clorox Company; Cox Automotive; DTE Energy Foundation; Duke Energy; Entergy Corporation; General Motors Foundation; Harbor Freight Tools; Hewlett Packard Enterprise Foundation; Hi-Rez Studios; HP Foundation; IBM Corporation; IKEA; Ingersoll Rand Foundation; Interstate All Battery Center; Land O'Lakes, Inc.; MetLife Foundation; Morgan Stanley; Neiman Marcus Group; New Balance Foundation; Northrop Grumman Corporation; Northwestern Mutual and the Northwestern Mutual Foundation; Procter & Gamble Company; PSEG Foundation; PuroClean Disaster Recovery; Red Heart Yarns; SC Johnson; ScriptRelief; Sealed Air; SERVPRO; Southeastern Grocers Home of BI-LO Harveys Winn Dixie; T O Y O T A; The USAA Foundation; U.S. Bank; and U-Haul International. About the American Red Cross: The American Red Cross shelters, feeds and provides emotional support to victims of disasters; supplies about 40 percent of the nation's blood; teaches skills that save lives; provides international humanitarian aid; and supports military members and their families. The Red Cross is a not-for-profit organization that depends on volunteers and the generosity of the American public to perform its mission. For more information, please visit redcross.org or cruzrojaamericana.org, or visit us on Twitter at @RedCross. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20090108/RedCrossLOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/corporations-and-organizations-help-american-red-cross-prepare-communities-for-disasters-300327459.html SOURCE American Red Cross Related Links http://www.redcross.org Oct 03, 2016, 09:26 ET Preview: Red Cross and Partners Installing Record 45,000 Smoke Alarms in Homes Across U.S. in October Sep 13, 2016, 08:00 ET Preview: American Red Cross Launches New Hero Care App My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 06:00 ETHoliday Travel: Red Cross Urges Safety As Millions Take to the... Nov 17, 2016, 15:02 ETThe American Red Cross Urges You to Bring Hope and Help this... Explore More news releases in similar topics Health Care & Hospitals Public Safety Corporate Social Responsibility Not For Profit You just read: Corporations and Organizations Help American Red Cross Prepare Communities for Disasters News provided by American Red Cross Sep 14, 2016, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,883 -20.48 -0.11% Nasdaq 5,326 -7.50 -0.14% S&P 500 2,184 -3.19 -0.15% 1:21 P.M. ET U.S. oil-rig count climbs, up 11 out of the last 12 weeks 1:16 P.M. ET What an Attorney-General Sessions would mean for marijuana 1:15 P.M. ET Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 1:07 P.M. ET ‘Trump trade’ sparks stampede out of bond funds into stocks 1:07 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil trades at $45.28/bbl, down from $46.13 before rig data 1:07 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. total weekly active drilling-rig count climbs by 20 to 588 1:07 P.M. ET Baker Hughes: U.S. weekly active oil-rig count jumps up by 19 to 471 1:05 P.M. ET 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 1:03 P.M. ET Seanergy Maritime's stock plunges after share offering prices at deep discount 12:59 P.M. ET Yellen can’t sate Trump appetite for smaller Fed role in economy, Goldman Sachs says 12:49 P.M. ET Updated Salesforce sets finish line in race to $10 billion 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Trump’s plans for trade and foreign policy could end up hurting the U.S. 12:48 P.M. ET Updated Health savings accounts are a crown jewel of ‘Trump care’ 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Next for Tesla and SolarCity: The lawsuits 12:47 P.M. ET Updated Stock market retreats as dollar continues bullish streak 12:47 P.M. ET Updated What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry 12:41 P.M. ET Updated FTSE 100 closes lower, with mining shares hurt by dollar’s strength 12:41 P.M. ET How to save money on holiday cards this year: Go digital 12:41 P.M. ET Nothing in health care is a sure thing under President-elect Trump 12:38 P.M. ET Dec. WTI oil gains 11 cents, or 0.2%, to $45.53/bbl Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets The Technical Indicator Get email alerts S&P 500 survives major technical test, bull trend (tenuously) intact By Michael Ashbaugh Published: Sept 13, 2016 1:00 p.m. ET Share Focus: 10-year yield sustains the breakout, Sub-sector leaders maintain support (so far), Energy’s breakout attempt By MichaelAshbaugh Technicals columnist Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Broadly speaking, the September downdraft has inflicted damage against a still distinctly technical U.S. market backdrop. Consider that the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have effectively nailed major support — around S&P 2,117 and Dow 18,000 — areas that remain an immediate bull-bear battleground. Before detailing the U.S. markets’ wider view, the S&P 500’s SPX, -0.15%  hourly chart highlights the past two weeks. As illustrated, the S&P’s price action remains technical. The index has thus far bottomed at 2,119 — matching the 2,117 support — before rising to close at 2,159, matching the breakdown point. These areas remain inflection points. The bear case strengthens on a violation of support, while a close atop resistance would neutralize the September downdraft. Similarly, the Dow industrials’ DJIA, -0.11%  backdrop remains technical. In its case, the index has bottomed near the 18,000 mark, before rising to resistance matching the 2015 peak of 18,351. Recall that the 18,000 area matches significant support, better illustrated on the daily chart. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite’s backdrop remains slightly stronger. Consider that it tagged all-time highs just last week, and had reclaimed the breakdown point at Monday’s close. Widening the view to six months adds perspective. On this wider view, the Nasdaq has maintained next support closely matching the 5,100 mark. From current levels, the breakdown point — technically Nasdaq 5,186 — remains an area to track. The index closed Monday higher, but has reversed to less-charted territory with Tuesday’s early downturn. A sustained posture atop the breakdown point would place the brakes on bearish momentum. Looking elsewhere, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has maintained significant support closely matching the 18,000 mark — at least so far. Recall that resistance matches the 2015 peak of 18,351, illustrated on the hourly chart, and is followed by the 50-day moving average, currently 18,424. Similarly, the S&P 500 has maintained its breakout point. Recall that significant support spans from 2,117 to 2,120, illustrated above, and matching the March and November 2015 peaks. The bigger picture Broadly speaking, the September downdraft has inflicted damage, though the market price action remains technical. To start, each widely-tracked benchmark has closely observed its first notable support — the S&P 2,117, Dow 18,000 and Nasdaq 5,100 areas. Moreover, the S&P 500 and Dow industrials have subsequently reversed almost precisely to their respective breakdown points — the S&P 2,160 and Dow 18,350 areas. Against this backdrop, the SPDR Trust S&P 500’s SPY, -0.15% six-month chart includes volume. Not surprisingly, the recent whipsaw has been fueled by a volume spike, though the SPY has thus far maintained its breakout point, around 212.50. The September low currently rests at 212.31, and this area remains an inflection point. Perhaps more notably, recent market breadth has pressed, or flat out registered, technical extremes. Recall that Friday’s negative breadth was firmly bearish. Declining volume surpassed advancing volume by a 27-to-1 margin on the NYSE, and an 11-to-1 margin on the Nasdaq. This was followed by Monday’s respectable, but internally weaker, rally. The session registered as a nearly 6-to-1 up day on the NYSE, and a nearly 7-to-1 up day on the Nasdaq. As always, two 9-to-1 down days, across about a seven-session window, reliably signals a material trend shift. The first has registered, and the follow-through, or lack thereof, ahead of the Federal Reserve’s policy directive, due out next Wednesday (not this week), may add color. Tactically, recall that the S&P 500’s former range bottom — the 2,160 area — pivots to resistance. The S&P effectively nailed this area Monday, and has failed the initial retest. An eventual close higher would place the brakes on bearish momentum. Conversely, the 2,131 area marks an inflection point, and is closely followed significant support at the 2,117 breakout point. The September closing low rests at 2,128, while the absolute September low holds at 2,119. More broadly, technical damage has been inflicted, and a near-term consolidation phase is underway. Still, the S&P 500’s more important longer-term technical bias supports a bullish view. The “watch out” is that a second internally aggressive downdraft, over the next week, sends the S&P 500 under the 2,117 support. Such a move would signal a sustained momentum shift, raising the flag to more serious technical concerns. Tuesday’s Watch List The charts below detail names that are technically well positioned. These are radar screen names — sectors or stocks poised to move in the near term. For the original comments on the stocks below, see The Technical Indicator Library. Drilling down further, the 10-year Treasury note yield’s TNX, +2.99% breakout has contributed to the broad-market downdraft. As illustrated, the yield has knifed from its range, reaching its highest levels since June 23, the day before Brexit. Still, it’s thus far topped at 1.70, matching the breakdown point. This area is followed by the 200-day moving average, currently 1.80, and resistance at 1.98, better illustrated on the weekly chart. Collectively, the yield’s recovery attempt remains underway, though significant hurdles rest slightly overhead, and its longer-term technical bias points lower. Charting the traditional U.S. sector leaders Meanwhile, the traditional sector leaders — the financials, technology sector and transports — have thus far weathered the September volatility spike. To start, the Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF, +0.18% has maintained its breakout point, an area closely matching the 50-day moving average, currently 23.75. Moreover, the initial rally from support was fueled by increased volume. The group’s technical bias points higher barring a violation of the breakout point. Meanwhile, the iShares Transportation Average’s IYT, +0.63%  backdrop is slightly weaker. Still, the group has maintained first support, punctuating a garden-variety pullback from the range top. This is a developing head-and-shoulders bottom, though the pattern would be wrecked with a violation of the August low. Looking elsewhere, the PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ, -0.20% a proxy for large-cap technology, has rattled its new range amid a volume spike. As illustrated, the group has maintained next support, rising to retest the breakdown point. This is a bullish reversal, though follow-through is absent early Tuesday. Separately, consider that the range bottom roughly matches the 50-day moving average, and is followed by a deeper floor matching the April peak. Combined, the sub-sector backdrop has softened amid the September downdraft, though the technical damage, on balance, has thus far been limited. Finally, the Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE, +0.73%  is acting well despite persistent crude-oil price volatility. The group tagged a 52-week high last week — by a penny — and has subsequently pulled in, maintaining the breakout point. More broadly, the group is challenging significant resistance, illustrated on the weekly chart, and a breakout likely opens the path to material follow-through. The September low closely matches the 50-day moving average, and a violation would raise a caution flag. Editor’s Note: This is a free edition of The Technical Indicator, a daily MarketWatch subscriber newsletter. To get this column each market day, click here. Still well positioned The table below includes names recently profiled in The Technical Indicator that remain well positioned. For the original comments, see The Technical Indicator Library. Company Symbol Date Profiled Swift Transportation Co. SWFT Sept. 9 Potash Corp. POT Sept. 9 iShares Transportation Average IYT Sept. 8 Delta Air Lines, Inc. DAL Sept. 8 Autodesk, Inc. ADSK Sept. 8 Foot Locker, Inc. FL Sept. 8 Navient Corp. NAVI Sept. 8 Alphabet, Inc. GOOGL Sept. 7 Deere & Co. DE Sept. 7 Oneok,Inc. OKE Sept. 7 Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc. EGRX Sept. 7 Ciena Corp. CIEN Sept. 6 Tiffany & Co. TIF Sept. 6 MetLife, Inc. MET Sept. 6 KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp KS Aug. 31 American Airlines Group, Inc. AAL Aug. 31 GrubHub, Inc. GRUB Aug. 31 Intel Corp. INTC Aug. 30 Applied Materials, Inc. AMAT Aug. 30 SPDR S&P Regional Banking ETF KRE Aug. 29 Synopsis, Inc. SNPS Aug. 29 Agenus, Inc AGEN Aug. 29 Delek U.S. Holdings, Inc. DK Aug. 26 Ebay, Inc. EBAY Aug. 25 iRobot Corp. IRBT Aug. 25 United Rentals, Inc. URI Aug. 24 J.C. Penney Co. JCP Aug. 24 Proofpoint, Inc. PFPT Aug. 24 Adobe Systems, Inc. ADBE Aug. 23 iShares MSCI Japan ETF EWJ Aug. 22 Marvell Technology Group MRVL Aug. 22 Genesee & Wyoming, Inc. GWR Aug. 22 Energy Select Sector SPDR XLE Aug. 19 EOG Resources, Inc. EOG Aug. 19 Electronic Arts, Inc. EA Aug. 19 TowerJazz TSEM Aug. 19 CIT Group, Inc. CIT Aug. 18 Palo Alto Networks, Inc. PANW Aug. 18 Aspen Technology, Inc. AZPN Aug. 18 Chart Industries, Inc. GTLS Aug. 17 Zeltiq Aesthetics, Inc. ZLTQ Aug. 17 Qualcomm, Inc. QCOM Aug. 16 Diamondback Energy, Inc. is FANG Aug. 16 Puma Biotechnology, Inc. PBYI Aug. 15 Westlake Chemical Corp. WLK Aug. 15 Ross Stores, Inc. ROST Aug. 15 Devon Energy Corp. DVN Aug. 12 Microsemi Corp. MSCC Aug. 12 Biogen, Inc. BIIB Aug. 10 Seattle Genetics, Inc. SGEN Aug. 10 Cirrus Logic, Inc. CRUS Aug. 9 Symantec Corp. SYMC Aug. 9 PTC, Inc. PTC Aug. 9 Financial Select Sector SPDR XLF Aug. 8 American Express Co. AXP Aug. 8 Bank of America BAC Aug. 8 Microsoft Corp. MSFT Aug. 5 Sprint Corp. S Aug. 5 Netgear, Inc. NTGR Aug. 5 Sony Corp. SNE Aug. 4 Intersil Corp. ISIL Aug. 4 InterDigital, Inc. IDCC Aug. 3 Microchip Technology, Inc. MCHP Aug. 3 Valero Energy Corp. VLO Aug. 3 Berry Plastics Group, Inc. BERY Aug. 3 iShares MSCI South Korea ETF EWY Aug. 2 Micron Technology, Inc. MU Aug. 2 NetApp, Inc. NTAP Aug. 2 General Dynamics Corp. GD Aug. 1 Greenbrier Companies, Inc. GBX Aug. 1 Crane Co. CR July 29 Caterpillar, Inc. CAT July 27 Oclaro, Inc. OCLR July 26 American Eagle Outfitters AEO July 26 Union Pacific Corp. UNP July 25 MSCI, Inc. MSCI July 25 Amgen, Inc. AMGN July 25 SPDR S&P Biotech ETF XBI July 22 International Paper IP July 22 Facebook, Inc. FB July 21 CSX Corp. CSX July 20 Shopify, Inc. SHOP July 20 CST Brands, Inc. CST July 20 PowerShares QQQ ETF QQQ July 19 Gigamon, Inc. GIMO July 19 BioMarin Pharmaceutical, Inc. BMRN July 18 Petrobras PBR July 18 Industrial Select Sector SPDR XLI July 15 Materials Select Sector SPDR XLB July 15 Cisco Systems, Inc. CSCO July 14 iShares China Large-Cap ETF FXI July 13 Alibaba Group Holding BABA July 13 Alliance Resource Partners ARLP July 13 Lannett Co. LCI July 12 Verizon Communications, Inc. VZ July 8 Weibo Corp. WB July 8 Radius Health, Inc. RDUS July 8 Veeva Systems, Inc. VEEV July 7 Procter & Gamble Co. PG July 6 NuVasive, Inc. NUVA July 5 iShares Brazil ETF EWZ June 30 NetEase, Inc. NTES June 30 DexCom, Inc. DXCM June 29 VanEck Vectors Semiconductor ETF SMH June 23 Exact Sciences, Inc. EXAS June 23 Nevro Corp. NVRO June 21 Ambarella, Inc. AMBA June 15 Ingredion Inc. INGR June 10 2U, Inc. TWOU June 6 Macquarie Infrastructure Co. MIC May 18 Yelp, Inc. YELP May 16 SkyWest, Inc. SKYW May 12 Amazon.com, Inc. AMZN May 10 iShares U.S. Real Estate ETF IYR May 5 Merck & Co. MRK Apr. 5 Silicon Motion Technology Corp. SIMO Apr. 5 U.S. Silica Holdings, Inc. SLCA Apr. 1 Nvidia Corp. NVDA Mar. 21 Teleflex, Inc. TFX Mar. 3 Agnico Eagle Mines AEM Feb. 24 Johnson & Johnson JNJ Feb. 19 Pan American Silver Corp. PAAS Feb. 19 Silver Wheaton Corp. SLW Feb. 19 Market Vectors Junior Gold Miners ETF GDXJ Feb. 18 SPDR S&P Metals & Mining ETF XME Feb. 5 Market Vectors Gold Miners ETF GDX Feb. 5 SPDR Gold Trust GLD Feb. 4 Consumer Staples Select Sector SPDR XLP Feb. 1 iShares Silver Trust SLV Jan. 28 Utilities Select Sector SPDR XLU Jan. 25 Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. HII Jan. 13 ITC Holdings Corp. ITC Dec. 21 Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. ELS Dec. 16 More from MarketWatch Kellyanne Conway: Stop treating millennials like ‘precious snowflakes’ Google lays the digital smackdown on Pixel resellers Should Parents Engage Their Young Teen in Arguments? Related Topics Investing U.S. Stocks Mutual Funds Exchange Traded Funds Options Center Bonds Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. MarketWatch Partner Center Michael Ashbaugh Michael Ashbaugh writes technical analysis for MarketWatch and is editor of MarketWatch's "The Technical Indicator" newsletter. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,183.92 -3.20 (-0.15%) Volume 315.1M Open 2,187 High 2,190 Low 2,180 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 18,883.41 -20.41 (-0.11%) Volume 54.5M Open 18,905 High 18,916 Low 18,854 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust U.S.: NYSE Arca: SPY $218.67 -0.32 (-0.15%) Volume 48.8M Open $219.07 High $219.27 Low $218.29 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.98 Market Cap N/A CBOE 10 Year Treasury Note Yield Index MDX CBOE IND: TNX 23.44 +0.68 (+2.99%) Volume 0 Open 22.80 High 23.55 Low 22.67 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Financial Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLF $22.20 +0.04 (+0.18%) Volume 45.0M Open $22.14 High $22.23 Low $22.06 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.68 Market Cap N/A iShares Transportation Average ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: IYT $159.28 +0.99 (+0.63%) Volume 204.1K Open $158.44 High $159.37 Low $157.82 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.94 Market Cap N/A PowerShares QQQ Trust Series 1 U.S.: Nasdaq: QQQ $117.53 -0.23 (-0.20%) Volume 10.2M Open $117.83 High $118.10 Low $117.21 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1 Market Cap N/A Energy Select Sector SPDR ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XLE $71.36 +0.52 (+0.73%) Volume 6.4M Open $71.09 High $71.53 Low $70.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.31 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Watching People Eat Is Big in Korea; Now It's Supposedly Coming to America 5 hours ago Array 0 Dentsu Aegis' Vizeum Becomes Part of 360i in the U.S. By Lindsay Stein - 6 hours ago Array 0 Apple Swamps Web Video With 107-Second Summary of New-Product Showcase 6 hours ago Array 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago Array 0 Lowdown: Audi and Airbnb Hook Up in Emmys Ad 9 hours ago Array 0 This Moving Film About an Agency Staffer With MS Shows the Reality of Life With the Disease By Alexandra Jardine - 14 hours ago 0 A Chinese Ad Tech Titan Looks to U.S., Partners With Twitter-Owned MoPub By George Slefo - 7 hours ago 0 Laughing All the Way to the Bank: Rio Olympics Make NBC $250 Million Richer By Anthony Crupi - 9 hours ago 0 Breaking the Barriers Between Marketing and Product Development By Drew Neisser - 14 hours ago 0 More Magazine Is Reborn Online and Now Targeting Millennials By Jeremy Barr - 10 hours ago 0 Yes He Can? Here's How Trump Could Win By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Keith Olbermann Offers '176 Reasons Donald Trump Shouldn't Be President' in His New GQ.com Show By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 How Fitbit Is Staying a Step Ahead in the Race for Wearables By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Chicken Fries That Go Crunch -- And Won't Turn Your Fingers Orange By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 How Brands Should Be Marketing Wellness to Women By Kathy Delaney - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. Glad you're here and we hope you like what we do. But what we do is expensive and is supported in large part by advertising. So if you could whitelist us, or login, that'd be great. How to Whitelist Besides, you're reading about advertising. Why not see who's advertising around the advertising coverage while you're at it? Old Spice's New NFL Campaign Suggests Von Miller May Actually Be the Most Interesting Man in the World By Jack Neff. Published on September 13, 2016. Advertising Age Player The new most interesting man in the world may actually be Von Miller, the Denver Broncos linebacker and new NFL Old Spice guy making his commercial debut today in new spots from Wieden & Kennedy. Mr. Miller captures Jonathan Goldsmith-esque hyperbolic pitch in the new "Unforsweatable" ads as he literally builds his own road to the game, hand-crafted asphalt and all, in "The Road," which debuts online today and on TV during the CBS broadcast of the game between the Indianapolis Colts and his Broncos. Then in "Be Harder," also online today and joining the TV rotation mid-season, he looks to answer the question of how, if Old Spice Sweat Defense keeps him from sweating, will he still know if he's working hard enough? The answer is to do such things as tying his shoelaces together, sticking his arm into a hornet nest, doing the limbo and going through airport security, all while still on the playing field. The spots are directed by Australian rugby fan Steve Rogers, who also directed Nike's "Snow Day" spot last year, and shot in part on set at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif. "Unforsweatable" backs the Old Spice Hardest Working Collection promising "unparalleled performance for guys who work hard and play hard," according to Procter & Gamble Co. The brand will also focus on social-media game updates to burnish its "Greatest Smell in the NFL" credentials. Advertising Age Player In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG News Social Sports TV Most Popular Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business › economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Bank of England Bank of England extends QE to overseas firms Daily Mail owner DMGT, US firms Apple, Verizon and AT&T among companies on Bank’s bond-buying list Tim Cook unveils the new iPhone 7 AirPod headphones. Apple may benefit from Bank of Englasnd bond buying. Photograph: Xinhua/REX/Shutterstock Patrick Collinson Tuesday 13 September 2016 07.08 EDT Last modified on Tuesday 13 September 2016 17.00 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 2 months old The Bank of England is to buy £10bn of bonds issued by private companies, including Apple and other overseas corporations, as it begins a dramatic expansion of its quantitative easing programme. But the Bank has been accused of handing taxpayer cash to foreign corporations with little connection to the UK, which may simply hand the money back to shareholders. Until now, QE, designed to boost the economy by lowering interest rates, has focused on purchasing and, in effect, cancelling UK government bonds, known as gilts. The Bank said earlier this year, however, that it would expand its asset purchases to £10bn of bonds issued by private companies, as long as they were UK based, or overseas corporations with a major UK presence which were benefiting the British economy. When the list of eligible companies was published on Monday, one major bond dealer said he was astonished at the names included. Verizon, a US cell phone network, is on the list, as is another big US telecoms company, AT&T, despite both firms arguably having minimal operations in the UK. While most bonds are issued by companies so they can invest in their businesses, some US corporations have recently used the bond markets to raise cash simply to hand to shareholders as dividends, or to use it to buy shares in their own company, thus pushing up the share price artificially. “A lot of US corporates have been issuing bonds to finance share buybacks and dividends to shareholders. There can be absolutely no guarantee that the funds raised will be used to invest in the UK,” one senior bond dealer said, on condition of anonymity. The Bank has said it will only buy the bonds of companies “making a material contribution to the UK economy”. It defines these companies as those with “significant employment in the UK or with their headquarters in the UK ... but the Bank will also consider whether the company generates significant revenues in the UK, serves a large number of customers in the UK or has a number of operating sites in the UK.” It said its asset purchase facility corporate bond purchase scheme (CBPS) would stimulate the economy by lowering the yields on corporate bonds, “thereby reducing the cost of borrowing for companies; by triggering portfolio rebalancing into riskier assets by sellers of assets; and by stimulating new issuance of corporate bonds”. Bonds with a face value of about £110bn will be eligible for buying by the Bank, although the central bank is only planning to buy £10bn of these bonds. However, the senior trader said: “I was incensed when I saw the list and how far it appears to deviate from the aim of the scheme. There are huge inconsistencies in the names included. Apple is on the list, as is Wal-Mart, but at least they own Asda. Manchester airport is on the list, but Gatwick airport is not.” “If a company name is on that list, it will bring it substantial benefits when issuing new bonds and securing new funding,” he added. The trader accused other investment banks of gaming the system to their own benefit. “My motivation in trying to expose this is that I am a British taxpayer and I am not happy about seeing the public purse being used to the advantage of certain investment banks.” The Bank of England declined to comment. List of companies eligible for BoE bond-buying scheme Amgen Anglian Water AP Mollier-Maersk Apple AT&T BAE Systems BASF BAT International BG Energy Capital Birmingham Airport BMW Bouygues BP BT Cargill Centrica CIE De Saint-Gobain Company Group Daily Mail & General Trust Daimler Deutsche Bahn Deutsche Telekom Dong Energy E.ON Eastern Power EE Electricite De France (EDF) Electricity North West Engie Eversholt Experian FirstGroup GE GSK Great Rolling Stock Hammerson Hutchison Whampoa IBM Imperial Brands Intercontinental Hotels Linde London Power LVMH Manchester Airports Group M&S McDonald’s Mondelez Motability Operations National Express National Grid Nestlé Next Northern Ireland Electricity Northern Powergrid Northumbrian Water PACCAR Pepsico Pfizer P&G Rio Tinto Roche Rolls-Royce SGN Scottish Power Segro Severn Trent Water Shell Siemens Sky UK Power Networks South East Water SSE Suez Tate & Lyle Thames Water Total Toyota Transport for London Unilever UPS United Utilities Vattenfall Veolia Verizon Vodafone Wales & West Utilities Walmart Wellcome Trust Wessex Water Western Power Distribution Yorkshire Water More news Topics Bank of England Bonds Verizon Communications Telecommunications industry Gilts More… Quantitative easing AT&T Apple Economics Interest rates Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story Bank of England attacked over 50% pension contributions Bank creating private pension deficits while insulating own staff from policies such as QE, claims former pensions minister Published: 12 Sep 2016 Bank of England attacked over 50% pension contributions The Guardian view on central bankers: growing power and limited success Editorial: A lot rests on Janet Yellen and the rate-setters meeting at Jackson Hole this weekend. Too much, for their own good and ours Published: 25 Aug 2016 The Guardian view on central bankers: growing power and limited success RBS starts charging financial customers to park their cash Chairman questions low interest rates after up to 70 major clients such as banks and pension funds are charged to hold cash kept as collateral for trades Published: 22 Aug 2016 RBS starts charging financial customers to park their cash No economy is even close to achieving its personal best Larry Elliott Economics editor If the world economies were like athletes they’d be described as sluggish, tired, over-reliant on stimulus and paranoid that everyone else is cheating Published: 21 Aug 2016 No economy is even close to achieving its personal best What are government bonds? Published: 13 Aug 2016 What are government bonds? City turbulence drives some bond yields into negative territory Published: 10 Aug 2016 City turbulence drives some bond yields into negative territory Bank of England's bond-buying failure may not be a blip Larry Elliott Published: 10 Aug 2016 Bank of England's bond-buying failure may not be a blip Bank's post-Brexit strategy hits snag as gilt buyback falls short Published: 9 Aug 2016 Bank's post-Brexit strategy hits snag as gilt buyback falls short More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Bank of England Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
