

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 537 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Hamilton Co. elects ex-P&G exec Ohio's first Hispanic female judge Politics Extra is a weekly column looking inside Greater Cincinnati politics. Post to Facebook Hamilton Co. elects ex-P&G exec Ohio's first Hispanic female judge Politics Extra is a weekly column looking inside Greater Cincinnati politics.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2fKBBfG {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Hamilton Co. elects ex-P&G exec Ohio's first Hispanic female judge Jason Williams , jwilliams@enquirer.com 7:36 a.m. EST November 14, 2016 Marilyn Zayas-Davis (Photo: Provided) Politics Extra is a weekly column looking inside local politics (Scroll to the bottom to read "Micro-scoops & more") If anyone's still questioning whether Hamilton County has turned blue after Tuesday's election, we present newly elected appellate court judge Marilyn Zayas-Davis. No worries if you don't know who she is. Neither do many people in Zayas-Davis' own party, even after the former Procter & Gamble tech manager pulled off the biggest upset yet in the Democrats' ongoing efforts to take control of elected seats in Hamilton County. She edged well-known Republican Peter Stautberg in a 1st District Court of Appeals race to become the first Hispanic woman ever elected to a judicial seat in Ohio. That's any level of the judicial system, according to the Ohio Commission on Hispanic/Latino Affairs. Democrats had a big week locally, including taking control of the board of commissioners for just the second time since 1962. Many of their victories are easy to explain, but Democratic insiders still are trying to figure out how Zayas-Davis did it. Maybe the first-time candidate simply wanted it more and outworked her opponent. In addition, even though party affiliation isn’t listed in judicial races, county voters continued to lean Democratic and maybe being a woman with an ethnic name helped. And frankly, Stautberg didn't run a very aggressive campaign. We're not picking on the respected judge and former state lawmaker because he wasn't the only Republican who appeared to rely too heavily on name recognition to carry the day (see: Winkler, Tracy). But let's not take anything away from Zayas-Davis, a former Hamilton County public defender who used more than $19,000 of her own money for the campaign. “Supposedly I had every strike working against me," the Anderson Township resident said. "But to everybody who says we’re close-minded in Hamilton County and that you can’t be an outsider here and be successful, thank you Hamilton County for proving everybody wrong. This is my home, and I feel such pride that people gave me a chance.” CINCINNATI.COM See how local Dems made history CINCINNATI.COM Will GOP's grip loosen more in Hamilton County? Politics Extra wants to see more diverse candidates from both parties run for office, and commends Zayas-Davis for rejecting a recommendation from a fellow Democrat to change her name. "Somebody said, 'That's not a good ballot name, and you’re not going to do well with that name. You need to change it to Marilyn Davis,' " Zayas-Davis recalled. "I said, 'That’s not who I am.' I slept on it, and it was clear to me the next day to run on 'The Z.' " Zayas-Davis, 51, introduced herself to people at parades, festivals and other community events as "The Z" or "Marilyn Z." She grew up in New York City after her parents moved there from Puerto Rico. Her dad worked in a printing shop; her mom in a clothes-sewing factory. Zayas-Davis first became interested in law when she was 19. Her parents were going through a divorce then, and she would accompany her mother to the courthouse for custody hearings regarding her 9-year-old brother. "There was a lot of abuse that had gone on in my home," Zayas-Davis said. "I was going there to protect my brother because there really weren’t any services available through the courts to help him." Zayas-Davis went on to get her degree in computer science from City University of New York. It helped her land a job at P&G in 1988. She continued to have an interest in law and often talked to her husband about going to law school. After six years at Procter, she quit and went to the University of Cincinnati. She had three children under the age of 4 when she entered law school full-time. She now runs her own firm, Downtown-based MZD Law, which focuses on immigration law. Zayas-Davis didn't originally plan to run for elected office. In 2014 at the request of a friend, she attended a meeting of a Democratic party committee that vets judicial candidates. She intended only on observing the meeting, but was unexpectedly called on to answer questions from the committee. Democratic party Chairman Tim Burke and others talked Zayas-Davis into running just before the filing deadline last December. "At first, I didn't take it seriously," she said. "I went home and prayed about it, and felt I'd be disingenuous and a hypocrite if I didn't do it because I’m always trying to push people to get out of their comfort zone and make our community better." MICRO-SCOOPS & MORE • If Hillary Clinton had been elected president, Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley might have joined her administration. In recent weeks, Cranley was being mentioned as a serious candidate for Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). It wasn't far-fetched. Former President Bill Clinton likes how Cranley has embraced the new markets tax credit program, which Clinton's administration created. Clinton and Cranley have talked multiple times about the program, which offers tax breaks to spark development in low-income neighborhoods. They most recently discussed it off-stage at the annual Coney Island Labor Day picnic. Weeks later, Clinton mentioned Cranley while talking about the program during an interview on CNBC. In June, Cranley hosted a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton at the mayor's Hyde Park home. Even another connection: Cranley went to Harvard Law School with current HUD Secretary Julian Castro. • Ohio Democratic Party Chairman David Pepper's novel continues to receive high marks. The Wall Street Journal has dubbed "The People's House" a "sleeper candidate" for political thriller of the year. The former City Councilman and Hamilton County Commissioner is scheduled to discuss and sign his book 6 p.m.-7:30 p.m. on Monday at the Mercantile Library, 414 Walnut Street, Downtown. The event is free and open to the public. The library requests those who plan to attend to send an email to reservations@mercantilelibrary.com or call 513-621-0717. • Hyde Park Republican Tamie Sullivan has received international attention for her Enquirer op-ed in which she proclaimed her support for Hillary Clinton. Switzerland's national broadcasting network SRG SSR – think NPR or BBC – interviewed Sullivan last week as part of a story on the U.S. election. The op-ed also caught the attention of Republicans For Hillary, a group co-founded by former George W. Bush administration staffers Ricardo Reyes and John Stubbs. Sullivan, who is considering a run for City Council, joined Reyes and Stubbs on a panel last week. • Greg Landsman wasn't on the ballot Tuesday, but the Mount Washington resident was one of the biggest winners. He led efforts to organize the successful Issue 44 school levy, a big accomplishment Landsman can tout during his upcoming City Council campaign. His political future also might have been helped in other ways. Fellow Democrats Aftab Pureval and Denise Driehaus won their countywide races, eliminating the possibility of either of them running for council. Landsman, Pureval and Driehaus would've competed for the same votes and donors in the council race. Landsman narrowly missed being elected to council in 2013, and he's again expected to be a top contender among non-incumbents. • UC's student government this month voted 27-1 in support of extending the streetcar line to Uptown, according to the university's student newspaper. Follow Enquirer local politics reporter Jason Williams on Twitter @jwilliamscincy. Send tips, questions and comments to jwilliams@enquirer.com. 537 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 3 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2fKBBfG TOP VIDEOS Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 More Stories Deters: Decision to retry is 'what I got elected to do' Nov. 14, 2016, 9:08 p.m. David Dooley hearing postponed Nov. 15, 2016, 3:55 p.m. Small symptoms, big problems Nov. 14, 2016, 12:54 p.m. We're not as different as election made us feel Nov. 15, 2016, 1:48 p.m.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 72 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIL instead  His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs. Post to Facebook Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIL instead  His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fKdpub {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIL instead USA Today Network Keith BieryGolick, The Cincinnati Enquirer 3:28 p.m. EST November 11, 2016 Munir Abdulkader (Photo: Provided/Butler County Sheriff's Office) 72 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE CINCINNATI ---  His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs. Abdulkader, praised for his intelligence in court documents, received a scholarship after graduating from Lakota East High School to attend Xavier University. He majored in chemistry. His mother hoped he might work for Procter & Gamble, but instead he plead guilty earlier this year to a gruesome plan officials say was approved by a religious leader for the terror group Islamic State, or ISIL. His mother told Vocativ reporters in 2014 Abdulkader didn't have a phone and never did anything but study. Not exactly. "I really don't like living here," Abdulkader told a confidential government informant in 2015, according to court documents. USA TODAY Ohio man pleads guilty to plotting attack on U.S. officials Government officials say the West Chester Township resident tweeted images of beheadings and support for the Islamic State terror group almost daily. Abdulkader dreamed of traveling to Syria and attaining martyrdom. "I love my parents and family," he once wrote on Twitter, according to court documents. "I don't want to pay them with money after college, rather through the intercession of a (martyr) on that day." Eventually, U.S. officials say, a prominent overseas member of ISIL directed and helped him plot to kill a government employee, film it and attack a police station in the Cincinnati area -- trying to kill as many cops as possible. Officials have refused to say which police station was targeted. Abudlkader pleaded guilty earlier this year to three charges related to the plot. Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of 25 years in prison, including a lifetime of supervised release. The 22-year-old is scheduled to be sentenced next week. Ahead of his sentencing, new court documents filed Thursday in federal court reveal more about Abdulkader and his plan than ever before. Here's what we learned: Abdulkader hid terror plans from his parents: FBI agents interviewed Abdulkader's older brother about Abdulkader's pro-ISIL statements on Twitter in 2014. A few months later, reporters with Vocativ, a media company that uses data-mining technology to access information on the Internet most can't, interviewed Abdulkader's mom. Although the family is originally from Eritrea in eastern Africa, she said Abdulkader was born in the United States and has never left the country. Abdulkader and his family moved from New York City to West Chester in 2009. Abdulkader immediately deleted his Facebook and Twitter accounts after his mom did the interview. But he created a new Twitter account condemning journalists, according to court documents, and continued to post about his support of ISIL. In November of 2014, he posted about feeling sick to his stomach for not being in Syria. He also said he teared up after watching an ISIL video. To conceal his plans to travel to Syria, Abdulkader lied on his passport application and had it mailed to a friend's house. He also tweeted misleading statements online to disguise his real reason for traveling, U.S. officials said. "I get to see my grandparents soon," he tweeted on Jan. 14, 2015. "Been 16+ years. They're weak and dying." This is a picture, included in a sentencing memorandum, of the AK-47 Munir Abdulkader purchased in 2015.  (Photo: Provided/United States Attorneys Office) He wanted to kill a soldier who had been in Iraq or Afghanistan: The same day Abdulkader tweeted about visiting his grandparents, the FBI arrested Christopher Cornell. Cornell, of Green Township, planned to bomb the U.S. Capitol and shoot President Barack Obama in the head. "I'm with the Islamic State," Cornell told WXIX-TV in an interview from jail. Abdulkader had received a voice mail from a member of ISIL with instructions on how to travel and successfully cross the border into the war zone, according to court documents. But Cornell's arrest and other highly-publicized incidents forced Abdulkader to rethink his plan. Junaid Hussain, a well-known ISIL operative heavily involved in the group's recruitment, also told him travel was too risky. Hussain was killed in an air strike about three months after Abdulkader was arrested. Before his death, he was said to be a central figure for the terror group. Turning his attention to an attack in the United States, Abdulkader talked about the FBI headquarters. He then switched his target a military base, before concerns about tightened security there made him rethink again. The new plan: Raid a government employee's home, behead him and use pipe bombs to attack a police station. Fight until he was killed. Hussain, according to court documents, even suggested Abdulkader wear the government employee's uniform to the police station. When asked about beheading the employee, Abdulkader told a confidential government source it was the "only way to send a loud message." "Abdulkader was adamant that he wanted Hussain to provide information about an actual soldier who had fought in Iraq or Afghanistan," according to court documents. It was not clear why, although Abdulkader had posted online messages about two of his cousins who died fighting in Syria. Abdulkader talked to Hussain about 2015 attacks in Garland, Texas, where two gunmen attacked a Mohammed cartoon drawing event. One guard was wounded before the two attackers were killed. Abdulkader didn't believe the gunmen trained enough, so he began making plans to buy a gun and practice shooting it. "I'm actually very excited for the confrontation," he told Hussain on May 16, 2015, according to court documents. Abudalkder then bought an AK-47 rifle, through an arrangement set up by the confidential source, in a Mason parking lot and was arrested by the FBI. USA TODAY 'Martyrdom' was on mind of man who plotted U.S. attack An expert believes Abdulkader was unfairly set up: Marc Sageman is a former CIA operations officer. He works as a counterterrorism consultant and forensic psychiatrist. He has written extensively Al-Qaeda and other terrorist organizations. Sageman argues in a court filing the FBI's use of a confidential source gave Abdulkader the means to carry out an attack he couldn't have done without the government's involvement. He also said Abdulkader isn't likely to return to terroristic activity when released from jail. "By setting (the defendant) up via the (confidential human source) and arresting him," said Sageman. "The FBI did not make the United States safer from terrorism." Sageman said Abdulkader was curious and retweeted videos. He said he wanted to immigrate to Syria to live in a "genuine land of Islam." The prosecuting attorneys argued Abdulkader was in contact with Hussain long before he was contacted by their confidential informant. Prosecutors attacked Sageman in their response, saying theories in his recent book, "Misunderstanding Terrorism,"forced him to view the Abdulkader case in a certain way. "Sageman's confounding conclusion is a product of his deep-seed biases reflected in his new book," United State Attorney Benjamin Glassman wrote in a memorandum. "And so, Sageman rewrote the facts to reach a tortured conclusion." Abdulkader is scheduled to be sentenced on Nov. 18. 72 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fKdpub
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 72 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIS instead Ahead of Munir Abdulkader's sentencing, court documents discuss his background and plan in greater detail than ever before. Post to Facebook Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIS instead Ahead of Munir Abdulkader's sentencing, court documents discuss his background and plan in greater detail than ever before.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2fK89Xa {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 9 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. This story is part of Christopher Lee Cornell Sentencing rescheduled for US Capitol plot suspect Cornell Plea: Green Twp. man planned terror attack during '15 Obama speech Man accused of supporting ISIL expected to plead Mom hoped son would work for P&G; he chose ISIS instead Keith BieryGolick , kbierygolick@enquirer.com 6:15 p.m. EST November 11, 2016 This is a picture, included in a sentencing memorandum, of the AK-47 Munir Abdulkader purchased in 2015. (Photo: Provided/United States Attorneys Office) His parents wanted him to be a chemist, but all Munir Abdulkader could think about were knives and pipe bombs. Abdulkader, praised for his intelligence in court documents, received a scholarship after graduating from Lakota East High School to attend Xavier University. He majored in chemistry. His mother hoped he might work for Procter & Gamble. She told Vocativ reporters in 2014 Abdulkader didn't have a phone and never did anything but study. Not exactly. "I really don't like living here," Abdulkader told a confidential government informant in 2015, according to court documents. Government officials say the West Chester Township resident tweeted images of beheadings and support for the Islamic State terror group almost daily. Abdulkader dreamed of traveling to Syria and attaining martyrdom. "I love my parents and family," he once wrote on Twitter, according to court documents. "I don't want to pay them with money after college, rather through the intercession of a (martyr) on that day." Eventually, U.S. officials say, a prominent overseas member of ISIL directed and helped him plot to kill a government employee, film it and attack a police station in the Cincinnati area -- trying to kill as many cops as possible. Officials have refused to say which police station was targeted. Abudlkader pleaded guilty earlier this year to three charges related to the plot. Prosecutors are seeking a sentence of 25 years in prison, including a lifetime of supervised release. The 22-year-old is scheduled to be sentenced next week. Ahead of his sentencing, new court documents filed Thursday in federal court reveal more about Abdulkader and his plan than ever before. Here's what we learned: Abdulkader hid terror plans from his parents: FBI agents interviewed Abdulkader's older brother about Abdulkader's pro-ISIL statements on Twitter in 2014. A few months later, reporters with Vocativ, a media company that uses data-mining technology to access information on the internet most can't, interviewed Abdulkader's mom. Although the family is originally from Eritrea in eastern Africa, she said Abdulkader was born in the United States and has never left the country. Abdulkader and his family moved from New York City to West Chester in 2009. Abdulkader immediately deleted his Facebook and Twitter accounts after his mom did the interview. But he created a new Twitter account condemning journalists, according to court documents, and continued to post about his support of ISIL. In November of 2014, he posted about feeling sick to his stomach for not being in Syria. He also said he teared up after watching an ISIL video. To conceal his plans to travel to Syria, Abdulkader lied on his passport application and had it mailed to a friend's house. He also tweeted misleading statements online to disguise his real reason for traveling, U.S. officials said. "I get to see my grandparents soon," he tweeted on Jan. 14, 2015. "Been 16+ years. They're weak and dying." He wanted to kill a soldier who had been in Iraq or Afghanistan: The same day Abdulkader tweeted about visiting his grandparents, the FBI arrested Christopher Cornell. Cornell, of Green Township, planned to bomb the U.S. Capitol and shoot President Barack Obama in the head. "I'm with the Islamic State," Cornell told WXIX-TV in an interview from jail. Abdulkader had received a voice mail from a member of ISIL with instructions on how to travel and successfully cross the border into the war zone, according to court documents. But Cornell's arrest and other highly-publicized incidents forced Abdulkader to rethink his plan. Junaid Hussain, a well-known ISIL operative heavily involved in the group's recruitment, also told him travel was too risky. Hussain was killed in an air strike about three months after Abdulkader was arrested. Before his death, he was said to be a central figure for the terror group. Turning his attention to an attack in the United States, Abdulkader talked about the FBI headquarters. He then switched his target a military base, before concerns about tightened security there made him rethink again. The new plan: Raid a government employee's home, behead him and use pipe bombs to attack a police station. Fight until he was killed. Hussain, according to court documents, even suggested Abdulkader wear the government employee's uniform to the police station. When asked about beheading the employee, Abdulkader told a confidential government source it was the "only way to send a loud message." "Abdulkader was adamant that he wanted Hussain to provide information about an actual soldier who had fought in Iraq or Afghanistan," according to court documents. It was not clear why, although Abdulkader had posted online messages about two of his cousins who died fighting in Syria. Abdulkader talked to Hussain about 2015 attacks in Garland, Texas, where two gunmen attacked a Muhammad cartoon drawing event. One guard was wounded before the two attackers were killed. Abdulkader didn't believe the gunmen trained enough, so he began making plans to buy a gun and practice shooting it. "I'm actually very excited for the confrontation," he told Hussain on May 16, 2015, according to court documents. Abudalkder then bought an AK-47 rifle, through an arrangement set up by the confidential source, in a Mason parking lot and was arrested by the FBI. An expert believes Abdulkader was unfairly set up: Marc Sageman is a former CIA operations officer. He works as a counterterrorism consultant and forensic psychiatrist. He has written extensively al-Qaida and other terrorist organizations. Sageman argues in a court filing the FBI's use of a confidential source gave Abdulkader the means to carry out an attack he couldn't have done without the government's involvement. He also said Abdulkader isn't likely to return to terroristic activity when released from jail. "By setting (the defendant) up via the (confidential human source) and arresting him," said Sageman, "the FBI did not make the United States safer from terrorism." Sageman said Abdulkader was curious and retweeted videos. He said he wanted to emigrate to Syria to live in a "genuine land of Islam." The prosecuting attorneys argued Abdulkader was in contact with Hussain long before he was contacted by their confidential informant. Prosecutors attacked Sageman in their response, saying theories in his recent book, "Misunderstanding Terrorism," forced him to view the Abdulkader case in a certain way. "Sageman's confounding conclusion is a product of his deep-seed biases reflected in his new book," United State Attorney Benjamin Glassman wrote in a memorandum. "And so, Sageman rewrote the facts to reach a tortured conclusion." Abdulkader is scheduled to be sentenced on Nov. 18. 72 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 9 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2fK89Xa TOP VIDEOS Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 15. 20:46 Supermoon rises over Cincinnati 0:55 Bengals vs. Giants wrap-up 3:15 Student at UC Tensing forum: 'It's time for war' 0:45 Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 Christopher Lee Cornell Sentencing rescheduled for US Capitol plot suspect Cornell Associated Press Plea: Green Twp. man planned terror attack during '15 Obama speech Kevin Grasha Man accused of supporting ISIL expected to plead Kevin Grasha Dramatic change in terror suspect's appearance Kevin Grasha Judge sets competency hearing in terror plot case Dan Sewell 10 times Cincinnati made national news in 2015 This story is part of Christopher Lee Cornell Sentencing rescheduled for US Capitol plot suspect Cornell Plea: Green Twp. man planned terror attack during '15 Obama speech Man accused of supporting ISIL expected to plead
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics HD BAC Best Stocks for 2016 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Offers Growth AND Stability Procter & Gamble (PG) has started its new fiscal year with a bang By Richard Band, Editor, Profitable Investing  |  Nov 11, 2016, 11:49 am EST     Popular Posts: Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Offers Growth AND Stability Recent Posts: Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Offers Growth AND Stability Target Corporation (TGT) Stock Is a Buy Before the Holidays This Isn’t Your Father’s Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock View All Posts In 2014, Procter & Gamble Co (NYSE:PG) announced big changes — it was planning on getting rid of half of its consumer product brands. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) And while that ‘rationalization’ has worked out very well in the past couple years, PG stock remains committed to whittling down its portfolio even further. It has cut 60 brands from its portfolio and is targeting another 44 brands by the end of the year. That will leave PG with about 65 brands. For most companies, taking these aggressive measures would only come after consistently bad quarters and a tanking stock. But at PG, this is the way this company has been able to grow and build for nearly 180 years. That is a very long time to be a profitable business. President Martin Van Buren had just taken over for Andrew Jackson. Chicago and Houston signed their city charters. The Second Seminole War — or Florida War — was underway. And PG was already making money. It continues that long-standing tradition today. And its longevity has been dependent upon broad vision and a focused strategy. 7 A-Rated Cheap Stocks to Buy for Rapid-Fire Growth But its long view doesn’t always benefit the stock price. For the past year, the stock has moved up 9%, which is solid, but not spectacular. The PG Stock Slowdown In late October, PG stock released its Q1 fiscal year 2017 earnings. They were hopeful. Sales were up an average of 3% and earnings per share were up 5%. That means Procter & Gamble’s brand rationalization is doing what management had hoped — allowing its dominant brands more room to grow while cutting back on the less profitable secondary and tertiary brands. As this thinning of the herd continues, it will position PG for new opportunities as well as a stronger focus on its best brands. Also remember, Procter & Gamble is one of the longest-running dividend aristocrats around — it has raised dividends every year for the past 50-plus years. That’s quite a record. And it shows the company’s commitment to shareholders. Right now, its dividend yield is running around a respectable 3.2%. In recent years PG has been a pretty slow grower, but much of that can laid at the feet of CEO Bob McDonald, who arrived in 2009. He began to grow the brands Procter & Gamble had in hopes that more is better. By 2013, activist shareholders were not impressed with the direction McDonald was PG and had him replaced with the CEO who ran the company from 2000 to 2009, when growth was much stronger, AG Lafley. But what Lafley started, was to be handed over to yet another CEO in 2015, David Taylor. Taylor is a longtime employee of PG and has continued to consolidate brands to the good of the stock. Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Stock: The Sky’s the Limit While the markets are going a bit crazy trying to gain advantage in this new world of a Donald Trump presidency, the fact is that a Trump administration is a blank slate for now. Add to that the fact that it’s very likely the Federal Reserve will raise rates in December and you have real instability that will increase volatility into 2017. PG is a bulwark against that volatility. It will win regardless. And when institutional money gets scared, it heads to Procter & Gamble. Either way, you win. Richard Band’s Profitable Investing advisory service helps retirement savers outperform the market without losing a minute of sleep along the way. His straightforward style and low-risk value approach has won seven Best Financial Advisory awards from the Newsletter and Electronic Publishers Foundation. More From InvestorPlace 7 A-Rated Cheap Stocks to Buy for Rapid-Fire Growth 9 Shiny New Dividend Stocks You Can Trust in the Long Run Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/procter-gamble-co-pg-stability-ipmedia/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Growth Stocks for 2017 3 Best Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does 3 Stocks for Any Post-Election Volatility Apple Could Launch Apple Glasses by 2018 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Stock Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy No Matter What the Fed Does The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 Biotech ETFs for Decades of Big Returns 3 Stocks to Help You Build a Safe Haven from Post-Election Volatility 3 Absolutely Frightening Trends for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Stock Most Popular Most Commented 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Is a Post-Election Casualty 16 Best Stocks to Buy Under President Donald Trump The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in 2017 Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town Small Caps Leading the Party in the Markets Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Quietly Set Itself Up for a HUGE Q4 Time to Grab Up Bargains in the Nasdaq 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Trade of the Day: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) a Buy on the Pullback Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading

Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media Search Search Revolving Door Campaigns Agencies Social Media About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Executive Creative Director Nancy Hannon Resigns From Leo Burnett Chicago Advertisement NEXT:5 Biggest Posts of the Past 5 Days PREVIOUS:Friday Odds and Ends Revolving Door Executive Creative Director Nancy Hannon Resigns From Leo Burnett Chicago By Erik Oster on Nov. 11, 2016 - 3:41 PMComment Executive vice president, global executive creative director Nancy Hannon announced her resignation from her position at Leo Burnett Chicago. Sources claim Hannon stepped down on Monday to avoid impending layoffs resulting from the agency’s recent loss of the McDonald’s account and that she has accepted a position at Ogilvy & Mather. Both Leo Burnett and Ogilvy & Mather declined to comment. Hannon has served in her current role since December of 2014, leading P&G’s global Always account. Before joining Leo Burnett she spent a little over a year as executive vice president, executive creative director at Energy BBDO, focusing on the agency’s Quaker and Bayer accounts. That followed five years as a senior vice president, group creative director with The Martin Agency, where she worked with clients including Walmart, Hanes, the American Cancer Society, Living Social, and Opportunity International. Prior to that she spent over four years as vice president, creative director with Y&R Chicago, focusing on the Sears account. DDB triumphed over Leo Burnett in the McDonald’s creative review in late August, with the fast food chain choosing to consolidate its account with Omnicom. Earlier that month, Leo Burnett Chicago parted ways with just over twenty employees, after laying off about ten employees in March and an undisclosed number in what the agency described as a “restructuring move” the following month. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get AgencySpy delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Senior Director, Digital Strategy & Social Media National Urban League New York City, New York (US) Media Planner/Buyer JAY Advertising Rochester, NY in western NYS - on the shores of Lake Ontario and near the Finger Lakes region. Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Advertising Sales & Sponsorship Professional IFP Brooklyn, New York FT Programmatic Ad Operations Director - Downtown Creative Circle Chicago, Illinois See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
Home| Resource Library| Community| Knowledge Centers| Events| Products| Magazine Control Global Login Register Measure Calibration| Expansions and contractions in the process automation industry Microsoft teams with OPC Foundation to support IIoT; Emerson updates SCADA system, RTUs. Microsoft Corp. is working with the OPC Foundation to enable almost any IIoT scenario using interoperability between the millions of OPC UA-compliant applications and equipment. Microsoft will enable IIoT users to connect manufacturing equipment and software with extended support of OPC UA's open-source software stack. Microsoft’s extended support for OPC UA spans its IoT offerings from local connectivity with Windows devices to cloud connectivity via Microsoft Azure. Integration with Azure IoT allows customers to easily send OPC UA data to the Azure cloud, as well as command and control OPC UA devices remotely from the Azure cloud. Pepperl+Fuchs broke ground June 2 on its new U.S. distribution and engineering center in Katy, Texas, near… Full Story Recent Product Roundup: More capable software improving calibration tools Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation ISA, Beamex to host calibration workshop We need a standard for stating measurement accuracy Flow| Electrical capacitance tomography keeps eye on scale ECT gives real-time images of pipe interiors to monitor and manage process scaling. While routine build-up and clogging in process applications is annoying, process scaling is more persistent, causes unplanned downtime and increases costs in many industries. It's typically composed of calcium carbonate, wax, grease or similar… Full Story Recent Piercing thick flow problems Ask The Experts: How to protect a venturi flowmeter? Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation Capacity control of reciprocating compressors Level| Liquid radar level moves up to 80 GHz Narrower beams, smaller antennae and higher sensitivity handle compact, cluttered or non-conductive applications. Noncontact radar level technology is widely used, offering accuracy to 2 mm, range approaching 200 meters, and tolerance of extreme pressures and temperatures with high stability, no moving parts and little maintenance. Steady improvements in signal processing that allow it to accommodate a broad range of vessels and process materials, along with reduced power consumption (including two-wire versions that operate on 4-20 mA) and lower costs have made it the first choice of many instrument specifiers for liquid level. But conventional noncontact radar is restricted to 26 GHz, which leads to compromises in antenna size and beam angle that limit its ability to accommodate foam, buildup and spurious reflections from mounting fittings, tank… Full Story Recent VEGA Americas, Temco explore latest in radar instrumentation Radar level adds abilities State of Technology Report: Level Instrumentation Flow control leveraging better technologies, lower costs Pressure| Ask The Experts: How to protect a venturi flowmeter? Our panel of experts explore best practices for dealing with buildup on chemical seals of a differential pressure flowmeter. Q: We have a venturi flowmeter with 3-in. flanged pressure taps and flanged chemical seals with capillary tubes in a 44-in. vertical pipe (Figure 1). The fluid is hydrocarbon (polymeric) gas. The problem is that the chemical seal diaphragms often… Full Story Recent How to troubleshoot and calibrate 4-20 mA Taming temperature and pressure Product Roundup: More capable software improving calibration tools Béla Lipták on safety: Oil and Gas Temperature| How to troubleshoot and calibrate 4-20 mA Best practices for troubleshooting analog circuits to the PLC. A Control Design reader writes: We have several temperature, pressure and flow sensors on a new medical-device cleaning skid that we are developing. These instruments are connected to a PLC as 4-20 mA inputs, and there is also a 4-20 mA output used to control a pump motor speed. A recent failure of a flow sensor brought the process skid instrumentation to my company's quality manager's attention. He asked how we know that the temperatures, pressure and flow are accurate, and how do we know that we are cleaning properly. I've been tasked to write a procedure for troubleshooting, calibrating and testing the 4-20 mA instruments on the skid. I can probably stumble through this, but what are some best practices for troubleshooting the analog… Full Story Recent Maintaining energy efficient enclosure climate control Taming temperature and pressure Thin-film RTDs offer fast response, streamline calibration We need a standard for stating measurement accuracy Vibration| Meggitt offers HART-enabled vibration sensors Meggitt's PCH420V vibration sensor has a programmable transmitter that allows vibration data to be accessed by HART enabled process controllers. Meggitt's PCH420V is the first HART®-enabled piezo-electric vibration sensor enabling continuous online monitoring of balance-of-plant assets with a digital connection to PLC or DCS systems for local analysis of multiple vibration bands. They are capable of installation in multi-drop configurations and reduce wiring requirements. HART functionality enables the user to specify vibration frequency bands, detector types and full-scale measurement ranges—effectively enabling field-configuration for specific monitoring requirements. PCH420 sensors are powered by the network for continuous coverage, unlike wireless solutions only offering snapshots of asset performance and employing batteries that require frequent replacement. Utilizing PCH… Full Story Recent Designing and testing networking devices for harsh environments 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Meggitt provides HART-enabled piezo-electric vibration sensors Level Field Weight| Resource Guide: Weighing systems tip usefulness scale Control's Monthly Resource Guide brings you the latest online resources on a variety of process control topics. MULTI-PART WEIGHING This four-section webpage by Omega Engineering covers "Weighing Applications," "Weighing System Design," "Installation and Calibration" and "Specialized Installations." The whole group is located at… Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Quickly Test Load Cell Systems The Care and Feeding of your Weigh Cells Industrial Safety Disasters: Not Again-Again and Again Analyzers 10 analyzer resource guides you need to know about Here are 10 online resources to help you understand analyzers, their limitations and advances. PROCESS ANALYZERS 101 This 45-minute video, "Continuous Gas Analyzers," was presented at the Siemens Industry 2013 event. The presentation covers analyzers, sample systems, sample points, defining requirements and budgets, and understanding overall… Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Statistical process control: How to quantify product quality How to simplify analyzer installation Data analysis is only as beneficial as the process and equipment it improves Control Loop Control| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent Product Roundup: More capable software improving calibration tools Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation Operational performance criteria and the future of multivariable control Fine points of compressor surge control Distributed Control| DCS market to decline and recover: ARC Advisory Group Latest research study projects slowing decreases and gradual gains for distributed controls. After experiencing its worst year in 2015 since the great recession in 2008, the market for distributed control systems (DCS) is expected to drop again for 2016 before slowly bouncing back in the following years, according to a new study by ARC… Full Story Recent Making the case for hardware standardization Not your fathers’ DCS migration ControlEdge PLC eases integration with DCS and IIoT A forced march from Dow Chemical’s MODV DCS to Experion PKS PLCs & PACs| How to troubleshoot and calibrate 4-20 mA Best practices for troubleshooting analog circuits to the PLC. A Control Design reader writes: We have several temperature, pressure and flow sensors on a new medical-device cleaning skid that we are developing. These instruments are connected to a PLC as 4-20 mA inputs, and there is also a 4-20 mA output used to control a pump motor speed. A recent failure of a flow sensor brought the process skid instrumentation to my company's quality manager's attention. He asked how we know that the temperatures, pressure and flow are accurate, and how do we know that we are cleaning properly. I've been tasked to write a procedure for troubleshooting, calibrating and testing the 4-20 mA instruments on the skid. I can probably stumble through this, but what are some best practices for troubleshooting the analog… Full Story Recent Turck turns I/O devices into field logic controllers Schneider Electric clicks at Connect 2016 Emerging trends in PLCs, PCs and PACs Redundant PACs bolster PlantStruxure PES SCADA| Water Forum: When to install a condition monitoring system Equipment and repair costs are not the only factors to consider when deciding whether to apply continuous, integrated condition monitoring to rotating equipment. “How expensive is a failure going to be?” asked Kim Chapman, senior project engineer, Hubbell, Roth & Clark, Inc. “We don’t monitor to protect the equipment, we monitor to protect our wallets.” Chapman presented “Monitoring… Full Story Recent Inductive Automation’s Ignition Community Conference 2016 innovates in all directions ICC 2016: Users run with SCADA capabilities Commercial off-the-shelf technology to the rescue, again Self-service analytics for non-data-scientists Multivariable Control| Expanding advanced process control to secondary units Advanced control on fuel and steam can control emissions while saving millions. It’s no secret that advanced process control (APC) has played a major role in the process industries for many decades. However, while many organizations focus only on major process units, there’s often an untapped opportunity to do more, and… Full Story Recent Boilers as fast as fast can be Continuous improvement of continuous processes Model-less multivariable control in practice 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Industrial Computers 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Our readers tell us who they think delivers the best technology in our industry There's knowledge in our readers. That's why every year we ask our loyal audience to help us determine which automation service providers offer the best products and brands they can rely on to get the best combination of performance, ease of use,… Full Story Recent Working with IoT is not as easy as it sounds Avoiding the Internet of spam still requires human intelligence Online resources: PLCs and industrial computers Software development: Every company's next core competence Manipulate Motors| Innovations abound in CONNECT Expo Hall Schneider Electric and its partners show how coordinating process control technologies can optimize users' applications and ensure their success. Like a really great gift basket with seemingly endless treats, the Expo Hall at this week’s Schneider Electric CONNECT 2016 user group conference reveals one terrific surprise after another. The Expo Hall is organized by industries, functional… Full Story Recent Resource Guide: Drives and motors turn up value 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Product RoundUp: Motors and drives refuse to stand still Why not more sophisticated capabilities for motors and drives Valves| Resource Guide: valves, actuators and positioners Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. THE CLASSIC VALVE BOOK The fourth edition of the 295-page classic text, "Control Valve Handbook," by Fisher Controls International and Emerson Process Management reports this classic text has been a primary reference since its first printing in1965. Full Story Recent Ask The Experts: Control valve for cavitating acids? Ask The Experts: Maximum rangeability of linear valves Correcting butterfly valve operation Béla Lipták on safety: Oil and Gas Actuators| Resource Guide: valves, actuators and positioners Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. THE CLASSIC VALVE BOOK The fourth edition of the 295-page classic text, "Control Valve Handbook," by Fisher Controls International and Emerson Process Management reports this classic text has been a primary reference since its first printing in1965. Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Reader feedback: How large does an actuator have to be to handle actual process conditions? New Valve Actuators Address Both Ends of Torque Spectrum All About Actuators, Positioners Drives Drive turns pump into smart, connected asset Process optimization, energy management and asset management benefit from services-based Altivar Process drive. The new Altivar Process variable speed drive from Schneider Electric offers a platform of standard, engineered and special features to meet the needs of industrial and municipal process applications where high functionality of features is… Full Story Recent Resource Guide: Drives and motors turn up value 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Product RoundUp: Motors and drives refuse to stand still Motors and drives: Driving forces Visualize HMI| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent The future of internet access to field devices Special Report: Trends in HMI/SCADA What does good control room design look like? Simply virtualized HMI solution Operator Interface| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent Expansions and contractions in the process automation industry Training simulators smooth operations The future of internet access to field devices Resource Guide: Best summer reading, videos in process automation Alarm Management| Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things Actionable information is essential for the effectiveness of the 'loop,' as it is for closed-loop control and open-loop alarms. When I sat down in my office this morning, I was greeted by the operations manager, who pointed out an entry from last night’s operations log: “Did you see? The boiler steam vent is in manual because the pressure reading whacked out and made the… Full Story Recent The dynamic world of alarms Alarm awareness, management on the upswing: ARC survey Alarm management is more than just rationalization Design alarms and HMI for smooth operations Recorders| 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Our readers tell us who they think delivers the best technology in our industry There's knowledge in our readers. That's why every year we ask our loyal audience to help us determine which automation service providers offer the best products and brands they can rely on to get the best combination of performance, ease of use,… Full Story Recent How Smart Can You Get? The Newest in Data Recorders Data Acquisition Must-Haves The Latest Data Acquisition Tools Data Acquisition and Logging Gets on Track Data Acquisition Safety data strengthens The Connected Enterprise Visualizing and contextualizing safety data can have a positive impact on productivity and compliance. "Information is one thing, but safety information is quite another," says George Schuster. He should know. He’s charged with business development for the Global Safety Team of Rockwell Automation and has seen many plants and factories begin to… Full Story Recent Analytics opens new possibilities Mine the gold in Big Data How IIoT can aid assets for CapEx and OpEx savings SCADA systems harbor untapped data Network Intrinsic Safety| Where wireless meets intrinsic safety How to deal with the constraints of putting access points in hazardous areas. In an ideal world, it wouldn’t be necessary to worry about explosive atmospheres. Unfortunately, plant environments are far from ideal, with most process plants being about 80% Class I, Div. 2 (Zone 2) and another 10% Class I Div. 1 (Zone 1), so… Full Story Recent Pepperl+Fuchs breaks ground on $25M U.S. distribution center Resources Guide: make sure intrinsic safety doesn't blow it 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Process safety would be better if it had strong regulations as German beers do Fieldbus| The future of internet access to field devices Innovations to allow the use of existing 4-20 mA or fieldbus infrastructure for high-speed Ethernet in hazardous areas are being prototyped and demonstrated. Remember the world-wide-wait? You may recall a time “before Google,” when a frequency-shift-keying (FSK) device called a “modem” connected to a broader network, be it CompuServe or AOL. Modems let users employ their twisted-pair phone lines… Full Story Recent FieldComm Group and friends speed Field Device Integration adoption Don’t be afraid to explore new process control and automation technologies OPC UA on the rise from Unified Architecture to Universal Application Let’s use smarter things to make plants run safer and better Wireless| Where wireless meets intrinsic safety How to deal with the constraints of putting access points in hazardous areas. In an ideal world, it wouldn’t be necessary to worry about explosive atmospheres. Unfortunately, plant environments are far from ideal, with most process plants being about 80% Class I, Div. 2 (Zone 2) and another 10% Class I Div. 1 (Zone 1), so… Full Story Recent Apps make automation processes, equipment run better and more reliably How to manage the Ethernet spectrum Exploring the future of wireless adoption in process control Eagle Mine takes wireless underground Industrial Ethernet| How to manage the Ethernet spectrum Because a typical industrial network combines all three physical layers -- fiber, copper and wireless -- the differences between each type of network needs to be managed from the design stage. It seems every controls-related publication contains at least one article on the Industrial Internet of Things (IIoT). However almost all are vaporware or exist in PowerPoint only, with few implementations that couldn’t have been done with… Full Story Recent Don’t be afraid to explore new process control and automation technologies Triconex forges process safety’s future There are advantages to one unified protocol for Ethernet Ethernet changes process automation plant floors I/O Systems| 2016 State of Technology Report: The rise of configurable I/O Download the latest I/O system coverage from the annals of Control. The latest critical trends in I/O systems take advantage of the versatility and communications capabilities of intelligent, configurable I/O. Being able to install universal I/O based on approximate point count, then configure or reconfigure it… Full Story Recent Exploring the tools, skills needed to navigate the Industrial Internet of Things Turck turns I/O devices into field logic controllers Schneider Electric clicks at Connect 2016 Redundancy, versatility added to Universal I/O Mobility| App Platform aims to ‘drive the 33s’ Be just 33 seconds more productive each hour, and the savings mount quickly. Rockwell Automation previewed its new, forward-looking App Platform for mobility at this week’s TechED conference in Orlando. While focused first on redefining smartphone use on the plant floor – with the aim of making individual workers more… Full Story Recent 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Opto 22 adds mobility to operator interfaces with groov Action Plan Mobile trends in industrial automation Smart Industry conference promises real-life approach to IIoT Power Supplies 2016 State of Technology Report: The latest trends in power systems Control’s latest State of Technology report delves into the many aspects of power systems of interest in process plants. From sourcing and ensuring uninterrupted flows of clean electricity to monitoring, regulating and metering generation and consumption throughout a facility, process automation professionals who want a smooth-running, efficient and reliable facility are well advised to seek and control power. This anthology of recent articles delves into the many aspects of power systems of interest in process plants. Remote and wireless systems are speeding development and standardization of energy harvesting and improved battery systems. Line-powered supplies that used to only transform electricity and maybe offer surge protection are now monitoring and measuring current and voltage profiles, implementing alerts and alarms, and sending data up to… Full Story Recent Back to school time: All you need to know about power supply Process and power/electrical controls merging into unified systems Why can't your power source for wireless communication be as simple as a D-cell battery? Advantages and disadvantages of using ac line reactors and dc link reactors Manage Systems Integration| How to succeed in career and system migration The motivations and rewards often seem to have a lot in common. Greg: Here we take advantage of the chance to talk to Bill Thomas, who provides a great lesson of how to succeed in advancing capabilities and opportunities in his career and the control systems for which he was responsible. His career and the… Full Story Recent Major flare gas recovery project delivered on time, on budget Prepare to rationalize and operate on alarms from the Internet of Things ExxonMobil’s patented progress toward integrating control systems, IT Making the case for hardware standardization Asset Management| Resource Guide: Asset management for fun and profit Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. AT THEIR BEST, ALL THE TIME ExperTune’s white paper, “How to Improve Performance of Process Control Assets,” by George Buckbee, P.E., describes the practice of real-time asset performance management, shows how to get assets to perform at their best all the time, and demonstrates the value of integrating these tools for a performance picture that delivers financial results. It’s available here. ISA / www.isa.org ANALYZING, PREDICTING PROBLEMS This 57-minute video, “Avoid Equipment Surprises: Predictive Diagnostics for Oil & Gas,” is presented by Joe Dupree, GE Automation and Controls, and users from NiSource Gas and Alyeska. They demonstrate condition-based monitoring, predictive analytics and other tools for evaluating… Full Story Recent Schneider Electric acquires MaxEAM Remote sensing enables big harvest Big data analytics helping to improve asset performance management Plantman Go: The future of asset lifecycle modeling Batch Management| A technological approach to a classic sauce Employing FactoryTalk Batch software, the century-old Ragu sauce gets a boost from modern technology Steve Christian remembers the days—not too long ago—when production schedules were printed on sheets of paper and distributed to operators at his plant, who would manually twist valve handles to send the Ragu sauce tomato slurry from one kettle… Full Story Recent Batch control blasts off Virtualization key enabler of Kao modernization Chemical plants streamline distributed controls How FactoryTalk software provided the vision Scotts Company needed to grow Optimization Expanding advanced process control to secondary units Advanced control on fuel and steam can control emissions while saving millions. It’s no secret that advanced process control (APC) has played a major role in the process industries for many decades. However, while many organizations focus only on major process units, there’s often an untapped opportunity to do more, and… Full Story Recent Boilers as fast as fast can be Maintaining energy efficient enclosure climate control Continuous improvement of continuous processes Training simulators smooth operations Protect Safety Instrumented Systems| Cybersecurity in the SIS world Find and slay the dragons lurking in the typical safety instrumented system. Cybersecurity is a growing concern in the process industries, and a number of good articles have been written about it for industrial control systems (ICS)—many full of doom and gloom. Here, we will divide the ICS into two parts: safety… Full Story Recent ‘Deepwater Horizon’ film likely sacrifices real safety discussion for Hollywood tropes Triconex forges process safety’s future How history, principles and standards led to the safety PLC The ins and outs of safety instrumented systems—part 2 Cybersecurity| Béla Lipták on safety: Cyber security and nuclear power In this report, process control guru Béla Lipták provides a deep understanding of the causes of the nuclear accidents at Three Mile Island, Chernobyl and Fukushima “The weapons of wars of terror will not be limited to biological weapons and dirty nuclear bombs, but will also include software viruses and worms that will wage cyber warfare in attacking our infrastructure and industry, including our nuclear… Full Story Recent ICS Cybersecurity event gathers experts and solutions Cybersecurity in the SIS world Adapt or die: How do we navigate continuous industry change? Uncertain times require sound decision-making Physical Security| 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Our readers tell us who they think delivers the best technology in our industry There's knowledge in our readers. That's why every year we ask our loyal audience to help us determine which automation service providers offer the best products and brands they can rely on to get the best combination of performance, ease of use,… Full Story Recent Genpak plant roof collapses as staff evacuate building How to secure your industrial networks Physical safety, cybersecurity can't be separated Airport Kabuki and Functional Security Enclosures Resource Guide: Enclosures, panels and boxes Control's monthly guide brings you invaluable industry information to stay up to date on the latest trends and developments. Purge, pressurization guide The 18-page introduction and technical review that leads off “Bebco EPS purge/pressurization systems engineers guide” thoroughly covers considerations involved in explosion-proof enclosures, intrinsic safety (IS),… Full Story Recent How systematic enclosure design optimizes field instrumentation performance Panel modification centers opening 2016 Readers' Choice Awards Pentair improves panel integrators efficiencies Menu Login Register Measure Calibration Flow Level Pressure Temperature Vibration Weight Analyzers Control Loop Control Distributed Control PLCs & PACs SCADA Multivariable Control Industrial Computers Manipulate Motors Valves Actuators Drives Visualize HMI Operator Interface Alarm Management Recorders Data Acquisition Network Intrinsic Safety Fieldbus Wireless Industrial Ethernet I/O Systems Mobility Power Supplies Manage Systems Integration Asset Management Batch Management Optimization Protect Safety Instrumented Systems Cybersecurity Physical Security Enclosures Home| Resource Library| Community| Knowledge Centers| Events| Products| Magazine Home / Articles / 2016 / Power & Energy Forum: DTE Energy St. Bernard rescued by PlantPAx Power & Energy Forum: DTE Energy St. Bernard rescued by PlantPAx The power and steam generating facility dates back to 1886, and the control systems were showing their age By Paul Studebaker Nov 11, 2016 Print Email Tweet -   A   A   A   A   + 1 of 2 < 1 | 2 > View on one page Originally Detroit Energy, DTE Energy Services has branched out into a national footprint. The Electric and Gas Utilities division produces power; “We are in the Non-Utility Businesses unit,” said Mike Srock, senior technical engineer, DTE Energy Services. “The 1980s DCS for plant-wide control and monitoring had everything piped to it with little adapters and devices. There were walls of PLC-5s at their end of life.” DTE Energy’s Mike Srock on the sad state of control the company found when it purchased the St. Bernard co-gen plant near Cincinnati, Ohio.   DTE recently purchased its St. Bernard facility, a 14 MW multi-fuel cogeneration plant in Cincinnati, Ohio, that provides electric power and steam for local industrial customers including Cincinnati Biofuels, J.M. Smucker Co., Procter & Gamble, and St. Bernard Soap Company. DTE used to make acquisition decisions entirely on the business side, without control support. “Sometimes we ended up spending more to fix the plant than it cost to buy it,” said Srock. “In this case, we walked in, looked around and asked, ‘What have we done?’ Before you make an acquisition, get the control guys involved.” Srock co-presented with Alexander Mericle, technical analyst, DTE Energy Services, in the Power & Energy Forum at Automation Fair this week in Atlanta. The plant was built as part of the St. Bernard Soap Company and dated back to 1886. It included one steam turbine, one heat recovery steam generator (HRSG), two package boilers, one coal boiler converted to natural gas, wastewater treatment including reverse osmosis (RO) and condensate units, and “state of the art control systems – for the 1980s,” Srock said. Old dog gets new tricks Two of the boilers were bad, and the control system running the turbines had no support. “The 1980s DCS for plant-wide control and monitoring had everything piped to it with little adapters and devices,” Srock said. “There were walls of PLC-5s at their end of life—you could still get parts, but they were very expensive, so it was very expensive to keep the plant running.” The plant had two control rooms because at some point, “They built a new one and couldn’t move everything into it, so operators had to keep running back and forth,” Srock said. “The newer one, with the DCS, looked cool but was hard to support.” One reverse osmosis (RO) unit had the DCS company’s PLC, the other an Allen-Bradley touchscreen and Flex I/O from Rockwell Automation. On top of all the equipment issues, “The operators resisted any change, to the point where they sabotaged us by stealing our cables,” Srock said Rescue came in the form of a modern distributed control system. “We chose Rockwell Automation PlantPAx because of all the platforms available to us, Rockwell Automation products have historically been very reliable and cost-competitive,” said Srock. “The support is world-class, and parts availability has not been a problem.” The solution included: All new Allen-Bradley ControlLogix controllers for balance-of-plant, wastewater treatment, turbine and boilers Local HMI for RO and condensate systems, as well as the two package boilers An updated SCADA system using Rockwell Automation PlantPAx DCS FactoryTalk Historian ThinManager thin clients for reduced cost and downtime “All these separate control systems were merged and standardized on a platform we use in other plants,” said Mericle. The balance-of-plant wall of PLC-5s was replaced by two redundant ControlLogix controllers, with redundant switches for decreased downtime. Local HMIs were installed for the two boilers and two RO systems, “all with a common look and feel so wherever the operators go, they’re familiar with it,” Mericle said. “We keep the screens in familiar colors so operations can pick up changes the same way that they’re used to.” “We also have software redundancy with the virtual infrastructure,” Mericle said. “We save snapshots for backup on FactoryTalk servers with firewalls.” At one point, a power failure knocked out the PlantPAx HMIs on four ThinManager 9 devices. “We had them all replaced in five minutes, and they came right back up.” Show More Content 1 of 2 < 1 | 2 > View on one page Show Comments Hide Comments Join the discussion We welcome your thoughtful comments. All comments will display your user name. Want to participate in the discussion? Register for free Log in for complete access. Comments No one has commented on this page yet. RSS feed for comments on this page | RSS feed for all comments Free Subscriptions E-Newsletters Digital Editions Control Global Digital Edition Access the entire print issue on-line and be notified each month via e-mail when your new issue is ready for you. Subscribe Today. controlglobal.com E-Newsletters Biweekly updates delivering feature articles, headlines with direct links to the top news stories that are critical to staying up to date on the industry — company news, product announcements, technical issues and more. Subscribe Today. Most Popular Past 7 Days Past 30 Days Past 6 Months All Time 01 Emerson users interact and enlighten 2016 Emerson Global Users Exchange 2016 accelerates learning, innovation… 02 Cybersecurity in the SIS world Find and slay the dragons lurking in the typical safety instrumented… 03 Yokogawa and users partner for brighter future Event included technical presentations, exhibits, corporate initiatives… 04 The US grids have been cyber attacked –industry response and information sharing has failed According to “official” sources, the US electric grid has never been… 05 Controlling smart cars, part 2 Developing the controls for autonomous cars will go faster if designers… 01 Live from Automation Fair 2016 The editors of Control and Control Design were on site to bring you… 02 Positioned for recovery: Top 50 automation companies of 2015 The biggest global and North American process control and automation… 03 An ICS vendor still in denial The demonstration of hacking the SEL751A not only showed how the system… 04 Observations and Implications from the 2016 ICS Cyber Security Conference The 2016 ICS Cyber Security Conference was held October 24-27, 2016 at… 05 Pepperl+Fuchs acquires ecom instruments Move enables company to accelerate rate of new developments in technology… 01 Live from Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 02 The use of protective relays as an attack vector – the cyber vulnerability of the electric grid The implications of the cyber vulnerabilities of digital protective relays… 03 A new paradigm for control system migrations 'During a traditional control system migration, you must move wires from… 04 High performance, future-proofed Rockwell Automation has evolved its integrated architecture into a high… 05 Live from Automation Fair 2016 The editors of Control and Control Design were on site to bring you… 01 Beginner's Guide to Differential Pressure Level Transmitters To avoid costly mistakes it is necessary to understand the measurement… 02 Loop Checking and Field Instrument Testing Procedure Everybody knows that loop checking and field instrument testing is the… 03 Controllers: Direct vs. Reverse-Acting Control Valve Failure Position and Controller Actions Are Independently… 04 ABB Automation & Power World 2012 - Live Coverage Control's Editors Are On the Floor, Covering the ABB Automation &… 05 Top 50 Automation Companies of 2005 For this edition of the Top 50, we've rewritten the rules. Check out which… Control Global About Contact Us Advertise Media Kit Rates & Spec Privacy Policy Legal / T&C Content Voices Blogs Out of Control Cartoons News Industry News Vendor News Current Critical Safety News White Papers Multimedia Special Reports Essentials Fundamentals Ebooks Events Products Technology Roundups E-lits Magazine Subscribe Digital Edition Issue Archive Reprints Site Tools Knowledge Center Microsites Company Profiles Site Map Stay Connected My Account Newsletters Social Media RSS Contact Us | Advertise | Privacy Policy | Legal Disclaimers, Terms & Conditions Copyright © 2004 - 2016 Control Global. All rights reserved. P: 630-467-1300 | 1501 E. Woodfield Road, Suite 400N, Schaumburg, IL 60173 Chemical Processing | Control | Control Design | Food Processing | Pharmaceutical Manufacturing | Plant Services | Smart Industry PutmanMedia®  
null
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Election Day Brings Big Spending on Video Advertising By George Slefo - 8 minutes ago Array 0 See the Spot: Febreze Unleashes #12 Stinks of Christmas to Social Media By Jack Neff - 8 minutes ago Array 0 Cannabis Could Be Added to the Mix by Alcohol Giant as Laws Ease 10 hours ago Array 0 Dr Pepper-Backed Bai Brands to Introduce Sugar-Free Sodas 12 hours ago Array 0 Kia Is Coming Back to Super Bowl By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago Array 0 It's 'One Sweet World' in Timely Ben & Jerry's Ad About Healing Divisions By Alexandra Jardine - Yesterday 0 Kia Is Coming Back to Super Bowl By E.J. Schultz - 13 hours ago 0 The Daily Beast Joins 'The Loyal Opposition.' Is That Good for Business? By Jeremy Barr - 16 hours ago 0 Snapchat's Mysterious Vending Bot Starts Selling Its Spectacles By Garett Sloane - 15 hours ago 0 Here Are the Marketers Being Honored for Best Use of Twitter By Garett Sloane - 18 hours ago 0 How Did Hillary Clinton Screw This Up? For Starters, Her Advertising Was All Wrong By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Trump's Win Has Big Potential Impact on Marketers, Corona to AT&T By Ad Age Staff - Yesterday 0 'What Have We Done?' Marketers, Agencies Aren't Shy About Trump Win - Yesterday 0 Clinton Ad Creators Droga and Goodby React to Loss By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Why Pollsters Got the Election So Wrong, and What It Means for Marketers By Jack Neff - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US See the Spot: Febreze Unleashes #12 Stinks of Christmas to Social Media By Jack Neff. Published on November 11, 2016. Most Popular The holidays are fast approaching, so time for chestnuts, open fires, red Starbucks cups, and … Febreze? On first blush, odor neutralizers and air fresheners seem like what marketers would call "non-endemic" for the holidays. Certainly they're not anyone's idea of a gift. But the Procter & Gamble Co. brand has found sales pick up around the holidays as people look to freshen up their homes for company. Hence the latest version of the #12 Stinks of Christmas from WPP's Possible with Doug E. Fresh, a.k.a. "the human beatbox" and "World's Greatest Entertainer" along with his canine sidekick and social-media sensation @ItsDougThePug, a.k.a. "The King of Pop Culture." The pair do a hip-hop and odor-neutralizing version of the classic "12 Days of Christmas." This follows the success of a 2015 version starring Jane Lynch and Matthew Morrison, which got good reception organically without media support (Citizen Relations handles PR), according to communications manager Mandy Ciccarella. This year, the 30-second U.S. video will also make its way to paid placements on Snapchat, iRadio and other digital venues, but not TV, Ms. Ciccarella said. And it dovetails with a U.K. version starring British TV personality and comedian Paul O'Grady due to launch next week. In this article: CMO Strategy CPG Celebrity Digital Video See the Spot Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
null
Home Subscribe (free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media Info Advertising Info Tweet Articles Blogs Labs Science Reference Reports Videos Radio Infographics Music Cartoons Library RSS Store Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Health Ranger announces 100% authentic, lab-verified hemp extract with CBD Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto Friday, November 11, 2016 by: Ethan A. Huff, staff writer Tags: Podesta emails, Monsanto, Hillary Clinton (NaturalNews) Julian Assange's sacrificial effort to expose the vast corruption behind the Clinton Machine through his "WikiLeaks" releases, has done so much over the past year to change the course of both the nation and the world for the better – most notably with the recent election of outsider Donald J. Trump as America's next president-elect. But what else do these WikiLeaks releases reveal that hasn't been covered by the media, particularly with regards to food policy? A simple search for the word "Monsanto" in The Podesta Emails batch of leaked email documents shows that the biotechnology giant is a close friend of Hillary Clinton and her family's Clinton Foundation – big surprise, right? Dozens of emails and email chains speak about the world's most evil corporation, several discussing its many contributions to what has now been exposed as a massive money-laundering "charity" scam that the Clintons used to line their own pockets. Along with Goldman Sachs, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble and a multitude of other ill-regarded multinationals, Monsanto is exposed as being a longtime contributor to the Clinton Foundation, likely "scratching the back" of the organization with pay-to-play "donations" in exchange for political favors. This is, of course, what the Clinton Foundation is all about, we now know, which is why the Clinton campaign worked so hard during the final days of the election to keep all eyes distracted from WikiLeaks. But these tactics ultimately failed, and what the public now has access to via WikiLeaks is incredibly telling as to the nature of Clinton's relationship with Monsanto. While secretary of state, for instance, Hillary Clinton used her position to "target" nation states that hadn't yet accepted Monsanto's agenda. Countries that didn't cooperate with the plan to adopt transgenic crop technology, it was revealed, were punished with economic and other forms of "retaliation." After word of all this broke headlines, Hillary Clinton earned herself the name "Bride of Frankenfood" for her now-exposed ties to the biotechnology industry, a position that way-back-when cost her in terms of public support. But what we now know from WikiLeaks is that Clinton's handlers worked overtime to rebrand her as an opponent of genetically-modified organisms (GMOs), a position that her primary opponent Bernie Sanders genuinely held, and that helped him tremendously in gaining grassroots support. Hillary campaign tried to steal Bernie Sanders' platform, emails revealBack in March, a peculiar email sent from Gary Hirschberg, chairman of the "Just Label It" GMO labeling campaign to John Podesta, campaign chairman of the Clinton campaign, exposes plans by insiders to rebrand Hillary as some type of hero for food freedom. Dated March 16, 2016, the email sent by Hirschberg, who also serves as chairman of the organic brand Stonyfield Farm, urges Podesta to have Hillary "weigh in" on the GMO issue "if we hope to tap the Bernie progressives' enthusiasm after he concedes." Clinton's attempt to ride on the coattails of Bernie's legacy ultimately failed, but it wasn't the only time that such a strategy was attempted. According to another email, the campaign also tried to brainstorm ways to rebrand Clinton as a dynamic candidate who demonstrated genuine human emotions, as opposed to the "overly programmed" liberal demagogue perception that dominated her previous run for the presidency. All in all, 46 emails in The Podesta Emails archive make mention of Monsanto, and many others discuss biotechnology and other elements of the industrial agriculture system to which Hillary Clinton is bound in allegiance due to her strong financial connections with this industry. Now that she's out of the running for president, though, the American people will hopefully no longer have to endure anymore of her lies. Sources for this article include: WikiLeaks.org Collective-Evolution.com GlobalResearch.ca Non-GMO, Certified Organic Survival Food from the Health Ranger The industry's only clean, lab tested and certified organic instant meals. IN STOCK, SHIPPING TODAY Search on GoodGopher.com GoodGopher.com is the new search engine for truth seekers. Follow real-time breaking news headlines on Podesta emails at FETCH.news The world of independent media, all in one place. Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Podesta emails Monsanto: The world's poster child for corporate manipulation and deceit Monsanto and Syngenta tighten stranglehold on global food supply Hedge funds, insider traders begin dumping Monsanto stock as reality of GMOs sinks in across Wall Street Scientists GONE WILD: Discredited Monsanto shill Kevin Folta unleashes twitter aneurism, accuses Health Ranger of 'violence' and Food Babe of 'terrorism' Help stop former Monsanto VP from attaining top position at the FDA - sign the petition Bride of Frankenfood: Hillary Clinton pushes GMO agenda... hires Monsanto lobbyist... takes huge dollars from Monsanto March Against Monsanto explodes globally... World citizens stage massive protests across 38 countries, 428 cities... mainstream media pretends it never happened Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/055977_Podesta_emails_Monsanto_Hillary_Clinton.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/055977_Podesta_emails_Monsanto_Hillary_Clinton.html">Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Is the fix in? Talk show giant Michael Savage predicts Obama will 'poison pill' the nation before he leaves office Teenager thought she just had a sore throat, found out her body was actually rotting away Soros-funded left-wing anarcho-terrorists plotting to SABOTAGE Trump and overthrow the Republic: Dave Hodges releases urgent interview with Mike Adams TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event The shocking ingredients in flu vaccines WikiLeaks emails mention aspartame, acknowledging it puts holes in mice brains CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Scientist discovers anti-aging protein that could slow down - or even stop - the aging process Healthy 12-year-old girl dies shortly after receiving HPV vaccine Unbelievable scam of cancer industry blown wide open: $100 billion a year spent on toxic chemotherapy for many FAKE diagnoses... National Cancer Institute's shocking admission affects millions of patients U2's Bono partners with Monsanto to destroy African agriculture with GMOs Left-wing violence in wake of Trump victory won't stop until America completely shuns the corrupt 'mainstream media' CIVIL WAR: Violent Leftists openly call for death of Trump supporters Health Ranger introduces lab-verified, 100% authentic hemp extract with CBD: Native Hemp Solutions Six most common places where your hands pick up germs and bacteria Flu shot hoax admitted: "No controlled trials demonstrating a decrease in influenza" From 'rape Melania' to mocking violent beat downs of white people, the extreme cruelty and mental illness of the left has no place in a civilized society SOURCE: Leftists plotting violent uprising and communist coup on January 20... Here's why the 'crybaby diaper brigade' won't succeed CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry LOVE WINS BEWARE: The Empire will strike back in 2017 with an orchestrated, apocalyptic market crash to try to destroy Trump WikiLeaks emails mention aspartame, acknowledging it puts holes in mice brains CIVIL WAR: Violent Leftists openly call for death of Trump supporters MEMO to Trump: Do not waver, and do not compromise; We the People got your back Scandal-hit hospital left child dehydrated after heart surgery, sucking on wet wipes until his death Washington Post now quoting the Health Ranger who predicted EVERYTHING about the election results and post-election leftist violence Teenager thought she just had a sore throat, found out her body was actually rotting away Whining, sore-loser leftist women now claiming ALL humans with a vagina should have voted for Hillary... just 'cuz Healthy 12-year-old girl dies shortly after receiving HPV vaccine Election of Donald Trump proves that the power of the people can overcome corruption and a 'rigged' system Scientific study reveals conspiracy theorists the most sane of all All signs point to a corporate takeover of the marijuana industry by Bayer, Monsanto CDC scientist confirms Donald Trump is right about vaccines and autism Why flu shots are the greatest medical fraud in history Contaminated food from China now entering the U.S. under the 'organic' label 10 Urgent preparedness items you'll need when Trump wins the election next Tuesday THE END GAME closes in on the Clintons as the deep state turns... massive collection of criminally damning evidence about to be revealed that will bring down the Clinton crime family forever MUTINY AT THE FBI: Comey warned by his own agents to indict Clinton or watch the FBI's reputation go down in flames George Soros on tape: Trump will win popular vote in 'landslide,' but Hillary Clinton's electoral victory is already 'a done deal' The FBI is going to bring down the DOJ... and America will cheer the agency's heroes as the Clinton crime regime is finally toppled Erik Prince: Hillary emails show everything from pay-for-play to pedophilia, NYPD ready to make arrests BREAKING: Racketeering indictment of Hillary Clinton now 'likely' as FOIA for Datto backup device reveals FBI possesses ALL the incriminating emails Dementia now striking people in their 40s as mercury from vaccines causes slow, degenerative brain damage Severe childhood allergies to peanuts, eggs and dairy directly linked to 'trace' ingredients in common vaccines After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all Podesta email bombshell: Clinton campaign was heavily funded by Monsanto ANALYSIS: Election outcome scenarios reveal 95% chance of widespread post-election violence... streets of America to run red with blood The defeated left turns to HATE: Liberals unleash beatings, death threats and calls for mass murder of Trump supporters TRIGGER WARNING: Why precious college snowflakes will eliminate themselves from the human gene pool at the next natural selection event ANALYSIS: Chipotle is a victim of corporate sabotage... biotech industry food terrorists are planting e.coli in retaliation for restaurant's anti-GMO menu Canadian government orders residents to get rid of their old wood-burning stoves or pay thousands of dollars in fines Salmon caught near Seattle proven to be inundated with antidepressants, cocaine and more The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement What you are not being told about the Zika virus Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes San Bernardino shooting has all the signs of a staged government operation or ISIS terror attack (from what we know so far) Smokers or past smokers: Six ways to cleanse and revitalize your lungs 10 health benefits of cucumbers Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Zika HOAX exposed by South American doctors: Brain deformations caused by larvicide chemical linked to Monsanto; GM mosquitoes a 'total failure' Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes The lemon detox diet - a recipe that really works Popular on Facebook 61K EVERYTHING IS RIGGED: Medicine, science, elections, the media, money, education, search engines, social media... you are living in a fabricated fairy tale 46K Whole Foods goes ROGUE... partners with Monsanto to kill GMO labeling across America and replace with fake labeling deception... SENATE VOTE PLANNED AS EARLY AS TOMORROW 40K All-out effort to destroy Trump PROVES he's not part of the establishment... NOT an insider... 'Trump' movement has grown way beyond one man's actions or words 38K 10 shocking reasons why Zika virus fear is another fraudulent medical hoax and vaccine industry funding scam 36K Electoral victory for Hillary already LOCKED IN via massive bribery... George Soros admits on video... democracy be damned... THEFT of the presidency already complete 35K 56 examples of outrageously foul, lewd language spewed by Bill and Hillary Clinton over the last three decades 35K Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election 30K CDC forced to reveal documents proving Thimerosal vaccine preservative causes autism 26K Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way 23K Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson just sold out to Big Pharma... says children should be forcibly injected with mercury at gunpoint... claims government 'science' overrides medical freedom 23K VOTERS WARNED: You've already lost America... this election is about taking it back in the last non-violent way possible: At the voting booth 22K The defeat of Hillary Clinton just dealt a devastating blow to Monsanto, Big Pharma and the corrupt vaccine industry 20K Hillary the CHEAT! Clinton caught wearing covert earpiece during last night's debate with Trump... brazen dishonesty on display yet again 20K Facebook goes full ORWELLIAN... now blocking all stories mentioning the keyword phrase 'm-nd-t-ry v-cc-n-t--ns' 19K Staged Zika pandemic was engineered by globalist governments to justify the aerial bombardment of awakening populations with toxic chemicals 18K Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs 17K TRUMP MIRACLE... DEPLORABLES TAKE BACK AMERICA... LEFTISTS TOTAL FREAK OUT 17K After terrorizing America with Zika scaremongering, Washington Post now admits Zika virus doesn't cause brain deformities after all NaturalNews.com Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News From 'rape Melania' to mocking violent beat downs of white people, the extreme cruelty and mental illness of the left has no place in a civilized society (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago SOURCE: Leftists plotting violent uprising and communist coup on January 20... Here's why the 'crybaby diaper brigade' won't succeed (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago NFL players warned: Steroids injected in meat could cause them to fail drug tests (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Canadian fertility doctor accused of impregnating patients with his own sperm (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Ebola scare: Canadian lab worker quarantined after possible exposure (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Colgate toothpaste found to contain cancer-causing chemical (Naturalnews.com) - 1 Hour Ago Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow hits record high above 18,800 Margreet Dietz Friday November 11, 2016 Share RELATED AUDIO: Trump's speech may have calmed the markets, says Mark Lister Play Log in or subscribe to listen to audio. Pause Add to MyNBR Radio 0 0:00 0:10 Play NBR radio on Wall Street advanced, with the Dow climbing to a record high, while US Treasurys slid, amid bets that US president-elect Donald Trump will spend more and regulate less. "People are going through the possibilities about what Washington looks like today and what Washington can do or not do for them," John Manley, chief equity strategist for Wells Fargo Funds Management in New York, told Bloomberg. "Corporations feel there's a less restrictive hand. People may take that as a positive." At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 218.19 points, or 1.2%, to 18,807.88. Earlier in the session it touched an all-time record high 18,810.58. The Dow's previous high was 18,636 on August 15 and is up more than 5% for the week The Standard & Poor's 500 Index added 0.2% to 2167.48 and is up 4% for the week. The Dow rose, led by advances in Pfizer and JPMorgan Chase, up 4.7% and 3.9% respectively. Bucking the trend, Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola declined 3.4% and 2.9% respectively. Tech stocks fall The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.6%, as shares of Amazon and Apple declined 3.5% and 2.3% respectively. "Tech stocks aren't really in the handbook," Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York, told Reuters. "They aren't really going to benefit from Trump's stimulus spending on infrastructure and are sort of sitting in the middle. "They aren't part of the oversold sectors such as banks and health nor are they high dividend paying stocks that [are] getting sold off." Also, some investors are concerned tech stocks might suffer from Trump's protectionist stance. The US dollar rose while Treasury yields fell amid bets a Trump presidency will bolster inflation, while the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates. Bond yields rise Yields on the benchmark 10-year note rose four basis points to 2.10%, while yields on the 30-year bond climbed increased five basis points to 2.90%, according to Bloomberg. "The [US] dollar will do very well" on a broad trade-weighted basis in the next 12 months, Bilal Hafeez, global head of foreign-exchange research at Nomura Holdings in London, told Bloomberg. "The Fed will be increasing interest rates, the US will be engaging in fiscal stimulus of some kind, which is much-needed by economies around the world, so we'll have faster growth and more inflationary pressures." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.3% decline from the previous close. Germany's DAX Index fell 0.2%, France's CAC 40 Index declined 0.3%, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index shed 1.2%. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags while you were sleeping Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7090 -0.0037 -0.52% AUD 0.9392 -0.0029 -0.31% EUR 0.6608 -0.0026 -0.39% GBP 0.5695 -0.0001 -0.02% HKD 5.4989 -0.0299 -0.54% JPY 77.3690 0.2540 0.33% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1228.4 8.900 2016-11-15T00: Oil Brent 48.0 2.600 2016-11-15T00: Oil Nymex 46.4 2.570 2016-11-15T00: Silver Index 17.0 0.150 2016-11-15T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6770.4 6819.5 6770.4 0.72% NASDAQ 5241.4 5287.1 5218.4 1.10% DAX 10720.9 10748.3 10693.7 0.39% DJI 18858.2 18925.3 18868.7 0.29% FTSE 6753.2 6820.5 6753.2 0.59% HKSE 22270.9 22411.1 22222.2 0.46% NI225 17832.5 17850.1 17668.2 0.97% ASX 5326.2 5346.7 5326.2 0.16% Most Popular Read Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura IoD's chief executive quits abruptly Dutch multinational adds Kiwi tea and coffee brands to its stable Shaken but not stirred: Sir Bob surveys Wellington CBD damage NZ small depositors won’t be forced to take a haircut if banks fail Commented Statistics NZ Wellington building off-limits after floor pancaked in quake Aucklanders detest new city slogan; want Ateed's wings clipped Liquidators stir bad blood at Mad Butcher Quake day three: building collapse watch in Wellington, visiting warships divert to Kaikoura New Zealand, Israel close to signing bilateral innovation agreement, summit told Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Professor Anat Admati on bank deposit insurance and making banks safer In Editor's Insight, Nevil Gibson analyses why the bond market has collapsed and growth is going up John Bowie on grievances between Dame Lowell Goddard and the British government John Key says road and rail links were built a long time ago when less was known about seismic risks 'All of this carry-on about reclaimed land' in earthquake-hit Wellington is 'nonsense' – Sir Bob Jones Only available on Previous article MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares recoup Trump losses Next article 'Business as usual' for Auckland strip club in receivership and liquidation Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Dow hits record high above 18,800
null

null
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Dow hits record high 7:51 November 11, 2016Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Nov. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street advanced, with the Dow climbing to a record high, while US Treasuries slid, amid bets that US President-elect Donald Trump will spend more and regulate less. While you were sleeping: Dow hits record high Nov. 11 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street advanced, with the Dow climbing to a record high, while US Treasuries slid, amid bets that US President-elect Donald Trump will spend more and regulate less. “People are going through the possibilities about what Washington looks like today and what Washington can do or not do for them,” John Manley, chief equity strategist for Wells Fargo Funds Management in New York, told Bloomberg. “Corporations feel there’s a less restrictive hand. People may take that as a positive.” In 1.14pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.1 percent. Earlier in the session it touched a record high 18,810.58. In 12.59pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index added 0.3 percent. The Dow rose, led by advances in shares of Pfizer and those of JPMorgan Chase, up 4.7 percent and 3.9 percent respectively. Bucking the trend, shares of Procter & Gamble and those of Coca-Cola declined, down 3.4 percent and 2.9 percent respectively. The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 0.6 percent, as shares of Amazon and Apple declined, down 3.5 percent and 2.3 percent respectively. “Tech stocks aren’t really in the handbook,” Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York, told Reuters. “They aren’t really going to benefit from Trump’s stimulus spending on infrastructure and are sort of sitting in the middle.” “They aren’t part of the oversold sectors such as banks and health nor are they high dividend paying stocks that [are] getting sold off,” Hogan noted. Also, some investors are concerned tech stocks might suffer from Trump’s protectionist stance. The US dollar rose while Treasuries fell amid bets a Trump presidency will bolster inflation, while the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates. Yields on the benchmark 10-year note rose four basis points to 2.10 percent, while yields on the 30-year bond climbed increased five basis points to 2.90 percent, according to Bloomberg. “The [US] dollar will do very well” on a broad trade-weighted basis in the next 12 months, Bilal Hafeez, global head of foreign-exchange research at Nomura Holdings in London, told Bloomberg. “The Fed will be increasing interest rates, the US will be engaging in fiscal stimulus of some kind, which is much-needed by economies around the world, so we’ll have faster growth and more inflationary pressures.” In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.3 percent decline from the previous close. Germany’s DAX Index fell 0.2 percent, France’s CAC 40 Index declined 0.3 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index shed 1.2 percent. (BusinessDesk) Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Genesis Energy agrees to buy NZOG’s stake in Kupe field Investore Property’s maiden first-half result as standalone IkeGPS first-half loss widens as Stanley rollout delayed Peter Yealands Recognised with Lifetime Achievement Award ATEED Head “Living the Life of Riley” Tuatara stoush demonstrates court of public opinion rules Survey finds little impact on business from OECD tax plan NZ dollar falls as US data lifts greenback 2016 iSANZ Awards winners announced Air New Zealand Airband™ Innovation of the Year Mastercard recommends simple steps to protect against fraud TPP Act Sends Important Signal – Business Leaders NZ dollar gains as US bond rally runs out of puff in Asia ASB Bank profit jumps 12% in September quarter Takeovers Panel sees no code breach by Hellaby Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Lancaster Guardian Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Your Say Opinion Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Boxing Rugby League Athletics National Sport More Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts TV & Film Eating Out Lifestyle Nostalgia Family Gadgets & Tech Outdoors Travel Competitions & Awards British Olympian Jessica Ennis-Hill visits Heysham primary school Olympian Jessica Ennis-Hill visits Trumacar Primary School, in Heysham. Gemma Sherlock Email 14:24 16:05 Thursday 10 November 2016 0 Have your say One of Britain’s greatest ever Olympians has visited a Heysham primary school. Jessica Ennis-Hill had a very busy morning meeting pupils and parents at Trumacar Nursery and Community Primary School. Olympian Jessica Ennis-Hill visits Trumacar Primary School, in Heysham. Jessica, Olympic gold medallist for heptathlon at the 2012 London Olympic Games, visited Trumacar on Thursday after the school won a nationwide competition. The athlete, who recently retired from the sport, was overwhelmed with hugs and drawings from hundreds of pupils as she took a tour around the school. “It’s been fantastic,” said Jessica. “It’s so nice to come to different areas and see how different schools work and how they incorporate sport into their school life. Olympian Jessica Ennis-Hill visits Trumacar Primary School, in Heysham. “I’ve been showed around by six kids and they have been brilliant - lots of hugs, lots of letters and pictures they have drawn for me. It’s been really, really special. “We drove up earlier this morning and it was raining and horrible, but the school has a fantastic set-up and they’ve put a lot of time and energy in.” The mum-of-one is an ambassador for consumer goods company Procter & Gamble’s ‘Thank You Mum’ campaign. Their competition encouraged children to think about the support they receive from family, friends, teachers, or anyone else, and to celebrate the people who help us to believe in ourselves. Olympian Jessica Ennis-Hill visits Trumacar Primary School, in Heysham. Trumacar created a display in their hall for the competition to celebrate the campaign. The school, on Combermere Road, was picked out of thousands of entries across the UK. “What an inspirational day,” said Paul Slater, headteacher at Trumacar Nursery and Community Primary School. “She is such a wonderful, positive role model for the children. “The children were so excited to meet her. “The way she has come across today is how she behaves on television, very warm and humble, she is just a genuine person.” Chris Beckett, sports teacher at Trumacar, and Mrs Moore applied for the competition earlier this year and were told of their success in July. Staff and classes from Reception to Year 6 have been waiting for the visit for a very long time. “I knew we had a good display but I didn’t think we would win,” said Mr Beckett. “I thought if we win, we win and when I got the email I was so excited I burst into the governors meeting to tell everyone. “Jessica is such a positive role model, she has been great with the kids today.” It was Jessica’s first time visiting Morecambe and the athlete gave a motivational speech to the school assembly before handing out certificates to each class. Jessica retired shortly after winning silver at this year’s Rio Olympics. The 30-year-old mum from Sheffield is also a double world champion. “I am a mum now and can appreciate the sacrifices and challenges and how hard it can be to be a mum,” said Jessica. “My mum took me to my first athletics club and encouraged me to do athletics, she has just been an absolute role model to me.” When asked about how she feels about being a role model Jessica said: “When you get involved in sport you do sport because you love it and you want to be the best you can be. “Then as you become a role model it is something that happens over time. “It is an incredible feeling because it is a huge responsibility but also a really nice position to be in. “What I do and what I love doing can hopefully inspire other kids and people around the country to keep active.” The double gold winning athlete also wanted to give some advice to those who aspire to have a career in sports. She said: “Try as many sports as you possibly can and just enjoy what you do. “Don’t feel the pressure of having to perform or trying to set too many targets. “You have to enjoy what you do, work hard and train hard and hopefully you will go on to achieve great things.” Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Lancaster Guardian means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Lancaster Guardian You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Lancaster Guardian Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Lancaster City FC Lifestyle What's On Competitions & Awards More from Lancaster Guardian Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Economy And Policy » Does Turkey Provide A Successful Environment For Business Growth? ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship Egypt's pound continues to strengthen against the dollar Saudi Arabia to ramp up imports of Australian agricultural products Oil giant BP plans $13B investment in Egypt by 2020 UAE extends maternity leave for government employees Millennials look to UAE for career advancement in region: WEF Absconding expat workers risk fines, lifetime bans from Saudi Arabia Egypt seeks $800M European aid to help ease pressure on the poor IHG plans UAE's largest Holiday Inn at Dubai Festival City Yemen's Central Bank sub-governor sacked for corruption, misconduct Alabbar's billion-dollar, Saudi-backed Noon.com seeks to dominate regional e-commerce market Jordan to increase sheep, poultry products to Gulf markets Does Turkey provide a successful environment for business growth? Does Turkey provide a successful environment for business growth? 2.5 5 Published November 10th, 2016 - 13:00 GMT via SyndiGate.info Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Turkey is a rising regional hub for manufacturers. (File photo) Many businesses believe Turkey’s strategic location at the crossroads of Europe and Central Asia, and its skilled workforce is a winning formula. Turkey, a rising regional hub for manufacturers: The biggest car manufacturers have located factories in Turkey. One plant visited by Euronews produces buses mainly for export. German automaker Mercedes has made one of the largest foreign direct investments in Turkey. In 50 years, it has put more than 960 million euros on the table. Auto suppliers have developed the world’s most unique manufacturing zone: 300 hectares are home to 90 companies in the sector. This system generates an annual revenue of 2.5 billion. American multinational Procter & Gamble has been in Turkey for 30 years. A quarter of its production is exported. The rest goes to the young and dynamic domestic market. “Twenty-five percent of Turkish population is below 15 years old,” P&G Turkey CEO Tankut Turnaoglu told Euronews. “So that actually creates a really vibrant consumer market. And that combine with the upward mobility and the growth of the middle class makes turkey as one of the most attractive market global for consumer goods.” The company has invested 700 million dollars in Turkey. It injected 80 million in capital this year. It benefits from a supportive government framework and a favourable tax climate. “Some of those incentives are in the tax area, some of those incentives are in the input area, on the import and making some of those imports at lower costs for the company, makes it very interesting for companies like us to invest in Turkey,” added Turnaoglu. Turkey is in the top 20 of world economies and has its sights set on the top 10 within five years. Reaching this target required significant investment in the country’s infrastructure. A third airport is being built in Istanbul. And a new ultra modern sea port has been in operation for a few months.” Remote gantry cranes that load and unload containers from the largest container ships in the world. The fully-automated, computerised system provides a real boost to productivity. Eventually this port could give a new push to the Turkish economy, and thus create – a new bridge to Europe and Asia. Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Advertisement Copyright © euronews 2016 Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Parents have baby ‘living on the edge’ of a cliff for a souvenir photo in Saudi Going out in flames: Iranian man sets his Filipina girlfriend on fire in restaurant in Japan Trumped by love: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump goes viral Finally, a definitive answer on the Middle East’s most generous people: Iraqis Oh, the irony: Turkey warns citizens against travel to US amid anti-Trump protests Muslim woman in Italy fined $32,500 for refusing to remove niqab at public meeting Hate crime? Saudi student assaulted in Wisconsin, dies from injuries Sure to disappoint football fans, Qatar will ban alcohol during 2022 world cup A bit of good news: First Somali-American woman elected to US Congress ‘It was a vote against me’: Trump win strikes fear into American Muslim community Life is a rollercoaster for ‘the Afghan girl’: After Pakistan deported her, Sharbat Gula met Afghan president A life of struggle: National Geographic’s iconic ‘Afghan girl’ deported from Pakistan Top Headlines Walk This Way... where Aerosmith will bid farewell to Israel next May President of IOC Praises Qatar's Commitment to Sports Sports Struck 'Withered Green' first Arab movie to screen at Singapore International Film ‎Festival Egypt's Kenzy El-Defrawy wins 2016 Amman Squash Open RECENT ARTICLES Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund Advance your HR career in MENA with the help of online tools The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship FEATURED STORIES Nip, tuck: Dubai's grand plans for being a major player in medical tourism Zain, UNHCR, Facebook to bring free internet access to urban refugees in Jordan Yemen Central Bank headquarters to relocate from Sanaa to Aden IMF report details the crippling economic effects of conflict in MENA Start Up Lebanon entrepreneurs head to Silicon Valley Roadshow RELATED ARTICLES Bayt.com poll reveals that people feel that their education does not prepare them for success in the workplace Business Environment Climate, business and society: elements for success at the 6th Conference of the parties (COP6) Jebel Ali only non-far east port to rank in top ten – Bin Sulayem credits success to Dubai’s leadership An alternative index for growth: Middle East built environment wealth reaches $3.4 trillion! MOST POPULAR Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos praises Jordan's investment climate on visit to Amman SMEs in MENA make up 90 percent of registered companies Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Related Videos Dubai Financial Market Feb 5, 2011: A gas pipeline supplying fuel to Jordan and Israel exploded The first UAE-made satellite KhalifaSat From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Celebrity couple Amy Samir Ghanem and Hassan Raddad tie the knot in Egypt Russia announces first-ever strike on Aleppo from aircraft carrier   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2016 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Sign up for the Freebie Friday newsletter and start saving some green Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Free rotisserie chicken at Publix How to get free groceries at Publix Extreme coupon tricks to get free, cheap food at the grocery store. Extreme coupon tricks to get free, cheap food at the grocery store. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Dinner's on Publix with free rotisserie chicken starting Thursday. Privacy Policy Get a free $7 rotisserie chicken and save $10 on gas cards at Publix starting Thursday. Bag the free bird when you buy three eligible P&G products. The promotion is listed on the Page 2 of week's store circular, available at store entances. No coupon is necessary. Mix-and-match Tide and Gain detergent, Bounty paper towels, Charmin bathroom tissue, Crest toothpaste and mouthwash, Tampax and Always products, Pantene Pro V shampoo and conditioner, assorted Gillette disposable razors, Pampers diapers and Vicks NyQuil cold medicine. Cheap Butterball turkeys at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership offer Doreen Christensen Shop ahead and get cheap Butterball turkeys at BJ's Wholesale Club. Bag 10-14 pound premium frozen birds for 89-cents a pound through Saturday, Nov. 12. The limit is two per customer. If you're not a member, BJ's is offering a  free 90-day membership with a coupon valid through Dec. 31. There is... Shop ahead and get cheap Butterball turkeys at BJ's Wholesale Club. Bag 10-14 pound premium frozen birds for 89-cents a pound through Saturday, Nov. 12. The limit is two per customer. If you're not a member, BJ's is offering a  free 90-day membership with a coupon valid through Dec. 31. There is... (Doreen Christensen) Don't forget to add coupons found at PGEveryday.com and Coupons.com. The free chicken offer runs through Wednesday, Nov. 16. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus and sign up for my Freebie Friday newsletter. Copyright © 2016, Sun Sentinel Pictures: 68 U.S. supermarkets ranked from worst to first Doreen's Deals: Happy 86th birthday, Publix! | Commentary PICTURES: 50 reasons we love Publix All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 72°
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Board of I G Petrochemicals decides to acquire Mysore Petro Chemicals' Maleic Anhydride Business Business Standard Market extends intraday gains Capital Market  November 10, 2016 Last Updated at 12:13 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJAtex Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Market pares gains; positive market breadth Market extends initial gains Market trims initial gains Market hits intraday high Market trims gains Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 445.96 points or 1.64% at 27,698.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 157.70 points or 1.87% at 8,589.70. Strong cues from Asian markets boosted investors' sentiment. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, hit their highest level in more than one week in early afternoon trade. The Sensex rose 490.93 points, or 1.80% at the day's high of 27,743.46 in early afternoon trade, its highest level since 1 November 2016. The index rose 239.40 points, or 0.88% at the day's low of 27,491.93 at the onset of trading session. The Nifty rose 166.45 points, or 1.97% at the day's high of 8,598.45 in early afternoon trade, its highest level since 1 November 2016. The index rose 80.90 points, or 0.96% at the day's low of 8,512.90 at the onset of trading session. The broad market depicted strength. There were almost five gainers against every loser on BSE. 2,056 shares rose and 418 shares fell. A total of 112 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 2.43%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 2.61%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. FMCG shares edged higher. Tata Global Beverages (up 2.91%), Britannia Industries (up 2.65%), Marico (up 2.09%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.08%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.94%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.08%), Dabur India (up 1.08%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.88%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.59%), Nestle India (up 0.49%) and Bajaj Corp (up 0.46%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare was down 1.80%. Telecom stocks were in demand. Bharti Airtel (up 3.84%), MTNL (up 3.67%), Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) (up 3.46%), Reliance Communications (up 3.31%) and Idea Cellular (up 1.87%), edged higher. Telecom tower infrastructure provider Bharti Infratel was up 3.97% to Rs 378.65. Motherson Sumi Systems jumped 6.43% after consolidated net profit rose 26.17% to Rs 479.85 crore on 14.29% growth in total income to Rs 10337.08 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 10 November 2016. Uflex jumped 5.79% after the company announced the launch of profile pouch for liquids with sonically sealed spout. The announcement was made during market hours today, 10 November 2016. Uflex recently launched profile pouch for liquids with sonically sealed spout in India and offered it to Paras Dairy for packing its ghee (clarified butter). The laminate of the pouch engineered at Uflex's packaging plant at Noida is a three ply structure comprising isotropic PET/ isotropic PET/co-ex nylon polyethylene (PE). Two transparent lsotropic polyester layers provide excellent mechanicals to the laminate that are required to withstand harsh supply chain conditions. The three ply structure has been especially engineered to optimize the OTR and WVTR for extending the shelf life of the product packed, Uflex said. Pidilite Industries was up 0.72% after consolidated net profit rose 13.1% to Rs 231 crore on 9.1% growth in gross sales to Rs 1522 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 9 November 2016. Bharat Puri, Managing Director, Pidilite Industries, commented that in the context of continued challenging market conditions, the company delivered steady sales volume growth. It continues to focus on growing its core categories through appropriate investment and driving operational efficiencies, Puri said. On the macro front, the figures for direct tax collections up to October 2016 show that net collections are at Rs 3.77 lakh crore which is 10.6% more than the net collections for the corresponding period last year. Till October 2016, 44.5% of the Budget estimates of direct taxes for financial year 2016-17 has been achieved. The figures for indirect tax collections (Central Excise, Service Tax and Customs) up to October 2016 show that net revenue collections are at Rs 4.85 lakh crore which is 26.7% more than the net collections for the corresponding period last year. Till October 2016, 62.4% of the Budget estimates of indirect taxes for financial year 2016-17 has been achieved. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher to join a global rebound on speculation Donald Trump will pursue business-friendly policies. Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 6.72%. US stocks rallied Wednesday, 9 November 2016, led by a surge in financial, health-care and industrial stocks, as investors bet on the infrastructure spending policy promised by President-elect Donald Trump. Trump was declared as the 45th President of the United States yesterday, 9 November 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Stock Market | Bse | Nifty | Sensex | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Market extends intraday gains Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 445.96 points or 1.64% at 27,698.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 157.70 points or 1.87% at 8,589.70. Strong cues from Asian markets boosted investors' sentiment. Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 445.96 points or 1.64% at 27,698.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 157.70 points or 1.87% at 8,589.70. Strong cues from Asian markets boosted investors' sentiment. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, hit their highest level in more than one week in early afternoon trade. The Sensex rose 490.93 points, or 1.80% at the day's high of 27,743.46 in early afternoon trade, its highest level since 1 November 2016. The index rose 239.40 points, or 0.88% at the day's low of 27,491.93 at the onset of trading session. The Nifty rose 166.45 points, or 1.97% at the day's high of 8,598.45 in early afternoon trade, its highest level since 1 November 2016. The index rose 80.90 points, or 0.96% at the day's low of 8,512.90 at the onset of trading session. The broad market depicted strength. There were almost five gainers against every loser on BSE. 2,056 shares rose and 418 shares fell. A total of 112 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 2.43%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 2.61%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. FMCG shares edged higher. Tata Global Beverages (up 2.91%), Britannia Industries (up 2.65%), Marico (up 2.09%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.08%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.94%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.08%), Dabur India (up 1.08%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.88%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.59%), Nestle India (up 0.49%) and Bajaj Corp (up 0.46%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare was down 1.80%. Telecom stocks were in demand. Bharti Airtel (up 3.84%), MTNL (up 3.67%), Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) (up 3.46%), Reliance Communications (up 3.31%) and Idea Cellular (up 1.87%), edged higher. Telecom tower infrastructure provider Bharti Infratel was up 3.97% to Rs 378.65. Motherson Sumi Systems jumped 6.43% after consolidated net profit rose 26.17% to Rs 479.85 crore on 14.29% growth in total income to Rs 10337.08 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 10 November 2016. Uflex jumped 5.79% after the company announced the launch of profile pouch for liquids with sonically sealed spout. The announcement was made during market hours today, 10 November 2016. Uflex recently launched profile pouch for liquids with sonically sealed spout in India and offered it to Paras Dairy for packing its ghee (clarified butter). The laminate of the pouch engineered at Uflex's packaging plant at Noida is a three ply structure comprising isotropic PET/ isotropic PET/co-ex nylon polyethylene (PE). Two transparent lsotropic polyester layers provide excellent mechanicals to the laminate that are required to withstand harsh supply chain conditions. The three ply structure has been especially engineered to optimize the OTR and WVTR for extending the shelf life of the product packed, Uflex said. Pidilite Industries was up 0.72% after consolidated net profit rose 13.1% to Rs 231 crore on 9.1% growth in gross sales to Rs 1522 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 9 November 2016. Bharat Puri, Managing Director, Pidilite Industries, commented that in the context of continued challenging market conditions, the company delivered steady sales volume growth. It continues to focus on growing its core categories through appropriate investment and driving operational efficiencies, Puri said. On the macro front, the figures for direct tax collections up to October 2016 show that net collections are at Rs 3.77 lakh crore which is 10.6% more than the net collections for the corresponding period last year. Till October 2016, 44.5% of the Budget estimates of direct taxes for financial year 2016-17 has been achieved. The figures for indirect tax collections (Central Excise, Service Tax and Customs) up to October 2016 show that net revenue collections are at Rs 4.85 lakh crore which is 26.7% more than the net collections for the corresponding period last year. Till October 2016, 62.4% of the Budget estimates of indirect taxes for financial year 2016-17 has been achieved. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher to join a global rebound on speculation Donald Trump will pursue business-friendly policies. Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 6.72%. US stocks rallied Wednesday, 9 November 2016, led by a surge in financial, health-care and industrial stocks, as investors bet on the infrastructure spending policy promised by President-elect Donald Trump. Trump was declared as the 45th President of the United States yesterday, 9 November 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market extends intraday gains Buying continued unabated as key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in early afternoon trade. At 12:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was up 445.96 points or 1.64% at 27,698.49. The Nifty 50 index was up 157.70 points or 1.87% at 8,589.70. Strong cues from Asian markets boosted investors' sentiment. The Sensex and the Nifty, both, hit their highest level in more than one week in early afternoon trade. The Sensex rose 490.93 points, or 1.80% at the day's high of 27,743.46 in early afternoon trade, its highest level since 1 November 2016. The index rose 239.40 points, or 0.88% at the day's low of 27,491.93 at the onset of trading session. The Nifty rose 166.45 points, or 1.97% at the day's high of 8,598.45 in early afternoon trade, its highest level since 1 November 2016. The index rose 80.90 points, or 0.96% at the day's low of 8,512.90 at the onset of trading session. The broad market depicted strength. There were almost five gainers against every loser on BSE. 2,056 shares rose and 418 shares fell. A total of 112 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 2.43%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 2.61%. Both these indices outperformed the Sensex. FMCG shares edged higher. Tata Global Beverages (up 2.91%), Britannia Industries (up 2.65%), Marico (up 2.09%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 2.08%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 1.94%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 1.08%), Dabur India (up 1.08%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.88%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.59%), Nestle India (up 0.49%) and Bajaj Corp (up 0.46%), edged higher. GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare was down 1.80%. Telecom stocks were in demand. Bharti Airtel (up 3.84%), MTNL (up 3.67%), Tata Teleservices (Maharashtra) (up 3.46%), Reliance Communications (up 3.31%) and Idea Cellular (up 1.87%), edged higher. Telecom tower infrastructure provider Bharti Infratel was up 3.97% to Rs 378.65. Motherson Sumi Systems jumped 6.43% after consolidated net profit rose 26.17% to Rs 479.85 crore on 14.29% growth in total income to Rs 10337.08 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 10 November 2016. Uflex jumped 5.79% after the company announced the launch of profile pouch for liquids with sonically sealed spout. The announcement was made during market hours today, 10 November 2016. Uflex recently launched profile pouch for liquids with sonically sealed spout in India and offered it to Paras Dairy for packing its ghee (clarified butter). The laminate of the pouch engineered at Uflex's packaging plant at Noida is a three ply structure comprising isotropic PET/ isotropic PET/co-ex nylon polyethylene (PE). Two transparent lsotropic polyester layers provide excellent mechanicals to the laminate that are required to withstand harsh supply chain conditions. The three ply structure has been especially engineered to optimize the OTR and WVTR for extending the shelf life of the product packed, Uflex said. Pidilite Industries was up 0.72% after consolidated net profit rose 13.1% to Rs 231 crore on 9.1% growth in gross sales to Rs 1522 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced after market hours yesterday, 9 November 2016. Bharat Puri, Managing Director, Pidilite Industries, commented that in the context of continued challenging market conditions, the company delivered steady sales volume growth. It continues to focus on growing its core categories through appropriate investment and driving operational efficiencies, Puri said. On the macro front, the figures for direct tax collections up to October 2016 show that net collections are at Rs 3.77 lakh crore which is 10.6% more than the net collections for the corresponding period last year. Till October 2016, 44.5% of the Budget estimates of direct taxes for financial year 2016-17 has been achieved. The figures for indirect tax collections (Central Excise, Service Tax and Customs) up to October 2016 show that net revenue collections are at Rs 4.85 lakh crore which is 26.7% more than the net collections for the corresponding period last year. Till October 2016, 62.4% of the Budget estimates of indirect taxes for financial year 2016-17 has been achieved. In overseas stock markets, Asian stocks edged higher to join a global rebound on speculation Donald Trump will pursue business-friendly policies. Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 6.72%. US stocks rallied Wednesday, 9 November 2016, led by a surge in financial, health-care and industrial stocks, as investors bet on the infrastructure spending policy promised by President-elect Donald Trump. Trump was declared as the 45th President of the United States yesterday, 9 November 2016. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Fan werden Mobil DAX: 10.735 +0,4% ESt50: 3.050 +0,3% TDax: 1.699 +0,6% Dow: 18.923 +0,3% Nas: 5.276 +1,1% Nikkei: 17.860 +1,1% Euro: 1,0726 -0,2% Öl: 46,46 +4,0% Gold: 1.228 -0,1% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Favoriten Depot eröffnen Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten Home Aktien Commerzbank: DAX, EUR/USD & Co. – Sieg von Donald Trump und jetzt? 10.11.2016 09:33 Bewerten  (0) Kommentare Commerzbank: DAX, EUR/USD & Co.  Sieg von Donald Trump und jetzt? FACEBOOKEMAILDRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Top Themen Heute Updates zu Syngenta, Bayer, RTL und AllianzTesla - ein Übernahmekandidat? Diese Unternehmen könnten Interesse habenAnleger aufgepasst! Was Fonds-Anteilen nach Silvester droht Der überraschende Sieg von Donald Trump bei der Wahl zum US-Präsidenten hatte zur Wochenmitte wie zu vermuten zunächst zu einer extremen “Risk-off”-Bewegung an den globalen Finanzmärkten geführt. Doch stellte sich die anfängliche Panikreaktion als erstaunlich kurzlebig heraus. Der deutsche Aktienmarkt konnte sich nach einer deutlichen Abwärtslücke zur Eröffnung dynamisch erholen und beendete den Handelstag dann sogar mit deutlichen Zugewinnen. Der DAX schloss 1,56 Prozent höher bei 10.646 Punkten. Das Tief hatte der Leitindex bei 10.175 Punkten markiert. MDAX und TecDAX verbesserten sich um 0,23 beziehungsweise 1,18 Prozent. Unter den 110 größten Aktien gab es 75 Gewinner und 35 Verlierer. Das Aufwärtsvolumen lag bei 67 Prozent. Das Gesamtvolumen war extrem hoch. Im DAX wurden 173,8 Millionen Aktien im Wert von 6,47 Milliarden EUR (5-Tages-Durchschnitt: 2,92) umgesetzt. Am deutlichsten stiegen die Aktien aus den Bereichen Pharma + Healthcare sowie Bauwerte. Versorger und Immobilienwerte wurden hingegen gemieden. Als stärkster DAX-Wert haussierte Fresenius SE um 7,10 Prozent. Bayer verteuerte sich um 5,16 Prozent. Merck schloss 4,86 Prozent fester. Volkswagen büßte am Indexende 2,06 Prozent ein. Beiersdorf und Vonovia verloren 1,36 beziehungsweise 1,30 Prozent. An der Wall Street legte der Dow Jones Industrial um 1,40 Prozent auf 18.590 Punkte zu. Der von Technologiewerten geprägte Nasdaq 100 verbesserte sich um 0,42 Prozent auf 4.825 Punkte. 54 Prozent der Werte an der NYSE verzeichneten Zugewinne. 202 neue 52-Wochen-Hochs standen 119 neuen Tiefs gegenüber. Mit Blick auf die Sektorenperformance lagen Finanzwerte und Werte aus dem Gesundheitsbereich ganz vorne. Die größten Verlierer waren Versorger und Immobilienwerte. Um 7,69 Prozent sprang die Aktie von Caterpillar und setzte sich damit die Dow-Spitze. Dahinter folgten Pfizer (+7,06%) und Merck (+6,06%). Am anderen Indexende verloren die multinational agierenden Konzerne Procter & Gamble und Coca-Cola 1,74 respektive 1,42 Prozent. Auch am Währungsmarkt folgte einer anfänglichen Flucht in die sicheren Häfen eine beeindruckende Umkehrbewegung hin zu mehr Risikofreude. Der Dollar-Index notierte gegen Ende des New Yorker Handels mit 0,53 Prozent im Plus bei 98,48 Punkten. Im asiatischen Handel war er auf ein 5-Wochen-Tief bei 95,88 Punkten eingebrochen. Der Euro wertete gegenüber allen anderen Hauptwährungen mit Ausnahme des Austral-Dollars ab. EUR/USD fiel um 0,77 Prozent auf ein 2-Wochen-Tief bei 1,0941 USD. In der Spitze hatte das Währungspaar ein 2-Monats-Hoch bei 1,1300 USD markiert. Mit Blick auf die anderen Majors fielen das Pfund Sterling mit Stärke und der Austral-Dollar mit Schwäche auf. Trotz des am Ende des Tages festeren US-Dollars verteuerten sich die meisten Rohstoffe. Der S&P GSCI für 24 Spotpreise schloss 0,55 Prozent höher bei 356,58 Punkten. Ein etwas stärker als erwarteter Aufbau der Rohöllagerbestände in den USA belastete am Nachmittag nur kurzzeitig. Brent-Öl notierte gegen Ende des New Yorker Handels 0,93 Prozent höher bei 46,47 USD. Die US-Sorte WTI stieg um 0,67 Prozent auf 45,28 USD. Beide Sorten hatten am Morgen mit der allgemeinen “Risk-off”-Bewegung an den Märkten noch deutliche Abschläge gezeigt und neue Korrektur-Tiefs markiert. Der Preis für US-Erdgas stieg um 2,92 Prozent auf 2,71 USD. Kupfer haussierte an der Comex um 3,53 Prozent auf ein 14-Monats-Hoch bei 2,46 USD und bestätigte damit das Ausbruchssignal des Vortages. Gold war am Morgen als sicherer Hafen noch um rund 5 Prozent über 1.330 USD nach oben gesprungen, notierte jedoch am Abend knapp im Minus bei 1.273 USD (1.171 EUR). Platin verlor 0,75 Prozent. Silber und Palladium konnten um 0,10 beziehungsweise 1,98 Prozent zulegen. Auch am Rentenmarkt kam es zu extremen Kursausschlägen in beide Richtungen. Die Umlaufrendite stieg um zwei Basispunkte auf 0,00 Prozent. Die Rendite zehnjähriger Bundesanleihen war am Morgen auf ein Tief bei 0,09 Prozent gefallen. Die anschließende Rückkehr der Risikofreude beförderte sie am Ende um zwei Basispunkte nach oben auf 0,21 Prozent. Dies war der höchste Tagesschluss in 6 Monaten. Der Euro-Bund-Future schloss 0,53 Prozent niedriger bei 160,94 Punkten, einem neuen Kontrakt-Tief. Am Morgen war er noch mit der Flucht in die sicheren Häfen auf ein 2-Wochen-Hoch bei 163,19 Punkten geklettert. Die Rendite zehnjähriger US-Treasury Notes stieg um 19 Basispunkte beziehungsweise 10 Prozent auf ein 10-Monats-Hoch bei 2,07 Prozent. Die asiatischen Aktienmärkte tendierten heute früh auf breiter Front kräftig nordwärts. Der MSCI Asia Pacific Index sprang um 3,17 Prozent auf 137,67 Punkte. Für den Nikkei 225 ging es als regionalen Spitzenreiter um rund 6,6 Prozent nach oben. Schwache japanische Core-Machinery-Orders im September (-3,3%) wirkten sich nicht auf das Kursgeschehen aus. Heute richtet sich der Blick auf eine Flut an Quartalszahlen. Es berichten unter anderem Deutsche Telekom, Siemens, Continental, Unicredit, Enel, Engie, Astrazeneca, Generali, K+S, TAG Immobilien, Aareal Bank, Lanxess, Hannover Rück, Bilfinger, Evotec, SMA Solar, Stada, Salzgitter, Nordex, Puma, Zalando, Hamborner Reit, Ströer, GFT Technologies, Jenoptik, RTL Group, Cancom, Dürr, SGL Carbon, Hamburger Hafen und Logistik, SLM Solutions Group, Wacker Neuson, König & Bauer und Ferratum Oyi. Nach US-Börsenschluss veröffentlicht Walt Disney sein Zahlenwerk. Produktideen: BEST Turbo-Zertifikate WKN Typ Basiswert Merkmale CD0SJJ Bull Euro Bund Future Dec 16 Hebel 20,4 CD7CWA Bear Euro Bund Future Dec 16 Hebel 20,8 Regelmäßig auf dem laufenden Bleiben? Kein Problem mit OnStage  Dem ETF-Magazin von ComStage! Jetzt kostenlos anmelden und keine Trends mehr verpassen! Rechtliche Hinweise: Bitte beachten Sie die rechtlichen Hinweise. FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Newssuche GO Über den Autor Zum Profil Zu den Produkte Alle Artikel Newsletter abonnieren Inside Anzeige BNP Paribas: Euer Egmond | BNP Paribas: Heute Abend um 18:00 Uhr Chart Flash zum DAX vom 15.11.2016 UBS: BMW: Mit Elektroautos in die Zukunft DZ BANK: Henkel: Nummer 2 auf nordamerikanischem Waschmittelmarkt Vontobel: OPEC sieht Ölmarkt weiterhin überreichlich versorgt, Trump-Sieg schürt Zinsfantasie DekaBank: Sieben neue Aktienanleihen Plus auf europäische Standardtitel und den EURO STOXX 50® Commerzbank: DAX unter Beobachtung  Seitwärtsmarkt erwartet! HSBC: DAX® (Daily) - Schlüsselgröße: 10.800 Punkte - zum Zweiten! Anzeige Zalando - Wie der Online-Händler seine Gewinn­margen kräftig steigern will!Der Einkauf von Waren im Internet gehört zu den Megatrends des 21. Jahrhunderts. Laut einer Erhebung des Digitalverbands Bitkom shoppen 98% aller Internet-Nutzer inzwischen online, wobei mehr als drei Viertel mehrmals im Monat Produkte über das Internet ordern. Lesen Sie in der aktuellen Ausgabe des Anlegermagazins, warum Zalando zu den Profiteuren dieses Megatrends gehört und wie es seine Gewinnmargen weiter steigern will. Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten News von Regierung erklärt 10.000 türkische Pässe für ungültig China zahlt Traumpreise für deutsches Hightech Umstrittener Gigaliner überrascht im Praxistest Stuttgart ist Deutschlands Kulturhauptstadt News von Daimler-Aktie, Roche und Co.: Fünf dividendenstarke Basis-Investments fürs Depot Kaufsignal voraus: Acht Aktien, die fundamental und charttechnisch überzeugen Unterbewertet: Deutschlands günstigste Aktien - Welche Sie jetzt kaufen sollten Dax: Nicht voreilig kaufen Commerzbank im Rallye-Modus: Wie weit die Aktie noch laufen kann News von Warum eigentlich ein Apfel? Dies ist die Geschichte und die Idee hinter dem Apple Logo Mit dieser Frage prüfen Personaler ob sich Bewerber selbst motivieren können Das sollte man mit 25 tun, um möglichst schnell finanzielle Unabhängigkeit zu erreichen Facebook blamiert schon wieder die 41 Milliarden Dollar teure Computer-Netzwerk-Branche Der Finanzplan eines 26-Jährigen, der besser mit Geld umgehen kann als die meisten 50-Jährigen HSBC Video Deutsche Bank: US-Wahl als Trendwende Trading-Software Zum Trading-Desk Damit wird Chartanalyse so einfach wie nie zuvor. Heute im Fokus DAX schließt im Plus -- Dow etwas fester -- Tesla: Möglicher Übernahmekandidat? -- United Internet senkt Prognosen leicht -- Deutsche Wirtschaft verliert an Schwung -- Nokia, trivago-IPO im Fokus Bayer begibt Pflichtwandelanleihe über 4 Milliarden Euro. Generika-Hersteller Teva kappt Prognose. Alte US-Industrie & Co.: Das sind die Profiteure des neuen US-Präsidenten Trump. Lufthansa-Vorstand Garnadt tritt ab. Milliardenschulden bei der Deutschen Bank - Wie unabhängig ist Donald Trump? NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 01:20 Uhr United Company RUSAL Plc: Continuing Connected Transactions Purchase of Raw Materials for Production 01:10 Uhr United Company RUSAL Plc: Continuing Connected Transactions Sale of Raw Materials 00:52 Uhr Cinkciarz revolutioniert die Online-Devisen- und Zahlungsmärkte mit der Leistung des AI Supercomputers von NVIDIA DGX-1 00:37 Uhr Badische Zeitung: Razzia gegen Islamistennetzwerk / Ein starkes Signal Kommentar von Frauke Wolter 00:35 Uhr MÄRKTE USA/Dow-Jones-Index schließt erneut auf Rekordniveau 00:15 Uhr Royal Gold Increases Common Stock Dividend 4.4% to $0.96 per Share 00:12 Uhr BERLINER MORGENPOST: Es trifft die Richtigen / Kommentar von Andreas Abel zum Verbot von &quot;Die wahre Religion&quot; 00:05 Uhr GlobeNewswire/MorphoSys erlöst 115 Millionen Euro -2- TOP-RANKINGS KW 45: Analysten-Flops der WocheDiese Aktien stehen auf den Verkauflisten der ExpertenJetzt durchklicken Die 12 toten Topverdiener 2015 Diese Legenden sind die bestbezahlten Toten der WeltJetzt durchklicken KW 45: Analysten-Tops der WocheDiese Aktien stehen auf den Kauflisten der ExpertenJetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Negativ-Ranking für AutobauerDie Eigenzulassungen 2015Jetzt durchklicken Die innovativsten Unternehmen 2015Diese Firmen sind innovativJetzt durchklicken Die Städte mit den längsten Staus 2015In diesen Städten stehen Sie am längsten im StauJetzt durchklicken Die besten Universitäten der Welt Das sind die besten UniversitätenJetzt durchklicken Brand Finance Global 2016Die wertvollsten Marken 2016Jetzt durchklickenmehr Top Rankings Umfrage Nach der SPD hat sich auch die CDU hinter Frank-Walter Steinmeier als neuen Bundespräsidenten gestellt. Was halten Sie von unserem Bundesaußenminister? Steinmeier wäre sicher ein guter Bundespräsident. Ich halte ihn für ungeeignet. Keine Meinung. AbstimmenDirekt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net!Jetzt informieren Kontakt Impressum Werben Presse Sitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.net Datenschutz Disclaimer Nutzungsbedingungen Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Aktien Prime Standard:0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2016 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance Australian share market opens higher Australian dollar is steady against greenback Finance news you need to know today These shoes have a massive problem Scorecard we should be ashamed of Stefanovic’s family home already sold Drug thief turned successful entrepreneur Aldi takes Aussie producers to China business retail Inside the world’s biggest shopping event November 11, 20163:17pm Jack Ma, the man behind Alibaba, is also behind the biggest shopping event of the year. Picture: AFP Photo / Jewel Samad Dana McCauleynews.com.au@Dana_Adele Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend IT’S bigger than Black Friday and Cyber Monday combined. Welcome to Alibaba’s 11.11 Global Shopping Festival, the world’s biggest online sale, set to tally up to $US21 billion worth of sales by 40,000 merchants in just 24 hours. Kicking off at midnight on Thursday 10th November on Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group’s online platforms, this year’s Singles Day sale is expected to be the biggest yet. In Australia, we’ll have to wait until 7pm AEDST on Friday 11th November to be able to shop the sales on Aliexpress. With basketball star Kobe Bryant headlining a star-studded, televised four-hour countdown gala orchestrated by Hollywood producer David Hill — known for his work on the Oscars, NFL Super Bowls and American Idol — the event aims to capture global attention and demonstrate Alibaba’s vision for the future of retail. The countdown begins on Thursday night at 8pm local time in China at the Shenzhen Universiade Sports Center, a huge stadium that seats more than 60,000 people. When the clock strikes midnight, the retail frenzy will begin as millions of online purchases take place, with sales figures projected on a giant screen at the venue. Katy Perry cancelled her performance due to a family emergency. Picture: Kevin Tachman / WireimageSource:Supplied ‘A WORLD FIRST’ Alibaba Group Chief Marketing Officer Chris Tung called the gala “a global carnival, a world-class performance that involves the audience throughout the event with many touch points and is like nothing else you have experienced.” In the three weeks leading up to the event, Alibaba has been rolling out hi-tech innovations that bring virtual reality and gaming into the customer experience. The company kicked off its Singles Day promotions last month with a live streamed, eight-hour fashion show that attracted more than six million viewers. Shoppers were able to order in real time after spotting creations from brands including Burberry, GAP, Levi’s, La Perla, Paul Smith, New Balance and Under Armour on the catwalk. At tonight’s gala, audience members will be invited to shake their phones to win prizes and even vote on how segments of the event are played out with an interactive, choose-your-own-adventure style app. Outside the venue, shoppers using a Pokemon Go-style game will be invited to chase Tmall’s cat mascot around to win prizes from merchants including Shanghai Disneyland and Starbucks, driving foot traffic to Tmall vendors’ shops in the real world as part of a drive to integrate the online and offline shopping experience. And the world’s first end-to-end virtual reality shopping experience this year allows 11.11 shoppers to browse, order and pay for goods through a VR headset at Macy’s, Target, Costco, P & G, Chemist Warehouse, Freedom foods, Tokyo Otaku Mode, Matsumoto Kiyoshi. BUY+ The First Complete #VR Shopping Experience. Watch how everything, from perusal to purchase, takes place inside a VR environment. pic.twitter.com/JvYfOYokqF— Alibaba Group (@AlibabaGroup) October 20, 2016 BIRTH OF A FESTIVAL Alibaba founder Jack Ma started using Singles Day, an unofficial Chinese holiday celebrating single people, to promote sales on its local B2C platform Tmall in 2009. Locally known as the “bare sticks holiday” because of how it looks numerically, Singles Day began as an antidote to Valentine’s Day in the 1990s by students at Nanjing University, who bought presents for each other to celebrate their bachelordom. Now it is the world’s biggest online shopping festival, with last year’s event selling $14.3 billion worth of goods in 24 hours — up 55 per cent on the 2014 results. This year, an estimated 1.7 million couriers and postal workers are on standby to deliver about 760 million packages from 5000 warehouses to hundreds of millions of Chinese and international shoppers — including Australians, who can shop on Aliexpress, an English language eBay rival that sells everything from fast fashion to smartphone accessories, kids’ toys and camping gear. AUSTRALIA REPRESENTS Hundreds of Australian businesses are set to profit from the Double 11 festivities, with access China’s 600 million online shoppers through their stores on Tmall Global. More than 1,300 local brands already sell through the platform, including a2 milk, Devondale, and Blackmores, making Australia the fifth biggest seller country in the world. Jessica Rudd has a popular Tmall store called Jessica’s Closet, which sells women’s and baby products, while a range of Australian brands sell on Tmall through a partnership with Australia Post, such as beauty subscription service Bellabox. Chemist’s Warehouse was the star performer last year, while sales of Bellamy’s Organic baby formula were so strong on Singles Day that the shopping festival was blamed for a shortage that cleared the shelves of Australian supermarkets. An employee at an Alibaba Tmall logistic centre getting ready for the event in 2015. Picture: ReutersSource:Reuters A GLOBAL VISION While Alibaba’s Singles Day sales are still largely dominated by Chinese buyers, Mr Ma’s vision is for the event — and the Alibaba Group itself — to become truly global. The Alibaba Group, which comprises e-commerce, cloud computing, payments, marketing, media and entertainment companies worth a collective $257 billion, this year overtook Walmart as the world’s largest retailer. Through its new Melbourne office, the company is ramping up its Australian presence and reaching out to local vendors and customers. During the G20 meeting in Hangzhou in September, Mr Ma signed a deal with Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to make it easier for Australian small businesses to sell into China, including B2B sales on 1688.com and an annual Australian fresh food week sales promotion on its food platform, Tmall Fresh. “Our vision is in 10 years, we will help two billion consumers in the world shop online,” Mr Ma announced last year. “Our globalisation will still be focusing on helping small businesses and helping them do business in the most efficient way.” Dana McCauley is in China as a guest of Alibaba dana.mccauley@news.com.au Alibaba Targets India in Bid to Boost Growth1:55 Following its expansion into Southeast Asia, Alibaba is targeting India in an effort to increase revenue as the Chinese e-commerce giant faces tough competition at home. Photo: AP August 12th 2016 3 months ago /video/video.news.com.au/News/ Jump back to top Right now in finance 795Readers New Balance battles white supremacist support after Trump co... 607Readers Gender pay gap: Australian women paid 23.1 per cent less tha... 149Readers Shadi Kazeme: Drug thief now runs successful iv.me Hydration... 145Readers Masters closing down sale: Retailer announces even bigger di... 99Readers What Amazon’s Australian supermarkets could look like finance breaking news 11:18Domino's hails 'world's first' drone pizza 11:00Reynolds rejects BAT's offer: source 11:01Good results for CSL's heart attack drug 10:20Macdonald quits as CEO of Woolies' Big W 10:00Trump a daunting new challenge for Merkel Market Charts at 11:31AM AUS/ASIA USA EUROPEAN AUD/USD OIL Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Hang Seng 22323.91 +101.69 +0.46 ASX200 5333.1 +6.9 +0.13 All Ords 5405.2 +5.4 +0.1 Nikkei 17823.24 +155.09 +0.88 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent DJIA 0.0 0.0 � S&P 500 2180.39 +16.19 +0.75 S&P 100 575.64 -10.07 -1.72 NASDAQ 5275.62 +57.23 +1.1 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent CAC 40 4536.53 +27.98 +0.62 DAX 30 10735.14 +41.45 +0.39 FTSE 6792.74 +39.56 +0.59 Euro Top100 2642.69 +5.58 +0.21 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent AUD/USD 0.932 +0.0 +0.2 Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Oil 45.81 +2.49 +5.75 More Markets Stock Quotes A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2016. All times AEDT (GMT +11).
The Times Of India We have noticed that you have an ad blocker enabled which restricts ads served on the site. Please disable it to further read on The Times of India. STEPS FOR DISABLING AD BLOCKER Watch latest videos from THE TIMES of INDIA Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Imphal Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Bangalore Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Bangalore News » Consultancy, FMCG firms take the cake at IIMB Consultancy, FMCG firms take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements Over 30% of postgraduate students of the 2016-18 batch of Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIMB), received offers in the management consulting sector during the summer placement drive.TNN | Updated: Nov 12, 2016, 05.55 AM IST (Representative image) BENGALURU: Over 30% of postgraduate students of the 2016-18 batch of Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore (IIMB), received offers in the management consulting sector during the summer placement drive. The three-day recruitment process, which came to a close on Thursday, saw 402 students hired for summer stints in multiple roles like management consulting, investment banking, corporate banking, sales and marketing, operations and general management, among others. In the management consulting space, Accenture Strategy was the largest recruiter with 20 offers. The Boston Consulting Group with 15 offers, AT Kearney with 13, McKinsey & Co. (10), Bain & Company (8) and Strategy& with 7 offers were the other major recruiters this year. Other reputed names in the space were Deloitte, PwC Diamond Consulting, GEP, Synergy Consulting and Feedback Infra Consulting. Among the 150-odd companies that recruited students from the campus were big international banks like Barclays, CitiBank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC and JP Morgan. A host of Indian banks and financial institutions such as Avendus Capital, Axis Bank, ICICI Bank and AVIVA too made offers. Private equity/venture capital roles were offered to students by Blackstone, Temasek Holdings, IDG Ventures and Brand Capital. BNY Mellon and Arpwood Capital were among the first-time recruiters in this domain. Over 30 firms visited IIMB for the first time. Among them were Auctus Advisors, Gates Foundation, United Breweries, Hindustan Coca Cola Beverages, MasterCard Advisors, Visa, Biocon, Next Education, Medtronics, Wadi.com, Treebo Hotels, PharmEasy, CATKing, Rakshak Foundation and Zimmer. Sales and marketing functions were also in demand and students were given offers by top consumer goods and services firms (FMCGs). Major recruiters in this category were Procter & Gamble with 11 offers, Hindustan Unilever Limited (7), Johnson & Johnson (7), Asian Paints (5). The other recruiters included Phillips, Coca Cola, ITC, Times Group and Wipro Consumer Care. Telecom majors Bharti Airtel made 11 offers and Vodafone made 3. M.H. Alshaya Co, a major retail firm from West Asia, also recruited this year. Conglomerates such as Aditya Birla Group, Tata Administrative Services (TAS), CK Birla, Mahindra & Mahindra, Wipro Global, Reliance Industries Limited, General Electric recruited significant number of students for leadership and general management roles. Aditya Birla Group with 9 offers was the highest recruiter in this space. With seven offers, Microsoft led in the technology space. Others included Microland, Sutherland Global, Infoedge, Zynga, Visa, Play Games and Directi. In the IT consulting domain, prominent recruiters like Cognizant Business Consulting, IBM and Capgemini visited the campus. In the e-commerce space, Amazon made 20 offers, Cloudtail two and and Shopclues one. Commenting on the trends this year, Prof. Ganesh Prabhu, chairperson, Career Development Services, IIMB said: "Because of renewed interest from FMCG companies, the absence of major e-commerce recruiters didn't have an impact on the summer placement process." Krishna M, placement representative, said, "IIMB has continued to be the preferred campus for management consulting firms, with most of them making unprecedented number of offers. Recruitment by PE/VC and social sector firms added to the quality and variety of offers rolled out this year." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia US ElectionsUS Election Live UpdatesUS Election NewsUS Election Results Buy From Gadgets Now Most Popular Demonetisation: How people are using ingenious ways to hide their undeclared wealth I-T raids on jewellers, hawala ops accepting banned notes at discount Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Pakistan, say think tanks, IMF Two international think tanks have warned that Chinese investments in Pakistan will not boost the domestic economy. Instead, it will push Islamabad towards a major debt problem. Crackdown on black money: Over 300 jewellers under scanner; govt seeks details A day after the Income Tax officials began conducting surveys on jewellers across the country, unaccounted gold stocks worth more than Rs 42 crore have been detected and brought to tax assessment. Don't panic, there is no shortage of salt in country, says Centre The government said there is no shortage of salt in the country and has advised people not to indulge in panic buying. From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreReliance Industriesphillips coca cola itc times groupIIMB’s summer placementsbarclays citibank goldman sachs hsbcAditya Birla Group Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Bengaluru Bangalore Travel Guide How to reach Bangalore Hotels in Bangalore Restaurants in Bangalore Shopping in Bangalore Places to visit in Bangalore Things to do in Bangalore Nightlife in Bangalore Weekend getaways from Bangalore Itineraries Bangalore Map Bangalore Photos Haunted Places in Bangalore Download Bangalore Travel Guide Bangalore To Mumbai Flights Bangalore To Goa Flights Bangalore To Pune Flights From our Global Partners Metro link to ORR: BMRC unveils DPR, invites suggestions Aadhar numbers compulsory for RTE admissions next year: Education dept Shut ATMs, chaos at banks add to Bengaluru’s pain Consultancy firms, FMCGs take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements Karnataka HC orders notice to BBMP, traffic police over encroachment Brain dead mans's organs harvested at Kasturba Hospital Bengaluru student claims her Aadhaar misused to avail exchange facility School van driver suffers heart attack at the wheel, cop comes to his rescue Experts talk about challenges for caregivers of senior citizens 1Consultancy, FMCG firms take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements 2Metro link to ORR: BMRC unveils DPR, invites suggestions 3Aadhar numbers compulsory for RTE admissions next year: Education dept 4Shut ATMs, chaos at banks add to Bengaluru’s pain 5Consultancy firms, FMCGs take the cake at IIMB’s summer placements 6Karnataka HC orders notice to BBMP, traffic police over encroachment 7Brain dead mans's organs harvested at Kasturba Hospital 8Bengaluru student claims her Aadhaar misused to avail exchange facility 9School van driver suffers heart attack at the wheel, cop comes to his rescue 10Experts talk about challenges for caregivers of senior citizens About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 India v England 1st Test Match 500 1000 notes banned Cyrus Mistry Ishaat Hussain Google Pixel XL Rock On 2 Movie Review Smog in Delhi Narendra Modi's Japan visit  Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
null
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Jobs ET Portfolio ET Speed Markets News Industry Small Biz Politics Wealth MF Tech TECHHardwareSoftwareInternetITeSDo Big Stories FOLLOW TECH Protectionist rhetoric in the West is a worry: Sikka He, however, argued that Infosys has the capability to surmount hurdles in the w...Cash starved LeEco secures $600 mn new funding, appoints new APAC presidentLeEco secures $600 mn funding; appoints new APAC PresidentVivo to double India manufacturing capacity by next year Jobs Opinion NRI Slideshows Magazines PanacheET MagazineWealthBrand EquityFinancial TimesTravel FOLLOW PANACHE FOLLOW WEALTH More NewslettersAlertsE-PaperE-LearningET intelligenceMobileET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth for iPadET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App Brand Solutions Change the Air Join us in the fight against air pollution Tata Docomo Business Services Do Big Stories: Powering Innovations Mutual Fund PULSE Get ready to become a champion investor GE EnergyWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating energy. TomorrowMakers Everything you must know about insurance. For The Next India Committed to the Future, Committed to India ET HealthWorld A one stop platform that caters to the pulse of the pulsating healthcare... Tools Online financial calculators and more. ET NOW You are here: ET Home›Jobs 04:05 PM | 15 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,305-514.19 NIFTY 50 8,108-187.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,317-290.00 USD/INR 67.750.50 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Consulting, FMCG firms dominate Indian Institute of Management Bangalore's summer placements ET Bureau| Updated: Nov 11, 2016, 06.31 PM IST BENGALURU: The Indian Institute of Management Bangalore concluded summer placements for its flagship Post Graduate Programme 2016-18 batch with management consulting and FMCG firms hiring the most. There were 402 eligible students who participated in the process, with over 150 companies visiting the business school’s campus. In the management consulting space, Accenture Strategy was the largest recruiter with 20 offers. The Boston Consulting Group made 15 offers, AT Kearney had 13 offers, McKinsey & Co with 10 offers, Bain & Company 8 offers and Strategy& with 7 offers were the other major recruiters this year. More than 30 per cent of the entire batch received offers in the management consulting sector, which included reputed names like Deloitte, Roland Berger, Alvarez & Marsal, PWC Diamond Consulting, GEP, Hay Group, Synergy Consulting and Feedback Infra Consulting. Many students also chose sales and marketing functions, and were extended offers by major consumer goods and services firms such as Procter and Gamble that made 11 offers, Hindustan Unilever Limited (7), Johnson & Johnson (7), Mondelez (6) and Asian Paints (5). Telecom majors Bharti Airtel made 11 offers and Vodafone made 3 offers. Middle East-based retail firm MH Alshaya also recruited this year. Conglomerates such as Aditya Birla Group, Tata Administrative Services (TAS), C K Birla, Mahindra & Mahindra, Wipro Global, Reliance Industries Limited and General Electric recruited in significant numbers for leadership and general management roles. Aditya Birla Group with 9 offers was the highest recruiter in this space. IIMB played host to most big international banks such as Barclays, Citibank, Goldman Sachs, HSBC, JP Morgan, Deutsche Bank, Development Bank of Singapore and Standard Chartered on the first day of the Summers Placements. Only a few e-commerce firms took part in the summer placement process, with Amazon making 20 offers among others such as Cloudtail and Shopclues. "The absence of major e-commerce recruiters did not have an impact on the Summer Placement Process due to the renewed interest from FMCG companies," IIMB career development services chairperson Ganesh Prabhu said in a release. READ MORE :summer placement | IIMB | Amazon Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY More From Jobs Consulting, FMCG firms dominate Indian Institute of Management Bangalore's summer placements IIT Kharagpur blacklists 8 startups for campus placements SAP India unveils programme to bring women back to workforce 88% employees willing to stay longer if appreciated at work: Survey Take a look at sectors giving highest pay hike in 2017 India's job growth slows in September Govt launches model career centre in Mumbai B2B hiring grows 32%, B2C faces restructuring woes IIM Kozhikode completes summer placements with top stipend of Rs 2.5 lakh 5 ways to manage when facing personal crisis Rise in demand for expat chefs as standalone restaurants look to raise the bar Essar's Aegis to hire 5,000 hands India Five ways to deal with an employee who isn't a team player Ecommerce companies like Flipkart, Snapdeal and others shopping big time for temporary staff Online job market to double by 2020: Survey Talent shortage a concern for 34 pct employers in India Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Missouri Ag News Headlines International Animal Genetics Leader Among Mizzou Honorees Missouri Ag Connection - 11/11/2016 The Mizzou Alumni Association (MAA) will honor broadcasting legend Jann Carl, internationally recognized geneticist Jerry Taylor, and 13 other outstanding faculty and alumni at its 49th annual Faculty-Alumni Awards Ceremony on Nov. 11 in the Reynolds Alumni Center. The Distinguished Service Award, Distinguished Faculty Award and Faculty-Alumni Awards will be presented to outstanding MU faculty and alumni. Jann Carl, who earned a bachelor's degree from the MU School of Journalism in 1982, will receive the 61st annual Distinguished Service Award, the highest honor presented to alumni by the MAA. Established in 1956, the award recognizes outstanding service by an individual whose efforts have added to MU's excellence. A champion of the Muscular Dystrophy Association (MDA) for 28 years, Carl has served as the national vice president and on MDA's board of directors. Carl has been supportive of Mizzou since her undergraduate days when she performed as the tiger mascot and served as Mizzou Homecoming Grand Marshal. Carl also served as master of ceremonies for the "Model Citizen" fashion shows benefiting the MU Thompson Center for Autism and Neurodevelopmental Disorders and sat on the national steering committee for the For All We Call Mizzou capital campaign. In her broadcasting career, including 14 years as an anchor and senior correspondent on Entertainment Tonight (ET), Carl has covered earthquakes, oil spills, the Emmys and the Oscars. At ET, she was nationally respected for her interviewing skills. The major stars and influential newsmakers she has interviewed include: Barack and Michelle Obama, Tom Cruise, Jimmy Carter, Oprah Winfrey, Johnny Depp, Robert Redford, Brad Pitt, George Clooney, Steven Spielberg, and Meryl Streep. Carl also co-hosted ABC's Oscar Countdown Academy Awards pre-show and the Tournament of Roses parade coverage on CBS and HGTV. Carl worked as a reporter for WLS in Chicago and KABC in Los Angeles. Currently she is the co-owner and co-host of Small Town Big Deal, a nationally syndicated family-friendly show that highlights positive story-telling and uplifting content about the hard-working people of America. Jeremy F. "Jerry" Taylor, Curators Distinguished Professor of Genetics and Wurdack Endowed Chair in Animal Genomics, will be honored with the 57th annual Distinguished Faculty Award, the highest honor presented to a faculty member by the MAA. Established in 1960, the award recognizes a faculty member whose sustained efforts in teaching, research and service have added to MU's excellence. The award places special emphasis on the recipient's relationships with students. An international leader in genomics, Taylor is a key player in the translation of next-generation genetic sequencing technologies, making DNA testing a reality for preventative medicine, which could lead to treatments for diseases in humans and animals. Taylor and his research team helped design the Illumina GeneChip, which has revolutionized how genetic testing for animals is performed, making it faster, easier and cheaper than ever before. The first chip his team developed is on display at the Smithsonian Institute in Washington D.C. Taylor's ground-breaking work on cattle genomics has led to more efficient livestock breeding operations, which has helped improve agricultural economies around the world, creating more food for hungry populations. His work in cattle has been copied and applied to pigs, sheep, horses and chickens--and has not stopped with livestock species. Farmers now use Taylor's DNA-based genomic improvement to improve plant crops as well. Over the course of his career, Taylor has given more than 450 national and international invited presentations and has received more than $43 million in research funding. He joined the University of Missouri faculty in 2002. MAA Faculty-Alumni Awards recognize the achievements of faculty and alumni. Assistant, associate and full professors are considered for their work as teachers and researchers and their relationships with students. Alumni are considered for their professional accomplishments and service to their communities and alma mater. This year, 13 awards will be presented: - Karen Ann Ehlmann, retired senior manager for The Boeing Company (alumna). - Margaret Engel, executive director of the Alicia Patterson Foundation (alumna). - Theodore W. Hellman, retired executive of Procter & Gamble (alumnus). - John S. Howe, Missouri Bankers Chair and professor in the department of finance (faculty member). - William G. Little, president of Quam-Nichols Company, Inc. (alumnus). - Nicole M. Monnier, teaching professor of Russian (faculty member). - James S. Noble, professor of industrial and manufacturing systems engineering (faculty member). - Earnest L. Perry, associate professor of journalism and associate dean for graduate studies (faculty member and alumnus). - Jennifer Lynn Rowe, associate professor of journalism (faculty member and alumna). - David R. Russell, commissioner emeritus, Missouri Department of Higher Education (alumnus). - Leo Contreras Saguiguit, associate professor of music (faculty member). - Vicki Riback Wilson, retired coordinator of MU service-learning and fellowships (alumna). - Marvin E. "Bunky" Wright, retired UM System general counsel (alumnus). The Mizzou Alumni Association (MAA) strengthens MU by supporting the best interests and traditions of Missouri's flagship university. MU is the state's largest and oldest university and the state's major public, land-grant research institution. The MAA, the voice for nearly 305,000 MU alumni worldwide, keeps alumni connected to each other and their alma mater. Since 1853, the MAA has influenced generations of students and alumni by preserving their traditions. The MAA Faculty-Alumni Awards celebrate outstanding faculty and alumni who work to advance the arts, sciences and humanities. At Mizzou, scholarship and teaching are driven by a responsibility to public service--the obligation to produce and disseminate knowledge that will improve the quality of life in the state, the nation and the world. The MAA Faculty-Alumni Awards celebrate outstanding faculty and alumni who work to advance the arts, sciences and humanities. At Mizzou, scholarship and teaching are driven by a responsibility to public service--the obligation to produce and disseminate knowledge that will improve the quality of life in the state, the nation and the world. Send this article to a friend Other Missouri Headlines Missouri Soybean, Cotton, Sorghum Harvests Nearly Done Green Stem Syndrome Showing Up in Mature Soybeans Gevo's Fuel Powers Alaska Airlines Flight from Seattle to DCA Nixon Donates Venison to Share the Harvest Growing Thanksgiving Favorites in Missouri a Challenge CWT Assists with 1.9 Million Pounds of Cheese, Butter Exports Fruit and Vegetable Seeds Market Worth $14 Billion by 2022 Copyright © 2016 - USAgNet.com. All Rights Reserved.
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos Dollar Club Hot hai boss Amazon #AdjustNoMore 11 Ways To Optimize Linkedin for Business Job Switch Post your resume here Rajesh Ghatge joins Indigo Consulting as chief executive officer By afaqs! news bureau , afaqs!, New Delhi | In Advertising | November 11, 2016 Earlier, he was chief executive officer and managing director at iCare Life. Indigo Consulting, the Leo Burnett Group's full-service digital agency, has brought on board Rajesh Ghatge as chief executive officer (CEO). In his new role, Ghatge will be based out of the agency's Mumbai office, and will report to Saurabh Varma, chief executive officer (CEO), Leo Burnett, South Asia. As part of his mandate, he will lead more than three hundred employees across Indigo Consulting and Indigo iStrat. Ghatge joins Indigo Consulting from iCare Life, a start-up where he was the chief executive officer (CEO) and managing director (MD). Welcoming Ghatge on board the Leo Burnett Group, Varma says, "Indigo is already one of the largest full service digital agencies in the business, with a reputation for using technology and intelligence to solve business problems. We wanted a leader who can create a new curve for a team of 300 plus Indigo employees; (Rajesh) Ghatge brings with him the energy, the passion and the drive to create a new destiny for Indigo Consulting. My brief to him is to make us the most respected digital agency in the country, bar none." Speaking about his new role at Indigo Consulting, Ghatge shares, "Driving effective consumer engagement on omnipresent digital touchpoints is a function of technology, content, analytics, and the ability to execute flawlessly in an 'always on' mode. Using data and platforms to create impactful and relevant experiences has been my ongoing work. Indigo Consulting, built on a deep foundation of technology has emerged as a leading digital agency. I am excited at the prospect of working with a team of passionate strategy, technology and creative champions at Indigo Consulting to grow the agency into the future and leverage digital comprehensively for brands and businesses." Ghatge brings with him 24 years of experience, 18 of which were spent in the activation and digital business, and two in the technology start-up world. During Ghatge's previous stint at iCare Life, the company created a technology platform to skill, certify and find employment for school dropouts and contract workers and transform them into professional caregivers and chauffeurs. Having begun his career in marketing and sales in the fast moving consumer goods (FMCG) and Pharma sectors, in 1997, he co-promoted Bates CHI & Sercon (erstwhile Sercon). Ghatge's knowledge and experience spans across brand activation, digital and retail marketing, web and app-enabled products and services, and the training domain. He has led award-winning campaigns for brands like P&G, Colgate, Oracle, Nokia, Dell and Castrol. Indigo Consulting is a dgital marketing agency. Established in the year 2000, Indigo Consulting became a part of Leo Burnett (Publicis Groupe) in 2012, and claims to be Leo Burnett Worldwide's largest digital agency in Asia Pacific. Indigo Consulting provides experiences in creating digital strategy and cross-platform campaigns, mobility (mobile and beyond), digital products and utilities, user experience and design, website, app builds and social media content marketing solutions. It partners clientele with marquee brands across industries such as banking and finance, telecom, hospitality, media and entertainment, consumer goods, and automotive among others. Follow afaqs! Search Tags Indigo Consulting Rajesh Ghatge Saurabh Varma Advertising Related Articles Devang Raiyani joins Indigo Consulting as national head of strategy Media Leo Burnett announces merger of Publicis iStrat and Indigo Consulting Advertising Indigo Consulting appoints Navin Kansal as NCD Advertising Saket Vaidya quits Webchutney, joins Indigo Consulting Digital OgilvyOne's Harshad Hardikar joins Indigo Consulting as COO Digital Publicis Groupe acquires digital agency Indigo Consulting Digital Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Microsoft Surface discovers the non-starry side of... Media McDonald's celebrates its 20 years in India with a... Advertising Reliance Entertainment launches 'Chillx', a multil... Digital M&C Saatchi Mobile debuts in India Digital "In the midst of all this clutter, we are trying t... Media Publishing Content, Video, Platform, Social...What defines th... Digital "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising "We've already taken the biggest risk there was": ... Media Publishing Why are Tapsee Pannu, Priya Bapat, Neeti Mohan, Su... Digital Can an overweight comedian sell a beauty cream? Advertising Sasha Versus Shah Rukh: Can Airtel outshout Jio? Advertising When Amitabh Bachchan turned 'Rapper Thakur' for T... Advertising Sulekha.com rides the rap route in its first long ... Digital The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Octob... Digital Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising What happens to brand recall when the same celebri... Advertising How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising Spykar celebrates India's first blue film festival Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Meet the New Airtel Girl: Sasha Chettri Advertising Who's Afraid Of Baba Ramdev's Patanjali? Marketing "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital Meet Team Vermillion: The agency behind Baba Ramde... Advertising 5 / 10❬❭ Current Issue Issue November 1-15 2016 Current Issue Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2016 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Toggle navigation FxPips News Bitcoin News Commodities News Company News CryptoCurrency News Economic Indicators News Forex News Litecoin News Market News Stock Market News Technology News World News Bitcoin Technical Analysis Fundamental Analysis Reports Technical Analysis Reports Education Trade Setups Forex Brokers Binary Brokers Bitcoin Bitcoin Bitcoin Charts Bitcoin eBook Bitcoin News Bitcoin News Widget Bitcoin Technical Analysis Live Charts Signals Calendar / Company News / Market News / News / Stock News / NYSE Dollar Volume Most Active Stocks NYSE Dollar Volume Most Active Stocks posted by Christian Wang on November 11, 2016 at 11:40 am NYSE Dollar Volume Most Active Stocks Bank of America Corporation last traded at $18.76 0.79, up ▲ 4.40 percent on $5,713,998,072 total share volume. Wells Fargo & Company last traded at $51.63 3.64, up ▲ 7.58 percent on $5,175,308,644 total share volume. J P Morgan Chase & Co last traded at $76.65 3.40, up ▲ 4.64 percent on $4,301,064,593 total share volume. Citigroup Inc. last traded at $53.61 2.02, up ▲ 3.92 percent on $2,771,690,020 total share volume. Alibaba Group Holding Limited last traded at $94.34 2.33, down ▼ 2.41 percent on $2,577,744,839 total share volume. General Electric Company last traded at $30.40 0.77, up ▲ 2.60 percent on $2,331,870,821 total share volume. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) last traded at $200.87 8.24, up ▲ 4.28 percent on $2,266,761,104 total share volume. Pfizer, Inc. last traded at $33.49 1.37, up ▲ 4.27 percent on $2,250,157,534 total share volume. Procter & Gamble Company (The) last traded at $82.96 2.97, down ▼ 3.46 percent on $1,829,421,559 total share volume. Allergan plc. last traded at $216.39 3.49, up ▲ 1.64 percent on $1,644,649,041 total share volume. Morgan Stanley last traded at $38.02 1.50, up ▲ 4.11 percent on $1,458,878,195 total share volume. Johnson & Johnson last traded at $119.54 0.77, down ▼ 0.64 percent on $1,423,042,054 total share volume. Visa Inc. last traded at $81.87 1.37, down ▼ 1.65 percent on $1,389,751,028 total share volume. AT&T Inc. last traded at $36.57 0.87, down ▼ 2.32 percent on $1,389,308,233 total share volume. Coca-Cola Company (The) last traded at $40.94 1.33, down ▼ 3.15 percent on $1,360,796,840 total share volume. Philip Morris International Inc last traded at $90.50 3.85, down ▼ 4.08 percent on $1,350,934,859 total share volume. Caterpillar, Inc. last traded at $93.45 2.25, up ▲ 2.47 percent on $1,311,367,964 total share volume. Walt Disney Company (The) last traded at $94.96 0.32, up ▲ 0.34 percent on $1,287,701,946 total share volume. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. last traded at $156.06 4.78, up ▲ 3.16 percent on $1,260,178,570 total share volume. MetLife, Inc. last traded at $53.74 2.46, up ▲ 4.80 percent on $1,254,943,412 total share volume. About Christian Wang CHRISTIAN has worked with the New York Stock Exchange and the International Bank of Shanghai as a financial analyst and Certified Public Accountant before he opened up his own money lending firm in the summer last year. A graduate of Computer Engineering at the Arizona State University, Christian is a young and ambitious individual who possesses a keen eye for detail. Before his stint at the NYSE, he sidelined as editor and writer at various online firms. In his spare time, he speaks at seminars and different consultancy firms, sharing his own knowledge on computer engineering and insights on money matters and business management. He is still single and yet very determined to expand his money lending business in China. View all posts by Christian Wang → Top Forex Brokers Top Binary Brokers 1 Trade 24 Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 2 Trading Banks Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 3 NSFX Demo Account Real Account Read Reviews 1 OptioNow Real Account Read Reviews 2 Optionrally 24 Real Account Read Reviews Follow Us Newsletter Signup Popular Posts Zcash, the New Cryptocurrency, Makes “Deafening” Entry, Threatens Bitcoin, Ethereum Company Earnings Report, as of Nov. 4, 2016 Metatrader Brokers Spot Trade Source of Wealthy Information Advertisement ABOUT US CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISE SITEMAP PARTNERS © 2016 FxPips.com. All rights reserved. Risk Disclaimer: Trading foreign exchange on margin carries a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The high degree of leverage can work against you as well as for you. Before deciding to trade foreign exchange you should carefully consider your investment objectives, level of experience, and risk appetite. The possibility exists that you could sustain a loss of some or all of your initial investment and therefore you should not invest money that you cannot afford to lose. You should be aware of all the risks associated with foreign exchange trading, and seek advice from an independent financial advisor if you have any doubts. ×
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Board of Universal Starch Chem Allied appoints company secretary & compliance officer Business Standard Sensex regains 27,000 in volatile trade Capital Market  November 11, 2016 Last Updated at 13:23 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJBNUl Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Market opens lower on negative global cues Shares jump on strong global signals Weakness prevails on negative global cues Fresh bout of selling drags key indices lower Market pares gains; positive market breadth Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. The Sensex lost 524.91 points, or 1.91% at the day's low of 26,992.77 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 172.83 points, or 0.63% at the day's high of 27,344.85 in early trade. The Nifty fell 172.90 points, or 2.03% at the day's low of 8,352.85 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 65.15 points, or 0.76% at the day's high of 8,460.60 in early trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than five losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,104 shares fell and 402 shares rose. A total of 133 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 2.82%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 2.66%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. State Bank of India fell 2.34% to Rs 275 after net profit fell 34.56% to Rs 2538.32 crore on 8.29% growth in total income to Rs 50742.99 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 11 November 2016. The stock was volatile. The stock rose as much as 2.45% at the day's high of Rs 288.50 so far during the day, which is a 52-week high for the counter. The stock lost as much as 3.87% at the day's low of Rs 270.70 so far during the day. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 1.05 lakh crore as on 30 September 2016 compared with Rs 1.01 lakh crore as on 30 June 2016 and Rs 56834.28 crore as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 7.14% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.94% as on 30 June 2016 and 4.15% as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 4.19% as on 30 September 2016 as against 4.05% as on 30 June 2016 and 2.14% as on 30 September 2015. The bank's provisions and contingencies jumped 81.09% to Rs 7896.72 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. Of this, provisions for NPAs surged 99.63% to Rs 7669.66 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. FMCG stocks declined. Britannia Industries (down 4.2%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 3.54%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.24%), Dabur India (down 3.37%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 4.15%), Hindustan Unilever (down 2.09%), Marico (down 5.91%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Tata Global Beverages (down 3.75%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.65%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 4.16%), Bajaj Corp (down 2.09%) fell. Realty stocks fell. DLF (down 5.17%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 2.15%), D B Realty (down 5.55%), Unitech (down 3.31%), Sobha (down 4.12%), Godrej Properties (down 6.11%), Sunteck Realty (down 4.26%), Prestige Estates Projects (down 6.36%), Oberoi Realty (down 5.42%) and Parsvnath Developers (down 1.62%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate rose 5.97%. In overseas stock markets, most Asian shares edged lower as US bond yields soared on expectations US President-elect Donald Trump's policies would stoke inflation. Investors fear that a higher interest rates under incoming President Donald Trump will spark capital outflows from the emerging equity markets. In US, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied to a record close yesterday, 10 November 2016, as investors continued to revise their strategies and reposition portfolios in response to Donald Trump's unexpected presidential election victory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Sensex | Nifty | Bse | Equity Market | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Sensex regains 27,000 in volatile trade Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. The Sensex lost 524.91 points, or 1.91% at the day's low of 26,992.77 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 172.83 points, or 0.63% at the day's high of 27,344.85 in early trade. The Nifty fell 172.90 points, or 2.03% at the day's low of 8,352.85 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 65.15 points, or 0.76% at the day's high of 8,460.60 in early trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than five losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,104 shares fell and 402 shares rose. A total of 133 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 2.82%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 2.66%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. State Bank of India fell 2.34% to Rs 275 after net profit fell 34.56% to Rs 2538.32 crore on 8.29% growth in total income to Rs 50742.99 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 11 November 2016. The stock was volatile. The stock rose as much as 2.45% at the day's high of Rs 288.50 so far during the day, which is a 52-week high for the counter. The stock lost as much as 3.87% at the day's low of Rs 270.70 so far during the day. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 1.05 lakh crore as on 30 September 2016 compared with Rs 1.01 lakh crore as on 30 June 2016 and Rs 56834.28 crore as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 7.14% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.94% as on 30 June 2016 and 4.15% as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 4.19% as on 30 September 2016 as against 4.05% as on 30 June 2016 and 2.14% as on 30 September 2015. The bank's provisions and contingencies jumped 81.09% to Rs 7896.72 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. Of this, provisions for NPAs surged 99.63% to Rs 7669.66 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. FMCG stocks declined. Britannia Industries (down 4.2%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 3.54%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.24%), Dabur India (down 3.37%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 4.15%), Hindustan Unilever (down 2.09%), Marico (down 5.91%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Tata Global Beverages (down 3.75%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.65%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 4.16%), Bajaj Corp (down 2.09%) fell. Realty stocks fell. DLF (down 5.17%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 2.15%), D B Realty (down 5.55%), Unitech (down 3.31%), Sobha (down 4.12%), Godrej Properties (down 6.11%), Sunteck Realty (down 4.26%), Prestige Estates Projects (down 6.36%), Oberoi Realty (down 5.42%) and Parsvnath Developers (down 1.62%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate rose 5.97%. In overseas stock markets, most Asian shares edged lower as US bond yields soared on expectations US President-elect Donald Trump's policies would stoke inflation. Investors fear that a higher interest rates under incoming President Donald Trump will spark capital outflows from the emerging equity markets. In US, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied to a record close yesterday, 10 November 2016, as investors continued to revise their strategies and reposition portfolios in response to Donald Trump's unexpected presidential election victory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Sensex regains 27,000 in volatile trade Key benchmark indices staged a mild recovery after hitting fresh intraday low in afternoon trade. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex, was down 441.27 points or 1.6% at 27,076.41. The losses for the Nifty 50 index were higher in percentage terms than those for the Sensex. The Nifty was down 149.25 points or 1.75% at 8,376.50. The Sensex regained the psychologically important 27,000 mark in volatile trade after hitting an intraday low below that level in intraday trade. A sudden spike in US bond yields to a 10-month high rattled emerging equity markets. The Sensex lost 524.91 points, or 1.91% at the day's low of 26,992.77 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 172.83 points, or 0.63% at the day's high of 27,344.85 in early trade. The Nifty fell 172.90 points, or 2.03% at the day's low of 8,352.85 in afternoon trade, its lowest level since 9 November 2016. The index fell 65.15 points, or 0.76% at the day's high of 8,460.60 in early trade. The broad market depicted weakness. There were more than five losers against every gainer on BSE. 2,104 shares fell and 402 shares rose. A total of 133 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 2.82%. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 2.66%. The decline in both these indices was higher than the Sensex's decline in percentage terms. State Bank of India fell 2.34% to Rs 275 after net profit fell 34.56% to Rs 2538.32 crore on 8.29% growth in total income to Rs 50742.99 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 11 November 2016. The stock was volatile. The stock rose as much as 2.45% at the day's high of Rs 288.50 so far during the day, which is a 52-week high for the counter. The stock lost as much as 3.87% at the day's low of Rs 270.70 so far during the day. The bank's gross non-performing assets (NPAs) stood at Rs 1.05 lakh crore as on 30 September 2016 compared with Rs 1.01 lakh crore as on 30 June 2016 and Rs 56834.28 crore as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of gross NPAs to gross advances stood at 7.14% as on 30 September 2016 as against 6.94% as on 30 June 2016 and 4.15% as on 30 September 2015. Ratio of net NPAs to net advances stood at 4.19% as on 30 September 2016 as against 4.05% as on 30 June 2016 and 2.14% as on 30 September 2015. The bank's provisions and contingencies jumped 81.09% to Rs 7896.72 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. Of this, provisions for NPAs surged 99.63% to Rs 7669.66 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. FMCG stocks declined. Britannia Industries (down 4.2%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 3.54%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 0.24%), Dabur India (down 3.37%), Godrej Consumer Products (down 4.15%), Hindustan Unilever (down 2.09%), Marico (down 5.91%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Tata Global Beverages (down 3.75%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (down 1.65%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 4.16%), Bajaj Corp (down 2.09%) fell. Realty stocks fell. DLF (down 5.17%), Housing Development and Infrastructure (down 2.15%), D B Realty (down 5.55%), Unitech (down 3.31%), Sobha (down 4.12%), Godrej Properties (down 6.11%), Sunteck Realty (down 4.26%), Prestige Estates Projects (down 6.36%), Oberoi Realty (down 5.42%) and Parsvnath Developers (down 1.62%) declined. Indiabulls Real Estate rose 5.97%. In overseas stock markets, most Asian shares edged lower as US bond yields soared on expectations US President-elect Donald Trump's policies would stoke inflation. Investors fear that a higher interest rates under incoming President Donald Trump will spark capital outflows from the emerging equity markets. In US, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied to a record close yesterday, 10 November 2016, as investors continued to revise their strategies and reposition portfolios in response to Donald Trump's unexpected presidential election victory. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Leisure Last Modified: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 56 PM IST Suketu Talekar: Master brewer Why the co-founder of the hugely successful Doolally craft beers thinks the Indian craft-beer industry will be twice the size of the wine industry in five years Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Dustin Silgardo Suketu Talekar. Illustration: Jayachandran/Mint When I first met Suketu Talekar in Pune, back in 2009, Brewcrafts Microbrewing Pvt. Ltd, which produces Doolally craft beers, was still making test batches of ales and ciders. As I watched Talekar, then 32, and German head brewer and co-founder Oliver Schauf, whom he met online when he was looking for a partner, haul sacks of malt and hops from the storage room to the brewery, they had to explain to me the basics of how a beer is made. “Beer is, essentially, the shit and piss of yeast,” Talekar, Doolally’s co-founder, had said, guffawing. They had to carefully list the differences between an industrial beer and a craft one, and why the latter was more desirable. As India’s first microbrewery, Doolally’s principal challenge then was simply letting consumers know there was more to beer than Kingfisher and Foster’s. Just seven years later, India has more than 30 microbreweries. If you’re anywhere in Bengaluru, Pune, Gurgaon or Mumbai, you’re not far from a pub that will serve you a craft beer on tap. Even your local wine shop may have bottles of craft beer made by an Indian company. Talekar, who is in charge of Doolally’s marketing and sales—Schauf handles the making of the beer—is neither surprised, nor overly excited, about the rapid growth of a market he helped open up. “If you make a good beer, consumers will love it. That was always a no-brainer for me,” he says. We are sitting at the Doolally Taproom in Bandra, Mumbai, one of three such outlets in the city. The company, which began selling its beers at The Corinthians Resort & Club in Pune in 2009, brought its brews to Mumbai in 2015. The Bandra Taproom, wholly owned and run by Doolally, was their first outlet, and since then, two more have opened, one in Andheri and another at Kemps Corner. These restaurants are perpetually filled with increasingly knowledgeable beer drinkers who don’t even need the menu, let alone an explanation of what craft beer is, to place their order. But the education process has not been completed, says Talekar. “We have moved a long way from walking into a bar and asking just for ‘a beer’. Now, we walk into a bar and ask for a brand and a style—a Gateway Doppelganger or an Independence IPA (India Pale Ale),” he says. “Customers know there are possibilities of beer beyond Kingfisher and Foster’s. But really understanding what those possibilities are, that is an ongoing process.” "Among light, session beers, Talekar’s favourite styles are Gose, a salty, tarty German beer; Saison, which is easy to drink; the English bitter; and the English brown ale, particularly Hobgoblin, made by the Wychwood Brewery Company. Among challenging styles, he loves Indian Pale Ales, Belgian Tripels and Porters."- As that process continues, Talekar expects the industry to grow to a size that will dwarf what is now being heralded as a craft-beer boom. The US has seen the number of microbreweries reach nearly 5,000, even though the first one opened only in the late 1970s, he says. At this early stage in India, he sees other microbreweries more as allies than as competitors. “More players means more perspective on the product. It means more experimentation. It means consumers holding brewers to a higher standard, which means improvement on the product.” And he is impressed with the quality of entrepreneurs entering the craft beer industry, something he thinks will be critical to the pace it grows at. “People are making conservative estimates about the market for craft beer because they are underestimating the quality of the entrepreneurs entering this market. I believe there is a qualitative difference between the early bunch of winemakers and the early bunch of craft-beer makers. I will put my money behind a statement that in five years, craft beer will be 2x or 3x bigger than the wine industry. Which would mean that in 10 years, we would have done what the wine guys haven’t managed to do in 25 years. And that’s because of the quality of the entrepreneurs.” One of the stumbling blocks for the craft-beer industry has been the red tape one has to navigate to begin making craft beer and, then, package it in a way that is profitable. A number of breweries have complained that without being allowed to bottle their beers, they are left with too few revenue streams to break even. Talekar thinks the extent of these problems is overstated. Doolally has joined hands with a few other breweries to form the Maharashtra Craft Brewers Association, and they are seeking, among other things, permission from the excise department to sell beer in growlers (air-tight jugs used to store beer) at brewpubs. “It will be like parcelling beer, like you parcel food at a restaurant,” Talekar explains. Someday, he would also like to see Doolally beers sitting in bottles in stores. But at the moment he is not fixated on finding new ways to package and sell his beer. Rather, his days are spent managing Doolally’s Taprooms and ensuring that he “wins with every consumer who walks in”. Doolally’s Taprooms have become popular in Mumbai as places for relaxed get-togethers. They are brightly lit, unlike other pubs; the music is soft, allowing conversation; and the walls are lined with shelves full of books and board games, suggesting this is a place you will not be hurried in. Talekar understands that the context in which he sells his beer is as important as the product. “We believe that people don’t come here to eat and drink. They come here for something else. They come here to spend time with friends, someone they love or their colleagues. It’s like an extension of their living rooms.” Born in Gujarat’s Bhavnagar and schooled in Nashik, Talekar did a course in production engineering from the Jawaharlal Nehru College in Aurangabad. After a stint with his father’s company, which did sales and after-sales service of diesel engines, Talekar completed his master’s in business administration from the Indian Institute of Management, Bangalore, in 2004. He then worked as an assistant brand manager with Procter & Gamble in Singapore. He had always been a beer drinker, but had never drunk truly good beer until he began frequenting a brewpub named Brewerkz there. He returned to India a year later with the idea of bringing good beer to his home country. His conservative family wasn’t too happy; they didn’t think “decent” people should be dealing in liquor. After a decade-long journey with BrewCrafts Microbrewing/Doolally, Talekar is doing things he had never imagined he would. Such as managing a pub. “We only began running our first 18 months ago, and now we have three, without raising any money. What I’ve learnt in this time is that there is no greater marketing tool than experiential retail. You can actually moderate how a person feels. That’s why every Apple store is worth a hundred million dollars that Microsoft spends on advertising.” Doolally’s beer sales have grown 400% since 2014 and their total revenue has increased by 1,000% in the same period. They’ve also added to their staff, currently at around 180, and have moved from working out of the Taprooms to an office in Santacruz. With this pace of growth, employees come to work every day knowing they are going to have to face new challenges, which is why Talekar sees his role as that of a cheerleader. “I believe in letting people be. I think that if you recruit right, then your job is to create conditions that will let people succeed and give them the leeway to make decisions and mistakes too. It’s natural when you are doing so many new things for morale to dip at times. My job is to get everyone excited about the big picture.” Dustin Silgardo Topics: Suketu TalekarDoolally craft beersMicrobreweriesPuneOliver Schauf More from this Section How Walnut mobile app can help you find an ATM that is active App Radar: Must-have new apps and games for Android and iOS Review: Blueair Blue Pure 211 is a breath of fresh air Best ways to filter the bad air Cut your diabetes risk Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Fri, Nov 11 2016. 12 51 PM IST Latest News Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India The economics of currency reform The two-step Trump dance Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close

Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Alibaba Singles’ Day shopping frenzy exceeds US$16.8b to break record  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies SINGLES DAY SHOPPING Singles' Day Singles' Day Alibaba Singles’ Day shopping frenzy exceeds US$16.8b to break record Spending on Alibaba platforms, which include Tmall, Taobao and AliExpress, soared past last year’s record of US$14.3 billion by 5.40pm, and has hit US$17.8 billion, chalking up a 24 per cent growth PUBLISHED : Friday, 11 November, 2016, 1:28pm UPDATED : Monday, 14 November, 2016, 11:49am Comments:   Celine Ge celine.ge@scmp.com http://twitter.com/CelineJGE Share PrintEmail Related topics Singles' Day Alibaba Related Articles Companies Alibaba’s Singles’ Day sale becomes more international 13 Nov 2016 China Tech Drones take flight on Singles’ Day 13 Nov 2016 Business Alibaba sells a record 100,000 vehicles online in 24 hours 14 Nov 2016 Alibaba Group Holding, the e-commerce giant behind the 24-hour Singles’ Day shopping blitz – the world’s biggest retail event surpassing Black Friday – smashed last year’s sales record of 91.2 billion yuan, soaring past the total at 3:19pm on Friday. Spending on Alibaba platforms, including Tmall, Taobao and Ali­Express, topped 120.7 billion yuan (US$17.8 billion), a 32 per cent rise on last year’s sales. More than 82 per cent of the sales were conducted through mobile devices, with purchases using smartphones 99 billion yuan, according to Alibaba’s live data. Launched in 2009, the day-long event held annually on November 11 is considered a benchmark for the country’s continuing swing towards online shopping, and is seen by economists as a bellwether of consumer demand. WATCH: Chinese spend 120.7 billion yuan on Singles’ Day as Alibaba reveals their new global strategy This year’s selling spree kicked off at midnight in Shenzhen with a gala event featuring a host of celebrities, including English football legend David Beckham, basketball star Kobe Bryant, actress Scarlett Johansson and rock band One Republic, to drum up international attention. There was an immediate wave of pre-orders that shoppers had placed ahead that propelled the first billion dollars of transactions in less than five minutes, said Alibaba, which also owns the South China Morning Post. Spending took place across the spectrum of retail goods, from soya sauce to shampoo. Singles’ Day has become an emerging billion-dollar battle ground for Alibaba and its chief rival JD.com in their hunt for new growth areas. The spending this year had also been expected to be higher partly because of the quality of goods being offered to attract the rising middle classes, who are thirsty for everything from sparkling water from Fiji to biscuits from Britain.   The anticipated fight for sales, particularly in the grocery segment, escalated three weeks ago in the lead-up to Singles’ Day, when Wal-Mart Stores said it set up a store in Beijing in a tie-up with JD to deliver imported goods to shoppers “within hours”. On the same day in Hong Kong, Alibaba brought into spotlight its alliance with Costco Wholesale, the largest warehouse retailer in the United States, as well as other grocery brands, such as Procter & Gamble, that were expected to be at the forefront of promotions, including offering steep discounts and products not yet available in China. The pacts with western consumer multinationals is just part of a multibillion-dollar campaign rolled out by Alibaba, which has vowed to outspend its rivals to gain an upper hand in the online grocery war.   This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Singles’ Day shopping frenzy breaks records with US$17.8b in sales   Most Popular Viewed 1 Modi’s key aide blames poor planning for India’s currency crisis 2 RIP: Hong Kong’s shopping industry, as e-retailers tighten their grip 3 China’s economy risks being washed aside by a Trump tsunami 4 Relaxed mainland port rules could slice 14pc off Hong Kong’s container throughput, says report 5 Trump’s America: the good, the bad and the ugly Shared 1 Modi’s key aide blames poor planning for India’s currency crisis 2 RIP: Hong Kong’s shopping industry, as e-retailers tighten their grip 3 Relaxed mainland port rules could slice 14pc off Hong Kong’s container throughput, says report 4 China’s economy risks being washed aside by a Trump tsunami 5 Chinese regulator bans futures brokers from providing margin financing Commented 1 Thousands turn out to decry Hong Kong independence 2 Beijing’s top man in Hong Kong accuses Legco localists of treating community like ‘idiots’ 3 Walking a mile in Beijing’s shoes could serve Hong Kong politicians well in future 4 Clinton blames FBI director for presidential election loss 5 Death of China’s first female J-10 fighter pilot Yu Xu sparks call for more training Promotions Register for a free copy of XXIV 2017 now Register for a free copy of Home Essentials 2017 now       You may also like China Pacific Rim nations urged to revise TPP without US before Trump cuts trade ties 12 Nov 2016 - 12:29am 15 Society Why China’s rise means Hong Kong stars like Jackie Chan will be the last of their kind 13 Nov 2016 - 7:23pm 14 Hong Kong Despite fears, new air traffic control system to be launched at Hong Kong airport on Monday 11 Nov 2016 - 11:26pm 3 Motoring choices, plug-in hybrid vehicles help to accelerate clean mobility In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong Did CY Leung mess up his own oath? Legal challenge over Hong Kong leader’s 2012 swearing in 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 79 Hong Kong Beijing should not be totally hands-off on Hong Kong, former leader Tung Chee-hwa says 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm 25 China Many Chinese cities are slowly sinking – and intensive urbanisation means it will only get worse, say experts 11 Nov 2016 - 11:25pm Insight & Opinion With Trump as US president, let’s sit back and enjoy the show 11 Nov 2016 - 12:08pm 19 Post Magazine Female infanticide: the dark side of China’s obsession with luck 10 Nov 2016 - 5:50pm 2 World Hillary Clinton wins ... the popular vote: why her hollow victory may stir calls for reform 10 Nov 2016 - 10:30pm 33 Insight & Opinion Under Donald Trump, the US will accept China’s rise – as long as it doesn’t challenge the status quo 10 Nov 2016 - 7:26pm 26 Hong Kong Hong Kong’s South Island line will start running by the end of this year, says MTR chairman 11 Nov 2016 - 2:00am 8 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.

Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News India Toothbrush Market Outlook to 2020 – Rising Awareness for Oral Care and Premiumization of Products to Drive Growth LONDON, Nov. 10, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — EXECUTIVE SUMMARY The report titled “India Toothbrush Market Outlook to 2020 – Rising Awareness for Oral Care and Premiumization of Products to Drive Growth” provides a comprehensive analysis of the various aspects such as market size of India oral care and toothbrush market. The report also covers the segmentation on the basis of product categories, local and imported product sales, adult and kid’s toothbrush along with import volume, value and destination involved. Market shares of major players in India toothbrush market as well as the competitive landscape of major players in organized retail and e-commerce have also been covered in the report. The India oral care market was estimated at INR ~ million in the fiscal year 2015 and has soared at a CAGR of ~% from FY’2010-FY’2015. With increasing awareness on oral problems and hygiene, people have been slowly shifting towards advanced oral health care items such as mouthwash, dental floss in order to save time involved in cleansing procedure of teeth with homemade products. The oral care market, which holds nearly ~% share in the India oral care market revenue, has reached INR ~ million in FY’2015. Growing awareness based upon the benefits of brushing teeth twice a day has been an important factor behind the incredible growth of the industry. Intense competition and convincing advertisement and promotional strategies adopted by players have enabled the increased adoption of toothbrush across the rural and semi-urban areas. Manual toothbrushes have a major share in the Indian toothbrush market and contributed around ~% market share in FY’2015. The electric toothbrushes have accounted for a smaller share in the market as the demand for electric toothbrushes has been driven by the upper class population in the country. The adult toothbrushes in both electric and manual brushes have a lion share of ~% as of FY’2015 as compared to kid’s brushes which accounted for ~% of the market share in India in FY’2015. Toothbrushes with medium bristles have dominated the market for toothbrush over the past five year period and contributed to a leading share of ~% in terms of sales volume during FY’2015. Further, only a minor ~% of the domestic toothbrush sales value was derived from imports, whereas a dominant ~% of the market revenue was generated through domestic production. The India toothbrush market has been dominated by major multinational oral care companies such as Colgate Palmolive, P&G and GSK. Colgate-Palmolive has remained as the market leader holding its volume share of ~% in FY’2015. In case of toothbrushes, nearly ~% of the sales were channeled through unorganized retail in FY’2015. It was observed that majority of the consumers preferred buying toothbrushes from the nearest pharmacy stores or general stores mainly because such shops are usually located in the vicinity. Online retail channel contributed to only ~% of the share of toothbrush sales in FY’2015. Ken Research also conducted a survey in which multiple customers were interviewed to understand their buying patterns and usage preferences in case of manual as well as power toothbrushes. It was observed that Oral-B is the most popular brand in both the categories followed by Colgate. India toothbrush market holds a great potential owing to the development of premium category products, rising advertisement and promotional efforts by FMCG companies to make consumers aware particularly in rural areas along with the rising awareness levels leading to higher replacement rate of toothbrush. The toothbrush market is projected to witness a strong growth by FY’2020. It is anticipated that the market revenues will escalate at a CAGR of ~% from FY’2015-FY’2020 and is projected to reach INR 26 million by FY’2020. Key Topics Covered in the Report: -The market size of India oral care market. -The market size of India toothbrush market. -Historical and expected future trends in India toothbrush market. -SWOT analysis in India toothbrush market. -Market segmentation of India toothbrush market on the basis of product categories, local sales and imports, adults & kids, type of bristles and import volume, value & destination involved. -Existing Business Model in E-commerce Industry. -Major e-commerce websites. -Brand Analysis by 4Ps. -Market share and business strategies of major players in India toothbrush market. -Value chain and business model in India toothbrush market. -Major players in each distribution channel. -Market share of distribution channels. -Trends in retail offline and online market. -Survey on customer preferences and paradigm -Snapshot of Power toothbrush in India -Recommendation and opportunities Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3940211/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 11, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Plasma Therapy Market by Type, Source, Application, End User, Region – Global Forecast to 2021 Next Next post: Philippines Dental Care Market Outlook to 2019 – Increasing Awareness on Oral Care and Popularity of Dental Tourism to Foster Growth Search for: Search Recent Posts Memorandum of Understanding between the Consular Network of Mexico in Texas and the Court Appointed Special Advocates for Children (Texas CASA) Clorox Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend of 80 Cents Per Share Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. Investigated For Securities Fraud By Block & Leviton After Announcing Restatement Of Financial Results ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account provisioner-processorCreated with Sketch. Slice 2Created with Sketch. Home Departments Expert Commentary New Consumer Products Food Safety Processing Packaging Ingredients Sustainability Regulations Exclusives Processor Profiles Special Reports Top 100 Processors Processor of the Year Plant of the Year Multimedia ProvisionerTV Mobile App Webinars eNewsletters Archived Podcasts News Industry News Supplier News Magazine The National Provisioner Independent Processor Digital Editions IP Digital Editions SourceBook / Buyer's Guide More Associations Calendar Food Safety Summit Classifieds Market Research Modern Deli Provisioner Store Custom Content & Marketing Services White Papers Sponsor Insights Contact Connect Advertise Subscribe Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with the National Provisioner Home » AdvancePierre Foods appoints Christopher D. Sliva as President and Director, announces executive promotions Meat and Poultry Industry News AdvancePierre Foods appoints Christopher D. Sliva as President and Director, announces executive promotions November 10, 2016 Industry News KEYWORDS advancepierre Reprints No Comments AdvancePierre Foods, a national producer and distributor of sandwiches, sandwich components and other entrées and snacks, announced that its Board of Directors has approved a succession and transition plan for its Chief Executive Officer position. As a part of the plan, the Board announced that effective November 14, 2016, Christopher D. Sliva will be appointed President and also will join the AdvancePierre Board of Directors. On March 31, 2017, current AdvancePierre Chief Executive Officer John Simons will retire and will be succeeded by Sliva. Simons will remain a member of AdvancePierre’s Board following the transition. Additionally, AdvancePierre announced the promotions of George Chappelle and Jim Clough. Chappelle, previously Senior Vice President, Supply Chain & Corporate Development, has been appointed Chief Operating Officer. Chappelle will be responsible for overseeing the company’s manufacturing operations and supply chain as well as all business development activities including acquisitions, divestitures and other strategic projects. Currently President of the Foodservice business unit, Clough will expand his role and become the company’s first Chief Commercial Officer. Clough will continue to lead the Foodservice business unit as President and will have additional leadership responsibilities related to the company’s customer-centric efforts. Both of these promotions reflect the Company’s ongoing commitment to these critical business functions and their contributions to AdvancePierre. Regarding Simons’ transition, Dean Hollis, Chairman of the Board, said, “John has been instrumental in transforming AdvancePierre’s culture into one focused on collaboration and excellence and in building a world-class management team. Under John’s leadership, AdvancePierre has implemented the APF way, our sustainable improvement program which transformed our business performance and enhanced our margin profile. We look forward to continuing to benefit from John’s experience and guidance as Chief Executive Officer throughout the transition period.” Simons commented, “AdvancePierre is on a solid and steady path for continued success. I’m extremely proud of our team’s many accomplishments over the past several years, perhaps most notably around our successful NYSE debut and the work that followed to establish AdvancePierre on strong footing as a public company. For all of these reasons, I came to the decision that now is the right time to initiate this change, and the Board agreed that a smooth transition beginning with Chris’ appointment as President was the ideal next step. I am looking forward to working alongside Chris over the coming months, and I am confident that the future is bright for AdvancePierre.” As President, Sliva will work closely alongside Simons on the oversight and management of the company’s operating activities and to ensure a seamless transition of responsibilities. Sliva is a recognized leader and operator with over a decade’s experience as a public food company executive. Before joining AdvancePierre, Sliva was President and Chief Operating Officer at TreeHouse Foods Inc., a leading manufacturer of food and beverage products with more than 50 manufacturing facilities across the United States, Canada and Italy. Sliva joined TreeHouse in July 2012 as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of its Bay Valley Foods operating unit and also served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of TreeHouse and President of Bay Valley during his time at the company. Before that, Sliva spent six years as an executive at Dean Foods, including as Chief Commercial Officer of Dean’s subsidiary Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar, Chief Customer Officer for Dean's White Wave Foods division and President and Chief Operating Officer for the Morningstar division. Previously, Sliva held various leadership roles and sales and marketing positions with Eastman Kodak Company, Fort James Corporation and Procter & Gamble Distributing Company. Hollis continued, “I am very pleased to welcome Chris to AdvancePierre. Having spent a significant part of his career working in a customer-focused environment, Chris is well-equipped to reinforce and build upon AdvancePierre’s customer-centric approach. Chris also shares our passion for food and his highly relevant experience as a senior executive with publicly-traded food and beverage companies strongly positions him to lead AdvancePierre through its next phase of growth.” Sliva said, “I have watched AdvancePierre’s amazing progress over the past several years and I admire the spirit of collaboration, innovation and continuous improvement deeply-rooted in every aspect of the business. I am excited to work with John and the rest of the talented team during this transition period as we strive to deliver even greater value for customers and sustained profitable growth and value for shareholders.” Source: AdvancePierre Foods Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to The National Provisioner. Recent Articles by Industry News Micreos rebrands Phage Portfolio to PhageGuard Reiser begins major expansion to its U.S. Headquarters JBT Corporation completes acquisition of Tipper Tie Optimizing frozen storage warehousing in an irregular landscape Revolutionary technology for high speed, floor level palletizing Related Articles AdvancePierre Foods appoints Celeste Clark to Board of Directors AdvancePierre Foods names Gary Perlin newest board member John Simons named President/CEO of AdvancePierre Foods AdvancePierre Foods to acquire wholesale and manufacturing operations of Landshire Inc. Related Products The 10 Principles of Food Industry Sustainability Microbiology of Thermally Preserved Foods: Canning and Novel Physical Methods Food Plant Sanitation: Design, Maintenance, and Good Manufacturing Practices, Second Edition Handbook of Food Products Manufacturing: Health, Meat, Milk, Poultry, Seafood, and Vegetables, Volume 2 Related Events Food Plant of the Future: Advancing Food Safety through Sanitary Design Ontario Food Protection Association Spring Meeting RMC Sponsors Food Safety Sanitation Forum on West Coast Food Plant of the Future: The Future of Wastewater Management Related Directories Advanced Food Equipment Marshfield Food Safety LLC Institute of Food Technologies National Pork Board You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print Edition Subscriptions Digital Edition Subscriptions Provisioner Prime eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App Connect with The National Provisioner More Videos Events November 16, 2016 Redefining Clean: Changing Blender Cleaning for Worker Safety In this educational webinar, Packer Sanitation Services, Inc. will cover better ways to maintain food safety with quality equipment while keeping employees safe. New blender cleaning solutions that don't involve energizing will be discussed. Attendees will walk away with knowledge that will help them strive towards improved safety conditions in food processing plants that utilize blenders. December 7, 2016 Global Pouch West 2016 Global Pouch West 2016 is the place to learn about the explosive growth in pouches and why food, beverage, and household product manufacturers are making the switch from rigid to flexible packaging. View All Submit An Event Products The National Provisioner Source Book The Sourcebook is an exclusive buyer’s guide and reference tool for product and supplier information in the meat, poultry and seafood marketplace. See More Products The National Provisioner November 2016 The November 2016 issue of The National Provisioner features our cover story on the partnership between Kraft Heinz and The Ohio State University, the 2017 Consumer Trends Report, and much more! View More Subscribe Independent Processor October 2016 Check out the October 2016 issue of Independent Processor, featuring our cover story on Deli Star Corp., and much more. View More Subscribe Proteins Beef Pork Chicken Turkey Sausage Bacon Deli Seafood Lamb/Veal More List Rental Partners Want More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Expert Commentary Editors Viewpoint Fight for Food Safety Legislative Copyright ©2016. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing


Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Febreze Revives “The #12Stinks of Christmas” with Doug E. Fresh and Doug The Pug So You Can Breathe Happy Again This Holiday Season Febreze is Bringing Back Its Holiday Hit, “The #12Stinks of Christmas,” With a Throwback to Old School Hip-Hop in a Music Video Showcasing How to Keep it Funky Fresh All Season Long CINCINNATI–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Mom burnt the casserole, dad left the trash in the garage, and Uncle Jeff has been in the bathroom a little too long – being home for the holidays isn’t always what we imagine. Don’t get us wrong, the holidays are great, but in reality, they can literally stink. Febreze is here to spread cheer and freshness all season long, and to help them do so they have brought back their holiday hit: “The #12Stinks of Christmas.” Today, Doug E. Fresh, “The World’s Greatest Entertainer,” and social media sensation @ItsDougThePug kicked it old school and released the second installment of Febreze’s “The #12Stinks of Christmas.” The beatbox pioneer and his four-legged #12Stinks partner-in-crime put their own spin on the holiday classic, “The 12 Days of Christmas,” with a hip-hop music video collaboration-complete with matching track suits of course! Their video brings to life the stinks of the season and highlights how Febreze is the only solution tough enough to eliminate unwanted holiday odors while leaving behind a light, fresh holiday scent that keeps you guest-ready all season long. This year’s collaboration follows the success of the 2015 version starring Jane Lynch and Matthew Morrison and is being launched in tandem with the brand’s 2016 global #12Stinks campaign, including a U.K. rendition starring British comedian, Paul O’Grady. “I love to entertain and I love to keep things fresh – it’s what I do! But sometimes, when it comes to entertaining guests, things can get pretty stressful,” said legendary beatboxer, Doug E. Fresh. “Nobody has time to worry about the smell of their home when they have friends and family over. That’s why I love Febreze – it’s the perfect solution to eliminate those not-so-fresh holiday stinks no matter how big the party gets.” In addition to the music video featured on YouTube, the duo also will be featured in a full “The #12Stinks of Christmas” digital campaign including iRadio ads, Snapchat, digital ads and special content on the brand’s social channels. You can find the hip-hop remix of “The #12Stinks of Christmas” staring Doug E. Fresh and @ItsDougthePUG all season long on Febreze’s YouTube channel, beginning today: YouTube.com/Febreze. The holidays are an exciting time of the year, but the endless cycle of guests, themed parties, and stale leftovers leave behind a bevy of stinks. Listen to The Dougs: stay fresh and eliminate the #12Stinks of Christmas with Febreze’s festive product offerings: Air Effects, Candles and NOTICEables which are available in Fresh Cut Pine and Fresh Twist Cranberry. Febreze contains proprietary malodor elimination technologies so its products have the ability to truly eliminate odors and replace them with a light, fresh holiday scent. For more information about Febreze products, please visit Febreze.com. About Febreze® In 1998, Procter & Gamble (P&G) gave households a breath of fresh air with the launch of Febreze®, known today as the preeminent brand for providing a fresh, clean scent and eliminating odors from fabrics and the air. Febreze® boasts a line of products with freshness capabilities that range from ridding of pet odors and tackling sweat stink to decorating the home with scent and freshening on the go. Febreze® continues to be one of the fastest growing brands in P&G’s portfolio of household brands and bring innovative products to market. Fresh air is an essential and basic human right, and that the air we breathe can give us “fresh starts.” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts Citizen Relations Becky Harding (US), 212-613-4914 rebecca.harding@citizenrelations.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 10, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Bristol-Myers Squibb and Pfizer to Deliver 12 New Eliquis® (apixaban) Presentations at American Heart Association (AHA) Scientific Sessions 2016 Next Next post: KLAS: Health Catalyst Stands Out with Highest Overall Score in Healthcare BI Market Search for: Search Recent Posts Memorandum of Understanding between the Consular Network of Mexico in Texas and the Court Appointed Special Advocates for Children (Texas CASA) Clorox Declares Regular Quarterly Dividend of 80 Cents Per Share Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. Investigated For Securities Fraud By Block & Leviton After Announcing Restatement Of Financial Results ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress

News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Current Issue Recent Issues Customer Service Advertise News Recent Headlines Ferrous Nonferrous Plastics Paper Solid Waste Municipal Electronics Glass Tires Safety Legislation & Regulations Certification Equipment & Products Conferences & Events Personnel Industry Tools RMDAS Pricing Maps, Lists & Web Extras Directories Classifieds Store Media All Video Editorial Video Sponsored Video 2016 Paper & Plastics Recycling Conference WasteExpo Show Dailies 2016 PPRC Video Show Dailies Magazine Current Issue Current Digital Edition Recent Issues Subscribe Advertise (Media Kit) Contact Recycling Today Media Group Publications Circular Economy Perspectives Events Events Recycling Today Media Group Events Industry Events Subscribe Subscribe to our Magazine Subscribe to our Newsletter 2016 PPRC Europe: Heroes and scapegoats Support for recycling in Europe remains substantial, but low virgin plastic prices make for difficult circumstances. November 10, 2016 Brian Taylor Subscribe 2016 Paper & Plastics Recycling Conference Show Dailies International Recycling News Plastics The Plastic Heroes program is providing a considerable subsidy to plastic scrap collection in the Netherlands, but a low pricing environment may cause taxpayers to wonder about their return on the investment.   Speaking at the 2016 Plastics Recycling Conference Europe in Rotterdam in early November, Thijs Cox of Netherlands-based recycling firm Ciparo BV said through the programme the Dutch government is paying local governments up to €1,100 ($1,200) per tonne for plastic scrap with as little as one-tenth of the value.   Having started his presentation to the music of David Bowies’s song “Heroes,” Cox asked of the programme, “Will it stay, or is it just for one day?” The programme has been in place for more than three years, he said, and it collected about 104,000 tonnes of plastic in 2013, 118,000 tonnes in 201 and 122,000 tonnes in 2015.   The Plastic Heroes programme is partially funded by fees paid into a fund by consumer products and packaging companies, but he said a combination of processing (sorting) and profitability challenges are leading to questions.   Cox’s fellow panelist Peter Daalder of Netherlands-based Daly Plastics BV is one skeptic of the programme, remarking that politicians are already expressing the views of some taxpayers that the Recycling Heroes programme is not fiscally sustainable.   Daly Plastics has recently invested in its capacity to recycle plastic films and bags, collected from commercial and industrial customers in the Netherlands and surrounding countries.   Daalder said Daly Plastics is not only collecting and baling the material, but also converting and processing much of it into granulate. The company has expanded its former 20,000-tonnes-per-year granulating output to 30,000 with the addition of a new processing line. Daly has a production goal of 50,000 tonnes produced in 2018, said Daalder.   He noted that one large customer such as Procter & Gamble may need 40,000 tonnes per year of just one grade of plastic, so recyclers continue to face an uphill battle to match the scale of primary resin producers.   Panelist Roger Evans of United Kingdom-based Recapture Plastics has spent four decades taking part in plastics recycling ventures in that nation. Recapture is targeting mixed rigid plastics containers for recycling and reprocessing and has secured financing from a variety of sources to equip a plant with 16,000 tonnes of annual capacity.   Evans said many challenges exist in the current plastic recycling landscape, including resin pricing volatility and, for post-consumer packaging, the often poor quality of materials collected in residential recycling programmes.   Low resin prices and past plastics recycling failures made financing his current venture difficult, Evans noted. Just 5% of his funding came from banks, while 8% came from equipment vendors and 28% from asset financing, including a mortgage on his own home. “If you’re going to do this,” he warned fellow attendees, “be prepared to risk your wealth, health and personal well-being.”   The 2016 Paper and Plastics Recycling Conferences Europe were 2-3 November at the Hilton Rotterdam in the Netherlands. Polyethylene/PE Rigid plastics Related PPRC 2016: Finding offshore homes for plastics Recycling Technologies named in 100 Ones to Watch list 2016 PPRC Europe: A world of barriers Most Shared Recon Services to install Zenrobotics system in its C&D facility Seattle composting facility accepts compostable coffee pods Tomra launches loyalty program in Michigan supermarkets Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Sponsors Editorial Video Podcast Interview: NWRA's Bret Biggers Most Popular Former Nucor CEO tabbed for Trump trade role Tomra launches loyalty program in Michigan supermarkets IDEM recognizes auto recycler with award Recon Services to install Zenrobotics system in its C&D facility Plastipak acquires Evolve Polymers Ltd.’s assets News and Information for Recycling Professionals Subscribe Advertise Contact Recycling Today Global Edition Construction & Demolition Recycling Renewable Energy from Waste Storage & Destruction Business © 2015 GIE Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved

Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Business Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News You are here: ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 15 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,305-514.19 NIFTY 50 8,108-187.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,317-290.00 USD/INR 67.750.50 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW MNCs eye foreign profits tax break with Donald Trump win By Reuters | Updated: Nov 12, 2016, 01.05 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Tax break | Pfizer | MNCs | Microsoft | IBM | foreign profits | Donald Trump Trump and congressional Republicans would also need support for tax reform from Democrats if they intend to present the package as a benefit for the country as a whole, analysts say. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Pfizer x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Donald Trump's White House victory moves Apple, Pfizer, Microsoft and other big US corporations much closer than they have been in years to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits. Tax reform is shaping up as among the most fruitful areas for cooperation between Trump and his fellow Republicans, who held control in Tuesday's elections of both the House of Representatives and the Senate. Trump and congressional Republicans have separate, but similar, tax reform plans. Both would slash tax rates on businesses, simplify and cut individual taxes, and let companies bring overseas profits into the country at a low tax rate, raising prospects for a sweeping deal on taxes. Bipartisan support for corporate tax reform has been growing as multinational companies have amassed tax-deferred profits abroad and brought continuous lobbying pressure over a decade for a tax break on them. "On tax policy, he's basically adopted the House blueprint as his approach," said Rohit Kumar, co-leader of the tax policy services practice at Big Four accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers. "There's a better chance that something happens next year than there has been at any point in the last several years." At the heart of the issue is a law that lets US companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying US corporate tax on them, unless and until those profits are brought into the United States, which is known as repatriation. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. That money could be repatriated any time, but businesses choose not to because it would incur the 35 percent statutory corporate income tax. Trump and House Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, would still need to agree on how to pay for lower corporate tax rates and on whether US-based multinationals should pay US taxes on future foreign profits. Trump and congressional Republicans would also need support for tax reform from Democrats if they intend to present the package as a benefit for the country as a whole, analysts say. Such proposals have stumbled before on Democrats' objections that they are corporate give-away, and on Republicans' insistence that they be paired with a cut in the corporate income tax rate. Democrats could still block legislation they dislike from reaching the floor of the Senate, which requires a super majority of 60 votes to advance a measure, but there are procedural maneuvers Republicans could use to bypass them. The one-time surge in revenue that would result from repatriation could help fund another cornerstone of Trump's campaign platform -- a pledge to boost the economy through big investments in US highways, roads, bridges, airports and seaports. Infrastructure spending was not a campaign priority for congressional Republicans. But a new job-creating program could appeal to Democrats and be valuable to lawmakers in the 2018 mid-term elections. The four companies with the largest profits held overseas are: Apple Inc ($200 billion), Pfizer Inc ($194 billion), Microsoft Corp ($108 billion) and General Electric Co $104 billion), according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. The European Commission in August hit Apple with a 13 billion euro ($14.3 billion) bill for back taxes, fanning concerns among other US multinationals and US officials that their untaxed foreign revenues could be vulnerable to further European penalties. Apple CEO Tim Cook told an interviewer in September that he expects to repatriate billions of dollars in global profits to the United States in 2017 but did not say how. He said in another interview that the company would not bring money back unless there was "a fair rate" and said he was optimistic that tax reform would occur next year. BUSINESS SUPPORT The House tax plan, which Ryan and other leading Republicans promoted throughout the campaign, would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, force multinationals to repatriate existing foreign earnings and adopt a "territorial" system that would largely end taxation of US companies' foreign income. Trump is calling for a steeper rate cut to 15 percent, and he has proposed a 10 percent tax rate for repatriated overseas profits held in cash, payable over a decade. Some are optimistic that those differences can be overcome. "In the end, there are no differences that can't be solved on the tax issue," said Republican Representative Tom Cole. The House Republican plan has had significant support from business. Kumar's PwC advises the Alliance for Competitive Taxation, which lobbies on tax reform for over 40 companies ranging from Alcoa Inc and Cisco Systems Inc to Alphabet's Google Inc, Procter & Gamble Co and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. "We know what we want," said Dorothy Coleman, a tax policy expert at the National Association of Manufacturers, referring to a lower corporate tax rate, adopting a "modern, competitive" territorial system, and a permanent R&D credit among other wishes. The House's corporate tax plan would cut revenues by more than $890 billion over 10 years, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. The same research group says Trump's corporate plan would reduce revenues by $2.6 trillion. Trump and Republicans in Congress view tax reform as a way to jump-start economic growth and job creation. Business lobbyists say that higher tax revenues from a growing economy would address much of the House plan's shortfall. Trump advisers say revenue erosion posed by the president-elect's plan would be overcome by growth and policy initiatives including a more aggressive approach to trade. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! Now that Trump has won, what will happen to US (& rest of world) of 9 Next Prev Play Slideshow President's promises 9 Nov, 2016Donald Trump has stunned America and the world, riding a wave of populist resentment to defeat Hillary Clinton in the race to become the 45th president of the United States. We all know about banning all Muslims from entering the US but what else has the next president of the United States promised to do? Immigration 9 Nov, 2016In his campaign Donald Trump promises to stop illegal immigration in United States. Apart from banning Muslims from entering the US, he will suspend immigration from "any nation that has been compromised by terrorism". More number of people should be hired in the Immigration and Customs department to prevent illegal immigration. Bad news for Mexico 9 Nov, 2016Donald Trump will deport an estimated 11 million unauthorized Mexican immigrants and their children — even if they are born in the United States — starting with those who have committed serious crimes. In all probability, he would build a wall along the US-Mexico border and make Mexico pay for it. Horror for China? 9 Nov, 2016Trump would like to increase tariffs on Chinese imports up to 45 per cent. In one of his tweet he promises to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. He even warns that US will "walk away" from the agreement if it does not get what it wants. Another move would be America's withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. Defence 9 Nov, 2016Trump will appoint new supreme court judges who "will be pro-life, they will have a conservative bent, they will be protecting the second amendment". He wants to reduce gun violence by empowering law-abiding gun owners. Next FROM AROUND THE WEB Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake 82 per cent Indians favour demonetisation: Survey Black money saved India during recession: UP CM READ MORE ON » Tax break | Pfizer | MNCs | Microsoft | IBM | foreign profits | Donald Trump Follow this section for latest news on Business EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Demonetisation: Finance ministry asks banks to hire retired staff to deal with cash rush There's no magic $45 billion behind India's dry ATMs How Narendra Modi stole Manmohan Singh’s thunder Cyrus Mistry hits back saying Ratan Tata made questionable investment decisions Narendra Modi set to get tougher on China and Pakistan More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. multinationals eye foreign profits tax break with Trump win Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri Nov 11, 2016 | 1:58am EST U.S. multinationals eye foreign profits tax break with Trump win left right U.S. President elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan, New York, U.S., November 9, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar 1/3 left right The logo of Dow Jones Industrial Average stock market index listed company Pfizer is pictured here in La Jolla, California April 21, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake 2/3 left right FILE PHOTO -- A Microsoft logo is seen a day after Microsoft Corp's $26.2 billion purchase of LinkedIn Corp, in Los Angeles, California, U.S. June 14, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File Photo 3/3 By David Morgan | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Donald Trump's White House victory moves Apple (AAPL.O), Pfizer (PFE.N), Microsoft (MSFT.O) and other big U.S. corporations much closer than they have been in years to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits. Tax reform is shaping up as among the most fruitful areas for cooperation between Trump and his fellow Republicans, who held control in Tuesday's elections of both the House of Representatives and the Senate. Trump and congressional Republicans have separate, but similar, tax reform plans. Both would slash tax rates on businesses, simplify and cut individual taxes, and let companies bring overseas profits into the country at a low tax rate, raising prospects for a sweeping deal on taxes. Bipartisan support for corporate tax reform has been growing as multinational companies have amassed tax-deferred profits abroad and brought continuous lobbying pressure over a decade for a tax break on them. "On tax policy, he's basically adopted the House blueprint as his approach," said Rohit Kumar, co-leader of the tax policy services practice at Big Four accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers [PWC.UL]. "There's a better chance that something happens next year than there has been at any point in the last several years." At the heart of the issue is a law that lets U.S. companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying U.S. corporate tax on them, unless and until those profits are brought into the United States, which is known as repatriation. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. That money could be repatriated any time, but businesses choose not to because it would incur the 35 percent statutory corporate income tax. Trump and House Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, would still need to agree on how to pay for lower corporate tax rates and on whether U.S.-based multinationals should pay U.S. taxes on future foreign profits. Trump and congressional Republicans would also need support for tax reform from Democrats if they intend to present the package as a benefit for the country as a whole, analysts say. Such proposals have stumbled before on Democrats' objections that they are corporate give-away, and on Republicans' insistence that they be paired with a cut in the corporate income tax rate. Democrats could still block legislation they dislike from reaching the floor of the Senate, which requires a super majority of 60 votes to advance a measure, but there are procedural maneuvers Republicans could use to bypass them. The one-time surge in revenue that would result from repatriation could help fund another cornerstone of Trump's campaign platform -- a pledge to boost the economy through big investments in U.S. highways, roads, bridges, airports and seaports. Infrastructure spending was not a campaign priority for congressional Republicans. But a new job-creating program could appeal to Democrats and be valuable to lawmakers in the 2018 mid-term elections. The four companies with the largest profits held overseas are: Apple Inc ($200 billion), Pfizer Inc ($194 billion), Microsoft Corp ($108 billion) and General Electric Co (GE.N) ($104 billion), according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. (Graphic: tmsnrt.rs/2eBx2BO). The European Commission in August hit Apple with a 13 billion euro ($14.3 billion) bill for back taxes, fanning concerns among other U.S. multinationals and U.S. officials that their untaxed foreign revenues could be vulnerable to further European penalties. Apple CEO Tim Cook told an interviewer in September that he expects to repatriate billions of dollars in global profits to the United States in 2017 but did not say how. He said in another interview that the company would not bring money back unless there was "a fair rate" and said he was optimistic that tax reform would occur next year. BUSINESS SUPPORT The House tax plan, which Ryan and other leading Republicans promoted throughout the campaign, would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, force multinationals to repatriate existing foreign earnings and adopt a "territorial" system that would largely end taxation of U.S. companies' foreign income. Trump is calling for a steeper rate cut to 15 percent, and he has proposed a 10 percent tax rate for repatriated overseas profits held in cash, payable over a decade. Some are optimistic that those differences can be overcome. "In the end, there are no differences that can't be solved on the tax issue," said Republican Representative Tom Cole. The House Republican plan has had significant support from business. Kumar's PwC advises the Alliance for Competitive Taxation, which lobbies on tax reform for over 40 companies ranging from Alcoa Inc (AA.N) and Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O) to Alphabet's Google Inc (GOOGL.O), Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N). "We know what we want," said Dorothy Coleman, a tax policy expert at the National Association of Manufacturers, referring to a lower corporate tax rate, adopting a "modern, competitive" territorial system, and a permanent R&D credit among other wishes. The House's corporate tax plan would cut revenues by more than $890 billion over 10 years, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. The same research group says Trump's corporate plan would reduce revenues by $2.6 trillion. Trump and Republicans in Congress view tax reform as a way to jump-start economic growth and job creation. Business lobbyists say that higher tax revenues from a growing economy would address much of the House plan's shortfall. Trump advisers say revenue erosion posed by the president-elect's plan would be overcome by growth and policy initiatives including a more aggressive approach to trade. (Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Stuart Grudgings) Next In Business News Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources Snapchat has filed for an initial public offering, sources familiar with the situation said on Tuesday, which puts the messaging app a step closer to the biggest U.S. stock market debut since 2014. Exclusive: Ahead of CBS/Viacom deal talks, sticking points emerge - sources Possible sticking points have emerged ahead of negotiations between media companies CBS Corp and Viacom Inc about a potential merger, including who will be on the board of the combined company and what it would be called, people familiar with the situation told Reuters. Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump WASHINGTON Republican lawmakers told the top U.S. securities regulator on Tuesday they are concerned her agency will rush out new rules in the final weeks that President Barack Obama, a Democrat, holds the Oval Office. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-52 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business U.S. multinationals eye foreign profits tax break with Trump win U.S. President elect Donald Trump speaks at election night rally in Manhattan. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:10 AM, November 11, 2016 Updated: 3:30 PM, November 11, 2016 WASHINGTON - Donald Trump's White House victory moves Apple <AAPL.O>, Pfizer <PFE.N>, Microsoft <MSFT.O> and other big U.S. corporations much closer than they have been in years to winning a big tax break on $2.6 trillion in foreign profits. Tax reform is shaping up as among the most fruitful areas for cooperation between Trump and his fellow Republicans, who held control in Tuesday's elections of both the House of Representatives and the Senate. Trump and congressional Republicans have separate, but similar, tax reform plans. Both would slash tax rates on businesses, simplify and cut individual taxes, and let companies bring overseas profits into the country at a low tax rate, raising prospects for a sweeping deal on taxes. Bipartisan support for corporate tax reform has been growing as multinational companies have amassed tax-deferred profits abroad and brought continuous lobbying pressure over a decade for a tax break on them. "On tax policy, he's basically adopted the House blueprint as his approach," said Rohit Kumar, co-leader of the tax policy services practice at Big Four accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers [PWC.UL]. "There's a better chance that something happens next year than there has been at any point in the last several years." At the heart of the issue is a law that lets U.S. companies hold foreign profits overseas without paying U.S. corporate tax on them, unless and until those profits are brought into the United States, which is known as repatriation. Corporations have $2.6 trillion stashed abroad under this law. That money could be repatriated any time, but businesses choose not to because it would incur the 35 percent statutory corporate income tax. Trump and House Republicans, including Speaker Paul Ryan, would still need to agree on how to pay for lower corporate tax rates and on whether U.S.-based multinationals should pay U.S. taxes on future foreign profits. Trump and congressional Republicans would also need support for tax reform from Democrats if they intend to present the package as a benefit for the country as a whole, analysts say. Such proposals have stumbled before on Democrats' objections that they are corporate give-away, and on Republicans' insistence that they be paired with a cut in the corporate income tax rate. Democrats could still block legislation they dislike from reaching the floor of the Senate, which requires a super majority of 60 votes to advance a measure, but there are procedural maneuvers Republicans could use to bypass them. The one-time surge in revenue that would result from repatriation could help fund another cornerstone of Trump's campaign platform -- a pledge to boost the economy through big investments in U.S. highways, roads, bridges, airports and seaports. Infrastructure spending was not a campaign priority for congressional Republicans. But a new job-creating program could appeal to Democrats and be valuable to lawmakers in the 2018 mid-term elections. The four companies with the largest profits held overseas are: Apple Inc ($200 billion), Pfizer Inc ($194 billion), Microsoft Corp ($108 billion) and General Electric Co <GE.N> ($104 billion), according to March estimates by Citizens for Tax Justice, a corporate income tax watchdog group in Washington. (Graphic: http://tmsnrt.rs/2eBx2BO). The European Commission in August hit Apple with a 13 billion euro ($14.3 billion) bill for back taxes, fanning concerns among other U.S. multinationals and U.S. officials that their untaxed foreign revenues could be vulnerable to further European penalties. Apple CEO Tim Cook told an interviewer in September that he expects to repatriate billions of dollars in global profits to the United States in 2017 but did not say how. He said in another interview that the company would not bring money back unless there was "a fair rate" and said he was optimistic that tax reform would occur next year. BUSINESS SUPPORT The House tax plan, which Ryan and other leading Republicans promoted throughout the campaign, would lower the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 20 percent, force multinationals to repatriate existing foreign earnings and adopt a "territorial" system that would largely end taxation of U.S. companies' foreign income. Trump is calling for a steeper rate cut to 15 percent, and he has proposed a 10 percent tax rate for repatriated overseas profits held in cash, payable over a decade. Some are optimistic that those differences can be overcome. "In the end, there are no differences that can't be solved on the tax issue," said Republican Representative Tom Cole. The House Republican plan has had significant support from business. Kumar's PwC advises the Alliance for Competitive Taxation, which lobbies on tax reform for over 40 companies ranging from Alcoa Inc <AA.N> and Cisco Systems Inc <CSCO.O> to Alphabet's Google Inc <GOOGL.O>, Procter & Gamble Co <PG.N> and Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>. "We know what we want," said Dorothy Coleman, a tax policy expert at the National Association of Manufacturers, referring to a lower corporate tax rate, adopting a "modern, competitive" territorial system, and a permanent R&D credit among other wishes. The House's corporate tax plan would cut revenues by more than $890 billion over 10 years, according to the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center. The same research group says Trump's corporate plan would reduce revenues by $2.6 trillion. Trump and Republicans in Congress view tax reform as a way to jump-start economic growth and job creation. Business lobbyists say that higher tax revenues from a growing economy would address much of the House plan's shortfall. Trump advisers say revenue erosion posed by the president-elect's plan would be overcome by growth and policy initiatives including a more aggressive approach to trade. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
PRLog XHome Login Latest News News By Location News By Industry News By Tag News By Date Business Profiles Pressrooms Get Feeds Get Alerted Journalist Account PRNewswire Distribution Search Diamond Packaging Wins Three Awards in 73rd Annual Paperboard Packaging Competition Awards showcase Diamond's folding carton decorating capabilities, including printing, cold foiling, and embossing. John Varvatos Artisan Blu folding cartons feature multi-level embossing   Spread the Word: News By Tag: * Folding Cartons * Packaging * Cold Foiling By Industry: * BusinessROCHESTER, N.Y. - Nov. 10, 2016 - PRLog -- Diamond Packaging won three awards in the 73rd annual North American Paperboard Packaging Competition, the industry's premier showcase for all that is new and outstanding in paperboard packaging design and technology. Awards were presented October 27, 2016 at the PPC 2016 Fall Meeting and Leadership Conference in San Antonio, TX. The competition, sponsored by the Paperboard Packaging Council (PPC) and judged by a jury of packaging professionals, industry experts, and professors, is a celebration of the industry and its creative potential. It is also an affirmation of paperboard as the clear and intelligent choice for packaging in today's eco-conscious world. Diamond won an Excellence Award for Elizabeth Arden's John Varvatos Artisan Blu folding carton. The carton was converted utilizing Clearwater Paper Candesce® SBS paperboard and offset printed with four color process and blue inks, in-line with UV matte, and UV gloss spot coating. The multi-level embossed "water" pattern on the front, side, and rear panels, was tightly registered to the printing and coatings, contributing to the natural aesthetic of the carton. The interplay between the coatings and multi-level embossing create a shimmering effect, inspired by Mediterranean beaches. The embossed graphic on the rear panel represents the flask-like fragrance bottle housed in handwoven rattan. Diamond won an Excellence Award for L'Oreal USA's Matrix Oil Wonders promotional packaging. The carton was converted utilizing KapStone Kraftpak® high-yield, low density paperboard and printed with UV flexo white, opaque white, four color process, and dense black inks, in-line with UV varnish. Printed opaque white dots provide a perfect counterpoint to the brilliant gold foil stamped dots, creating dimension and visual interest. Gold foil surrounds the die cut windows, framing the hair care products within and drawing attention to the free product sample inside. Kraftpak's natural aesthetic embodies the essence of ancient world rituals, while the gold metallic flourishes infuses the visual with a rich, exotic quality. Diamond won an Excellence Award for its 2016 calendar, which marks the 25th anniversary of a long-standing company tradition. The grandfather clock theme, with its inner mechanisms perfectly balanced, represents the collaborative and precise nature of Diamond's work. The calendar was converted utilizing Clearwater Paper Candesce® SBS paperboard and offset printed with four color process inks, UV matte coating, and UV gloss spot coating. The dimensional header features a multi-level embossed and debossed woodgrain pattern, and a striking clock face insert enhanced with UV gloss spot coating, cold foil, and multi-level embossing, creating a dramatic sense of texture and depth. It also incorporates an opening APET rigid window panel and foil embossed chimes that artfully simulate a real grandfather clock. The middle backers also feature a multi-level embossed woodgrain pattern, and three unique sets of foil embossed gears enhanced with UV gloss spot coating. Metal Magic provided all of the embossing dies. The tightly-registered foil accents, which lend authenticity to the piece, were achieved using state-of-the-art, in-line cold foiling technology. They also showcase the type of decorative effects that can cost-effectively elevate customers' brands. All of Diamond's winning entries were manufactured using 100% clean, renewable wind energy and produced in a Zero Manufacturing Waste to Landfill (ZMWL) facility. About Diamond Packaging: Founded in 1911, Diamond Packaging is a WBENC-certified woman-owned business specializing in developing innovative and sustainable packaging solutions. Utilizing state of-the-art technologies, Diamond designs and manufactures paperboard and plastic folding cartons, and provides contract packaging services for the personal care (cosmetics, hair care, skin care, fragrance, oral care, and shaving), health care, pharmaceutical, nutraceutical, and food and confectionery industries. Its client portfolio includes Bausch & Lomb, Beiersdorf, Coty, Elizabeth Arden, Estée Lauder, Godiva Chocolatier, L'Oreal, Procter & Gamble, and Shiseido. As part of the Global Packaging Alliance® (GPA), Diamond and its alliance members offer packaging solutions to companies operating on an international scale. Customers receive responsive, localized service, award-winning creative designs, identical product specifications and consistent brand recognition, resulting in unparalleled worldwide packaging support. For more information about Diamond Packaging, visit www.diamondpackaging.com. Contact Dennis Bacchetta, director of marketing 585-334-8030 dbacchetta@diamondpkg.com End Source : Diamond Packaging » Follow Email : ***@diamondpkg.com Listed Under- Tags : Folding Cartons, Packaging, Cold Foiling Industry : Business Location : Rochester - New York - United States Subject : Awards A/C Email Vfyd: | A/C Phone Vfyd: Disclaimer   Report Abuse Diamond Packaging News Diamond Packaging Wins Three Awards in 29th Annual Gold Ink Awards Competition Diamond Packaging Wins Four Awards in 2016 packagePRINTING Excellence Awards Competition Diamond Packaging Wins Highest Honor in 67th Annual Premier Print Awards Competition Diamond Packaging Wins Best of Show in 23rd Annual FSEA Gold Leaf Awards Competition Global Packaging Alliance® Announces New Partner During Annual Meeting in South Korea Trending Blue Beautifly, botanical skin care company, announces its certification as a B Corporation ImagineCare partnering with Illuminance to bring telehealth to Australia Matchbook Media + Pr To Host Entertainment Pitch-A-Thon With $1000 Prize Topps Signs Derek Jeter to an Autographed Trading Card Deal for the First Time in Over a Decade Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department Daily News Aftermath Services awards $5000 K9 Grant to Alamogordo Police Department - 316 views Allscripts Developer Program Partner Epitomyze, Inc. selected as App of the Month - 236 views Seva Beauty celebrates grand opening of second Las Vegas-area location by helping March of Dimes - 199 views Power Design Earns Gold for Innovative Technology Partnership - 148 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2016 Annual Awards EMEA - 138 views Weekly News President-elect Donald Trump Recognizes Homeschool Movement - 60855 views Detroit actor relishes role, respects his character in 'Wild Faith' - 3739 views Scienaptic: A new age analytics platform backed by Pramod Bhasin - 734 views Beyond Tablet Honored with CES 2017 Innovation Award - 531 views John Deere Gearation Board Selected As Top Educational Toy of 2016 In The Goddard School's Toy Test - 516 views PTC News Say YES to Year End Savings on Quick Move-In Lennar Homes Across Colorado - 310 views Fisher, Felton, Lloyd, Amell Top Celebrities At Wizard World New Orleans, January 6-8, 2017 - 214 views New Models Open at D'Andrea Tomorrow - 197 views Lennar's Schulz Ranch in Carson City Grand Opens With Great Success - 160 views Dexter Cast to Make First Ever Appearance Together At Wizard World Comic Con Cleveland, St. Louis - 149 views Mobile | Home | Latest Press Releases | Feeds | Get Alerts | Journalist Account | PR Newswire Distribution | Privacy | TOS | Contact | Copyright | About
