Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Apple Didn't Waste Billions on Its Buyback Program, but These Companies Did If you want to point your finger at a company that has bought back lots of stock with little effect, look at these six companies instead of Apple. Tyler Crowe (TMFDirtyBird) Sep 19, 2016 at 12:04PM Image source: Getty Images. Can we still call it a "hot take" when some financial pundit takes a swipe at Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) for its massive stock buyback program? If you follow any financial talking heads on Twitter, you may have noticed that any percentage-point dip is a chance for them to say something about the tech giant's wasting shareholder capital or not being able to time the market.  For all the criticism that Apple gets flung its way for buying back loads of shares, at least those buybacks are doing what they are designed to do: lower share count. The same can't be said for every company with multibillion-dollar stock buyback programs. Some of the biggest and most profitable companies in America have spent tens of billions of dollars over the years on share repurchases, but they have little to show for it. Not all share repurchase programs are created equal Apple's share buyback program is actually a fairly recent development in the context of the company's entire lifespan. The buyback program started in earnest in 2012. Since then, the company has spent $127 billion on share repurchases. As a result, it has reduced its total shares outstanding by 17.5%. When you consider that the overall market cap of Apple is a staggering $639 billion, the amount spent on share repurchases and what it has netted isn't that bad, especially when you compare it to other stock repurchase programs, like Procter & Gamble's (NYSE:PG)  Over the past 20 years, Procter & Gamble has spent $96 billion on its share repurchase programs. When you consider that the amount is a significant portion of the company's $230 billion market capitalization, you would think that $96 billion would buy a decent amount of shares over such a long time horizon. During that time, though, the company's share count has decreased by less than 4%. The biggest difference between the efficacy of Apple's and Procter & Gamble's stock repurchase programs has a lot to do with their stock compensation programs. In the time that Apple has deployed that $127 billion on share repurchases, it has issued about $2 billion worth of stock for employee stock options. Procter & Gamble, on the other hand, has issued more than $20 billion worth of exercised stock options during that time, as well as another $6 billion in stock-based compensation. Keep in mind, too, that exercised stock options on a cash flow statement do not account for the full value of that stock, so the total share impact of those options is much greater than what the company's cash flows indicate. It's pretty safe to say that, to an individual investor in Procter & Gamble, the $96 billion in share repurchases has not been of a huge benefit. Much of that benefit has been taken back by stock-based compensation to the company's employees. I don't mean to suggest Procter & Gamble is the sole company spending large amounts on stock compensation relative to the amount spent on share repurchases, because it is much more common than you might think. Here is a list of companies that have spent staggering amounts of money on share repurchase programs in relation to their market caps, but at the same time have issued large sums of shares through exercising stock options that have led to rather paltry share-count reductions. Company Market Cap Total Spent on Share Repurchases 1996-2016 Total Cash Received for Exercised Stock Options (1996-2016) Total Share-Count Change Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) $320,300 $76,792 $20,785 3.1%  Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) $161,900  $79,644  $17,366  (28%) Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) $153,200  $99,661 $34,116  (14%)  The Coca-Cola Company (NYSE:KO) $177,900  $44,294  $29,434 (13%) Wells Fargo & Company (NYSE:WFC) $222,500  $67,304 $57,499  64% Data source: S&P Global Market Intelligence. All results in millions. Another thing I should also be clear about is that issuing stock options isn't the only reason for tepid share-count reductions or, in some cases, increases. Many of these companies have used their own stock as currency in major acquisitions, such as Procter & Gamble's $54 billion deal for Gillette in 2005, Cisco's $6.9 billion deal for Cerent in 1999, and Wells Fargo's $15 billion purchase of Wachovia in 2008. Overall, though, larger chunks of these companies' buyback programs have been eaten up by issuing of stock options compared to what Apple has done over the past four years. What a Fool believes This isn't to say that any of the companies that have spent billions on share repurchase programs with little in share-count reduction to show for it are bad investments. On the contrary, over a 20-year time frame, all of the companies listed here, with the exception of Coca-Cola, have outpaced the S&P 500 on a total-return basis. So clearly these companies are doing something right, and the impact of their share repurchases and issuances on performance has been marginal. PG Total Return Price data by YCharts. The bigger message here is that the critics who give Apple flack for its buyback program overlook those companies with buyback programs that have had little effect over the long term. So far, Apple is onto something with its share buyback program. As long as it doesn't fall into the trap of shelling out generously on stock option programs that erode share-count reductions, then long-term investors won't be complaining much about the company's buying back stock. Tyler Crowe owns shares of Apple. You can follow him at Fool.com or on Twitter @TylerCroweFool. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Johnson and Johnson, and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Oracle and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple, short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple, and short October 2016 $50 calls on Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems, Coca-Cola, and Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Tyler Crowe (TMFDirtyBird) Columnist for fool.com. Follow @TylerCroweFool Article Info Sep 19, 2016 at 12:04PM Financials Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $110.18 up $0.23 (0.21%) Oracle NYSE:ORCL $39.80 down $0.45 (-1.12%) Coca-Cola NYSE:KO $40.94 down $0.18 (-0.44%) Cisco Systems NASDAQ:CSCO $30.20 up $0.15 (0.50%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $115.21 down $0.56 (-0.48%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $52.78 up $0.29 (0.55%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $82.11 down $0.96 (-1.16%) Read More 1 Massive Opportunity for American Express Company Beyond Apple, Here's What Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Is Buying and Selling MasterCard Earnings Charge Ahead as Global Spending Soars 3 Stocks Carl Icahn Is Selling 5 Things Visa Inc's Management Wants You to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Hotline: 096 8383388 - QC: 096 3386868 | BÁO LAO ĐỘNG | VINH QUANG VIỆT NAM | DOANH NGHIỆP VÌ NGƯỜI LAO ĐỘNG Video Thời sự - Xã hội Công đoàn Thế giới Pháp luật Kinh tế Văn hóa - Giải trí Thể thao Du lịch - Khám phá Công nghệ Sức khỏe Tư vấn pháp luật Con người Biếm Tin tức việc làm Xuất khẩu lao động Địa chỉ học nghề Tư vấn lao động Tin tức trong ngày Kỹ năng mềm Người & Nghề Người tìm việc Việc tìm người Du học Việc làm Mobile P&G tuyển dụng nhiều vị trí thực tập & Fulltime 2016 LĐ Đ.N.V 4:30 PM, 19/09/2016 Đọc nhiều Vinamilk tuyển dụng nhân sự tháng 11.2016 BHD Star Cineplex Vincom Phạm Ngọc Thạch tuyển dụng nhiều vị trí Part-time 2016 Tập Đoàn Shiseido Việt Nam Tuyển Dụng Nhân Viên Phòng Quản Lý Và Điều Phối Sản Phẩm 2016 VinCommerce thuộc VinGroup tuyển dụng thực tập sinh Tổ chức sự kiện - Phát triển văn hóa doanh nghiệp Nhiều vị trí tuyển dụng tại Maison Retail Management International tháng 11.2016 Ngân hàng VietBank thông báo tuyển dụng tháng 11.2016 Báo Lao Động P&G là tập đoàn hóa mỹ phẩm toàn cầu có trụ sở tại bang Ohio, Hoa Kỳ. Theo Fortune 500, năm 2014, tập đoàn P&G giành vị trí thứ nhất trong danh sách “Các công ty được ngưỡng mộ nhất thế giới” trong ngành hàng tiêu dùng. SALES - Section / Business Development Manager - Viet Nam-SLS00001494 Description Sales Managers influence our customer's decisions in critical business areas by using conceptual selling techniques and data-based presentations. This involves developing product ranging, shelving, pricing and promotion strategies, based on research that gives us insight into what drives shopper purchase behavior. Sales Managers design business plans which will deliver sales and market share objectives and help customers to develop programs which will build the business for them and for us. Job Responsibilities will involve:  Sells in brand/category program, trade projects to the customer. - Leads execution of holistic merchandising plans for assigned categories/territories. - Develop and enhance productive relationship with the customer particularly in the commercial department. - Training distributor people. Manages promotional budget assigned to them. Cover stores.  To learn more about this career path, click here. Qualifications Willing to relocate is a must. FRESH Bachelors at ANY backgrounds but should have LESS than 3 years experience.  Job: Sales Primary Location:Vietnam Schedule:  Full-time ------------------------------------------------------------ PRODUCTION - Process Engineer - Vietnam-ENG00001863 Description For our plant in Binh Duong,  we look for Process Engineers who enjoy working on challenging technical tasks and in interdisciplinary teams.  Your major tasks will be: Leading technical projects, meeting project deadlines, taking cost responsibility, controlling technical data Specification, planning, installation and start-up of new machines Supporting engineering department in developing new equipment Electrical responsibility for production equipment, planning and cost-effective design of improvements (safety, quality, productivity) Technically instructing other employees with respect to installaion, start-up and optimization of production equipment Preparing and updating technical documentation We offer: An exciting and versatile range of tasks with a quickly increasing responsibility in a highly motivated team  A motivating and professional work environement Excellent opportunities for your personal and professional development, also with the P&G Company Attractive salary and wide range of employee benefits Qualifications University degree in electrical / automation / mechanical engineering or related fields Very good analytical skills and readiness of mind Strong extracurricular engagement Enjoying design and work on automation tasks Strong communication skills, assertiveness, ability to work in a team and leadership skills Being proactive and flexible Strong coordination skills Good English communication Job: Engineering Primary Location: Vietnam Schedule:  Full-time ---------------------------------------------------- HR - HR Internship - Binh Duong-HR 00002817 Description What is the Dream P&G Internship? The Dream P&G Internship is a flagship program offered to promising and driven undergraduate students interested in growing as a leader by stepping into the shoes of a P&Ger for two months. You will get to join our HR Department in Ben Cat Plant (Binh Duong city) – and then receive an individual business project that you will get to work on for the period of your internship. HR Internship will take place between September to December2016. All interns are expected to complete a minimum of two months of continuous internship work for this period. Candidates who require internships longer than 2 months or different timeline may be accommodated upon request as long as they meet the selection criteria for the program. What’s in it for me? Get the full experience of being a P&Ger by working on a live business project that you will own, lead, and deliver Experience a truly global work environment – interacting daily with P&Gers from various backgrounds, nationalities, and markets Attend leadership colleges and functional trainings delivered by some of the best, most experienced P&G leaders recognized in the industry Get continuous mentoring as you learn-on-the-job when you are assigned your own P&G Manager and Intern Buddy to coach and guide you throughout the way Feel like a true leader by presenting your work to P&G senior executives during your midpoint and final presentations Receive compensation for your work, because P&G offers monthly paid internships  Get the chance to receive a Job Offer from P&G for a full-time management position in the department you interned in, even before you graduate Qualifications University students graduating in 2017 and are interested in pursuing HR internship with P&G Has experience working with groups through formal or informal positions of leadership (ex. student organization, varsity, thesis) Is driven to overcome barriers or setbacks to consistently deliver strong results Feels comfortable collaborating with people from different levels, backgrounds and experiences  Is able to use their analytical ability to drive insights from data and come up with business or organizational decisions Has strong passion to continuously stretch themselves to learn new things and grow as a professional Job: Human Resources Primary Location: VN-Binh Duong Schedule: Full-time ---------------------------------------------------- MARKETING - Marketing Specialist - 1 year contract-BRM00000568 Description Liaise with external agency to manage the local marketing activities for the brand, including but not limited to: demo, hospital programs, PR activation, design, maximization, shopper marketing, promotion bundling execution. Support the brand team with translating and vetting all Vietnamese related translation for execution assets (articles, videos, TVCs …) Qualifications University Graduate Fluent in English & Vietnamese (oral & written) Passionate in marketing, a good team player who can work with diverse group of people Experience in activation and design is highly preferred Job: Marketing/Brand Management Primary Location: VN-Ho Chi Minh City Schedule: Full-time  -------------------------------------------------------  Xem thông tin tuyển dụng và ứng tuyển TẠI ĐÂY Hạn cuối: 15/10/2016 [QC] Đăng tin tuyển dụng, tìm việc làm nhanh, uy tín tại trang Việc Làm Báo Lao Động. Từ khóa P&G Tuyển Dụng Nhiều Vị Trí Thực Tập Fulltime 2016 Toàn Quốc Chia sẻ Chia sẻ Bình luận Xếp theo: Nóng Mới nhấtLike nhiều Vui lòng sử dụng tiếng Việt có dấu HủyTrả lời bình luận Gửi Tin nổi bật 50 cơ hội việc làm lương hấp dẫn tại Tập đoàn Viễn thông quân đội Viettel Tổ chức Tư vấn quản lý dự án (PMC) thông báo tuyển dụng nhân sự làm việc cùng với PMC Sở Văn hóa, Thể thao và Du lịch Vĩnh Phúc thông báo Kế hoạch thi tuyển viên chức năm 2014 Video xem nhiều nhất Top 5 showbiz: Hoàng tử Anh William ngồi vỉa hè uống cà phê phố cổ Hà Nội Thông tin doanh nghiệp Bi hài chuyện săn hàng khuyến mãi cuối năm Công ty Cổ phần Allunee và OTC Max tổ chức trao quà cho những gia đình đặc biệt khó khăn tại Hà Tĩnh Nghiên cứu mở đa Trung tâm về dòng sản phẩm Dr Michaels® Thảo dược trong điều trị vảy nến Thanh Hóa: Xây dựng khu trung tâm thương mại Bắc Nam VINAMILK RA MẮT WEBSITE THƯƠNG MẠI ĐIỆN TỬ “GIẤC MƠ SỮA VIỆT” Vinamilk – trưởng thành từ tầm nhìn xuất sắc Hàng chục ngàn du khách kéo về Tuyên Quang tham dự Ngày hội Bia Hà Nội Vinamilk 40 năm Vươn cao Việt Nam Bấm để xem các ấn phẩm của Lao Động E-paper LĐ số 271/2016 Số đã đăng : LĐCT số 47/2016 LĐ số 270/2016 LĐ&ĐS số 32/2016 Video Nóng 24H Live độc quyền Thời sự Thế giới Giải trí Thể thao Khám phá Công nghệ Hài & Lạ Tôi chia sẻ Thời sự - Xã hội Chính trị Xã hội Giáo dục Nói hay đừng Công đoàn Hoạt động Tiêu điểm Góc nhà trọ Tôi chia sẻ Cách làm hay từ cơ sở Chúng tôi là cán bộ công đoàn Kinh tế Tiền tệ & Đầu tư Bất động sản Thị trường Xe+ Doanh nghiệp - Doanh nhân Tư vấn pháp luật Góc nhìn luật sư Đối thoại chính sách Công nghệ Tin nóng Di dộng Sản phẩm số Bảo mật Thị trường Vũ khí Việc và người tử tế Pháp luật Thế giới Thế giới qua ảnh Người Việt xa xứ Hồ sơ Văn hóa - Giải trí Văn hóa Giải trí Du lịch - Khám phá Thế giới đó đây Vi vu Tự sướng Ăn uống 360 Sức khỏe Y tế Dinh dưỡng - ẩm thực Sống khỏe Làm đẹp Thầm thì Phóng sự Biếm © 1999 - 2016 Báo Lao Động - Cơ quan của Tổng Liên đoàn Lao động Việt Nam. All rights reserved. Tòa soạn 51 Hàng Bồ, Hà Nội Giấy phép số: 221/GP-BVHTT Địa chỉ liên hệ: Số 167/15, Tây Sơn, Hà Nội, Việt Nam Về đầu trang Liên hệ Tòa soạn Hàng Bồ: 04-3825 2441 * Tây sơn: 04-3533 0305 Báo Điện tử: 04-3533 5238 * Email: toasoan@laodong.com.vn Quảng cáo: 04-3923 2694 (Báo in) / 04-3533 5237 (online) Đường dây nóng: 096 838 3388 . Ban Bạn đọc: 04-3533 5235 Báo Lao Động giữ bản quyền nội dung trên website này. Báo điện tử Lao Động được phát triển bởi ePi Technologies © 2015
null
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska National Restaurant Association Announces Multi-Year Sponsorship with Procter & Gamble Professional Sponsorship will focus on promoting food safety education and awareness across industries News provided by National Restaurant Association Sep 19, 2016, 12:05 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, Sept. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Today, the National Restaurant Association announced that Procter & Gamble Professional will be a multi-year sponsor of National Food Safety Month (NFSM), the Association's industry-wide food safety awareness initiative. NFSM, held annually in September, was created in 1994 by the Association to heighten awareness about the importance of food safety education. "We are pleased to welcome P&G Professional to our food safety family," said Dawn Sweeney President and CEO of the National Restaurant Association. "Our commitment to food safety and training for the industry shines through our nationwide ServSafe certification program and NFSM continues to be a successful way to promote industry awareness. Our new sponsorship with P&G Professional highlights the synergy between our two organizations in providing clean, safe environments for American diners." Now in its 22nd year, the extensive, industry-wide campaign offers free resources for foodservice industry professionals. "P&G Professional understands the critical role that cleaning products and suppliers play in protecting guests and employees against food borne illnesses, and we are proud to be a sponsor of National Food Safety Month," said Paul Edmondson, Commercial Director, P&G Professional.  "Cleanliness is the first thing guests notice and it can also help boost a restaurant's image and drive revenue by improving repeat business and loyalty." As part of its sponsorship, P&G Professional will be a sponsor of NFSM through 2018. To join the conversation, follow @ServSafe on Twitter and use the hashtag #FoodSafetyMonth. For more information and resources on NFSM, visit: FoodSafetyMonth.com. About Procter & Gamble Professional P&G Professional is the away-from-home division of Procter & Gamble, serving the foodservice, building cleaning and maintenance, healthcare, hospitality, food/drug/mass, and convenience store industries. P&G Professional offers complete solutions utilizing its parent company's scale, trusted brands and strengths in market and consumer understanding. P&G Professional features such brands as Dawn® Professional, Mr. Clean® Professional, Comet® Professional, Spic and Span® Professional, Bounty®, Safeguard®, Febreze® Professional, Swiffer® Professional, Tide® Professional, and its own brand, P&G Pro Line®. Please visit http://www.pgpro.com for the latest information about P&G Professional's solutions and services. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20131202/MM26024LOGO-b   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-restaurant-association-announces-multi-year-sponsorship-with-procter--gamble-professional-300330187.html SOURCE National Restaurant Association Oct 24, 2016, 10:00 ET Preview: National Restaurant Association Announces Terry Erdle as Chief Revenue Officer Sep 15, 2016, 09:00 ET Preview: National Restaurant Association Announces New Marketing and Communications Leadership My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 15, 2016, 14:51 ETNational Restaurant Association now Accepting Submissions for... Nov 14, 2016, 16:46 ETNational Restaurant Association, American Hotel & Lodging... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Restaurants Retail You just read: National Restaurant Association Announces Multi-Year Sponsorship with Procter & Gamble Professional News provided by National Restaurant Association Sep 19, 2016, 12:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 18/11/2016 21:26:02 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   business Last update 06:00 | 20/09/2016    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Foreign sector scooping up Vietnam FMCG market The foreign sector continues to scoop up more of the market for consumer goods like ice cream, food, drinks, clothing, footwear, toiletries and household supplies, according to the Ministry of Industry and Trade (MOIT). At a recent business forum in Hanoi, Phan Chi Dung of the MOIT told a capacity audience that the growth of the foreign sector in the market for so called fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) has really put the pressure on domestic brands. Mr Dung, who is the general director of the MOIT Light Industries Department, said FMCG are consumer goods that people use every day and purchase frequently that have a useful life of less than one year. More durable goods that have a useful life of more than one year and a slower sales frequency such as household appliances, furniture and home improvement products are referred to as slow-moving consumer goods (SMCG). The competitive landscape for FMCG is being shaped by large transnational consumer packaged goods (CPG) companies the likes of US-based Procter & Gamble (P&G), Unilever, L’Oréal and Nestlé. These large companies, said Mr Dung, have invested large amounts of money into research and development of their brands and fine-tuned their products specifically to meet with Vietnamese consumer tastes and demand. Many of these CPG companies are manufacturing their products in China and Thailand and shipping them into Vietnam, which accounts for increased exports in the latest official figures from these two countries. In addition, brands from Japan and the Republic of Korea have made significant headway into the local FMCG market as evidenced by the proliferation of convenience stores in the nation’s major cities. At the forum there was considerable discussion about the lop-sidedness of the market penetration achieved by the foreign sector in reference to development in the nation’s urban and less densely populated rural areas. There was general consensus by the panel of government and economic leaders at the forum that the increased market share achieved by the foreign sector is largely confined to the urban areas, consistent with a 2015 Nielsen forecast. There was also much speculation as to why Vietnamese are choosing foreign made goods over locally produced. Some members of the panel and audience suggested consumers have simply lost faith in the food safety of locally produced goods. Others said they thought Vietnamese brands were of equivalent quality and price but that foreign companies did a much better job of advertising and marketing their products and truly ‘branding’ them in the mind of the Vietnamese consumer. Mr Dung, suggested local companies selling FMCG adjust their sale strategies to concentrate more heavily on the rural areas in the short term while they strategize how to compete more effectively with the savvier CPG and other foreign products entering the market. VOV Foreign sector scooping up Vietnam FMCG market, vietnam economy, business news, vn news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, vn news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, Vietnam breaking news,   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Safe farm produce supermarkets open in Hanoi Gold rises, dollar dips in Vietnam following Trump’s victory PM approves equitisation of State power firms IP builders shape FDI infrastructure Vietnam Airlines to offer more flights on Hanoi – HCM City route Ministry accuses Vinastas of breaking Food Safety Law VIB to get listed on UPCoM in 2017 Bitter rivalry in Vietnam’s coffee shops Korean bankrupt shipping firm leaves containers in Vietnam Hyosung hoping to invest $1.2bn in Ba Ria Vung Tau     Top Stories Multi-billion dollar affairs shake up aviation industry Russian cars enter Vietnam, slow sales predicted Heavy flooding in HCM City blamed on poor planning, design Measuring TV ratings – the duel between TNS Media and MIC Collections by young designers at Vietnam Spring-Summer Fashion Week 2017 The most beautiful Dong Son bronze drum Beautiful Vietnam through Rehahn’s lens Quang Ba night flower market Vietnamese fans to see Modern Talking in November Real estate investors pour money into Da Nang City Latest News Illegal bear trade still persists in Vietnam Mother Goddess worship performed in Malaysia GDP may contract 0.6 percent annually due to disasters, pollution President’s visits to boost ties with Italy, Vatican, Francophone US launches $10 million species saving project in Vietnam Vietnam to hold tourism promotions overseas 4,200 prisoners to receive pardon Singaporean film wins the “Autumn Meeting Grand Prix” in Da Nang Former environment minister takes responsibility for Formosa disaster Gov’t issues decree to increase minimum wage from 2017     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
    Class AAA   8George Washington at  1Martinsburg      10South Charleston at  2Spring Valley      12Hurricane at  4Morgantown      14Jefferson at  6Capital    Class AA   8Lincoln at  1Bridgeport      10Keyser at  2Mingo Central      6James Monroe at  3Point Pleasant      13Weir at  5Fairmont Senior    Class A   8Williamstown at  1East Hardy      7Gilmer County at  2St. Marys      6Wheeling Central at  3Fayetteville      12Pendleton County at  4Tolsia    High School FootballALL SCORES   About Us Our People Advertising News Sports Shows WV Poll Outdoors Manchin attends Martinsburg job fair Share Article By Hans Fogle in News | September 19, 2016 at 3:21PM MARTINSBURG, W.Va. — Hundreds attended a job and resource fair in Martinsburg Monday hosted by WorkForce West Virginia and U.S. Senator Joe Manchin (D, W.Va.). More than 100 companies and organizations took information from job seekers throughout the four hour long event at the Foxcroft Towne Center. Manchin said there is an obvious demand from employers in West Virginia. “Everyone I talk to, they’re all hiring,” Manchin told WV MetroNews affiliate WEPM. “We just need more workers who want to work.” The fair also featured tools to help job seekers develop their careers such as GetReady Resources, as well as a MilitaryZone, which will provided information about getting an education through the military, or the military service academies. Manchin said WorkForce West Virginia was instrumental in the fair and in continuing to help put West Virginians to work. “They’re working every day trying to place West Virginians, and people in surrounding states, Maryland and Virginia, in the best jobs we can.” One of the big draws at the fair was Procter & Gamble, the company building a manufacturing site in the Tabler Station Business Park in South Berkeley County with the promise of hundreds of new jobs. Human Resources Department leader for the new site Ryan Moore said the posting for new jobs was posted again Monday morning, just in time for the fair. He said they plan to hire 300 people by this time next fall. “Depending on the business need by month and when we need to be hiring we’ll make the decision on what the amount is at that time,” he said. The applications they collect now are to be reviewed in January. Moore said they will start hiring in late winter or early spring. Another new company looking to hire a total of 140 people was there as well. Area Manager of the new Chili’s restaurant in Martinsburg Bill Libby said Martinsburg is the place to be. “This economy is booming right now with the Procter and Gamble coming in, the mall being revamped and reimaged,” he said. “We want to be a part of it.” Libby said they are looking for another 100 employees before they open in two weeks. Manchin said despite a steady flow Monday there are challenges to overcome, including an epidemic of drugs that prevent many from entering the workforce. “We’ve got to start getting this population clean,” Manchin said. He hopes to pass legislation to help fund increased rehabilitation and educational outreach programs with a once-cent tax per milligram of prescribed narcotics. Manchin said it could put more than $1 billion into such efforts.   Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Hans Fogle hfogle@wvradio.com Hans Fogle grew up in Martinsburg, W.Va. He began his radio career while seeking a degree in mass communications at Shepherd University. He worked at several stations in West Virginia until 2008, when he took over as news director at WEPM. He currently lives in the Eastern Panhandle with his family. Use a Facebook account to add a comment, subject to Facebook's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Comments Most Popular FEMA commits to replacing five schools destroyed in June flood West Virginia's best offensive game 'still out there' — might need it soon WVU student accused of stabbing roommate Feds reveal charges in DOH pay-for-play scheme © 2016 West Virginia MetroNews Network 1111 Virginia Street East, Charleston, WV 25301 Powered by Advertise with Us Contact Careers EEO Affiliates Intranet Privacy Policy Subscribe to Email Alerts Mobile Site Latest Newscasts News | Sports Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Concerned about where stocks are going? Here's some advice USA TODAY 9/17/2016 Mark Hulbert © Nicolas McComber/Getty Images A man checks stock market quotes on his tablet and in the newspaper. Nicolas McComber/Getty Images Have the stock market’s big drops over the last week convinced you that we’re now in a bear market? If so, you might want to favor consumer staples stocks and avoid financials. Popular Searches Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 763.06 +6.66 +0.88% Walt Disney Co DIS ▼ 98.49 -0.88 -0.89% Abercrombie & Fitch Co ANF ▼ 14.24 -2.69 -15.89% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 68.71 -0.48 -0.69% And if you instead are giving the bull market the benefit of the doubt? Believe it or not, the same advice applies. Ned Davis Research found that, just as was the case with bear markets, consumer staples are one of the better relative performers over the last few months of bull markets — and financials was one of the worst. Consumer Staples, of course, are goods that we need all the time — such as food, beverages and basic household items — and which therefore are relatively resistant to the ebb and flow of the economy. The largest two consumer staples companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 index are Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola. The financials sector, in contrast, is very much cyclical. It consists of banks and other financial service firms. The largest bank in the S&P 500, for example, is JPMorgan. In contrast to these two sectors, the fortunes of the other S&P 500 sectors depend heavily on whether we’re in a late-stage bull market or early in a bear market. Consider the consumer discretionary sector, which contains companies such as home improvement retailer Lowe's and online seller Amazon.com. Not surprisingly, this sector is at or near the top of the sector rankings for late-bull-market performance, according to the Ned Davis data — but near the bottom during the first months of bear markets. Before investing in sectors like consumer discretionary it’s crucial to determine whether we’re in a bull or a bear market. Since the vast majority of stock market timers are unable to consistently forecast major market turning points, playing the sector rotation game can be risky. There are several reasons why the performance ranks of the consumer staples and financials sectors are steadier. One reason that consumer staples companies don’t take a big a turn for the worse in bear markets, for example, is that we need the goods they produce no matter how bad our financial situation might become. Higher interest rates are a primary cause of the consistently poor performance of financial stocks at the end of bull markets and the beginning of bears. Rising rates cut into such companies’ profits and, historically, rates have begun to rise several months before bull markets have come to an end. This is particularly relevant today, given the market’s intense speculation that the Federal Reserve might raise rates as soon as its meeting on Sept. 20-21. Even if you are uncertain whether the bull market has ended or will do so soon, you might be able to sleep more easily at night by reducing your exposure to financials and reinvesting the proceeds in consumer staples stocks. To be sure, you won’t be the first to make this bet. Of the three dozen consumer staples stocks within the S&P 500, in fact, just four have price/earnings ratios that are lower than that of the overall market. But those four deserve a second look: Mondelez International (MDLZ), the maker of snacks and beverages; Archer Daniels Midland (ADM), the agribusiness company; and two major retailers: Kroger (KR), and Walmart Stores (WMT). Mark Hulbert, founder of the Hulbert Financial Digest, has been tracking investment advisers' performances for four decades. For more information, email him at mark@hulbertratings.comor go to www.hulbertratings.com. Go to MSN Home More in Money 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney AdChoices Up Next 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Can Trump undermine abortion rights? Not so fast USA TODAY 7 history lessons that help explain the Dakota Access Pipeline protests USA TODAY Luke Kuechly offers thumbs up Friday USA TODAY Seven must-see cars at the L.A. Auto Show USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter

For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Munshi Ahmed/Bloomberg Unilever to Buy Cleaning-Products Company Seventh Generation Nick Turner SFNick Thomas Buckley tgbuckley September 19, 2016 — 12:16 PM EDT Updated on September 19, 2016 — 12:54 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Deal follows speculation that Unilever may acquire Honest Co. Transaction brings bigger presence in natural-product category Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Unilever agreed to acquire Seventh Generation Inc., a Vermont-based company known for natural and eco-conscious cleaning products. Seventh Generation posted sales of more than $200 million last year, with compound annual growth in the double digits over the past decade, Unilever said in a statement Monday. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. The transaction is part of a push by Unilever to claim more of the natural section of supermarket aisles. Millennials have increasingly sought out upstart brands that are seen as being environmentally friendly, putting pressure on some traditional wares. Unilever considers Seventh Generation a “purpose-driven brand,” akin to its Ben & Jerry’s and Dove products. “This addition to Unilever’s product portfolio will help us meet rising demand for high-quality products with a purpose,” Nitin Paranjpe, president of Unilever’s home-care division, said in the statement. Seventh Generation -- promoted by comedian Maya Rudolph in ads -- sells detergents, dish cleaners and other products that are free of artificial fragrances and dyes. The lineup may help Unilever mount a bigger challenge to market leader Procter & Gamble Co., said Ali Dibadj, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein. ‘More Pressure’ “We have for a long time been very impressed by Seventh Generation in terms of its management, its innovation and bringing to the consumer what it is they want,” he said. “It puts a little more pressure on companies such as Procter & Gamble to offer what the consumer wants in terms of environmentally friendly products.” Unilever previously has expressed interest in buying Honest Co., a person familiar with the situation said last week. That company -- co-founded by actress Jessica Alba -- also has a natural focus, though it concentrates more on baby care and personal-hygiene products. That raises the question of whether the Seventh Generation deal will affect those deliberations, Dibadj said. “On one hand, it does suggest they’re interested in this sort of business,” he said. “On the other hand, it feels like they’ve now already made a bet in that space.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Seventh Generation Inc Vermont Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Growth Strategies > Unilever to Buy Seventh Generation Cleaning-Products Company Unilever to Buy Seventh Generation Cleaning-Products Company Sep 19, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 The transaction is part of a push by Unilever to claim more of the natural section of supermarket aisles. Getty Images Advertisement Unilever agreed to acquire Seventh Generation Inc., a Vermont-based company known for natural and eco-conscious cleaning products. Seventh Generation posted sales of more than $200 million last year, with compound annual growth in the double digits over the past decade, Unilever said in a statement Monday. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. The transaction is part of a push by Unilever to claim more of the natural section of supermarket aisles. Millennials have increasingly sought out upstart brands that are seen as being environmentally friendly, putting pressure on some traditional wares. Unilever considers Seventh Generation a “purpose-driven brand,” akin to its Ben & Jerry’s and Dove products. “This addition to Unilever’s product portfolio will help us meet rising demand for high-quality products with a purpose,” Nitin Paranjpe, president of Unilever’s home-care division, said in the statement. Popular Now Tesla’s Future in Trump’s World Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why Cutting Edge Technologies Power Cincinnati Industries Seventh Generation--promoted by comedian Maya Rudolph in ads--sells detergents, dish cleaners and other products that are free of artificial fragrances and dyes. The lineup may help Unilever mount a bigger challenge to market leader Procter & Gamble Co., said Ali Dibadj, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein. ‘More Pressure’ “We have for a long time been very impressed by Seventh Generation in terms of its management, its innovation and bringing to the consumer what it is they want,” he said. “It puts a little more pressure on companies such as Procter & Gamble to offer what the consumer wants in terms of environmentally friendly products.” Unilever previously has expressed interest in buying Honest Co., a person familiar with the situation said last week. That company--co-founded by actress Jessica Alba--also has a natural focus, though it concentrates more on baby care and personal-hygiene products. That raises the question of whether the Seventh Generation deal will affect those deliberations, Dibadj said. “On one hand, it does suggest they’re interested in this sort of business,” he said. “On the other hand, it feels like they’ve now already made a bet in that space.” Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles ConAgra to Buy Bertolli, P.F. Chang’s Frozen Meals Businesses from Unilever Samsung to Buy US Home Automation Startup SmartThings Toray Industries to Buy US Carbon Fiber Maker Zoltek Cos. Pfizer to Buy Antibiotics Business From AstraZeneca Siemens to Buy US Software Maker Mentor for $4.5 Billion Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Pacific Leaders Urged to Defend Free Trade after Trump Win Emirates Says Rolls-Royce A380 Engines Not Up to Agreed Standard VW to Eliminate 30,000 Jobs in Landmark $3.9 Billion Savings Pact Trump Says Ford Called to Say Keeping SUV Plant in Kentucky Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Ford Sees Bumps Ahead with Used-Car Glut, Trump Presidency More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek These Industries are the Future of Additive Manufacturing Ford Sees Bumps Ahead with Used-Car Glut, Trump Presidency What a President Trump Might Mean for the Internet of Things CEOs, Leaders Urge Trump to Stand by Climate Pact IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Reimagining Safety in the Connected Enterprise Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 68° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely this morning. Then the chance of scattered thunderstorms this afternoon. Morning high of 68F with temps falling to near 50. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Some clouds. Low 36F. Winds WNW at 15 to 25 mph. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: November 18, 2016 @ 11:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 The Associated Press This undated photo provided by Carnival Corporation shows hosts Andrea Feczko on the far left and Tommy Davidson on the far right taking a selfie with the Geoghegan family on a Mediterranean cruise to Greece. Feczko and Davidson are hosts of "Vacation Creation," one of three new shows produced by Carnival Corp., showcasing vacation and travel connected to cruising. "Vacation Creation," which will begin airing on The CW network this fall, features personalized vacations for individuals, couples or families who have faced hardship or are in need of hope or quality time together. (Carnival Corporation via AP) The Associated Press This undated photo provided by Carnival Corporation shows Josh Garcia in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, taking a selfie with a local resident dressed in costume to greet cruise passengers in a scene from a new show airing on NBC this fall called "The Voyager with Josh Garcia." The show is one of three new shows produced by Carnival Corp., showcasing vacation and travel connected to cruising. Josh Garcia hosts the show, which explores the history and culture of various ports through meetings with locals. (Carnival Corporation via AP) Carnival Corp. taking over Saturday morning TV with 3 new travel shows Miami Herald Sep 19, 2016 (…) The Associated Press This undated photo provided by Carnival Corporation shows hosts Andrea Feczko on the far left and Tommy Davidson on the far right taking a selfie with the Geoghegan family on a Mediterranean cruise to Greece. Feczko and Davidson are hosts of "Vacation Creation," one of three new shows produced by Carnival Corp., showcasing vacation and travel connected to cruising. "Vacation Creation," which will begin airing on The CW network this fall, features personalized vacations for individuals, couples or families who have faced hardship or are in need of hope or quality time together. (Carnival Corporation via AP) The Associated Press This undated photo provided by Carnival Corporation shows Josh Garcia in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, taking a selfie with a local resident dressed in costume to greet cruise passengers in a scene from a new show airing on NBC this fall called "The Voyager with Josh Garcia." The show is one of three new shows produced by Carnival Corp., showcasing vacation and travel connected to cruising. Josh Garcia hosts the show, which explores the history and culture of various ports through meetings with locals. (Carnival Corporation via AP) MIAMI • Saturday mornings are going to Carnival Corporation. The cruising giant is breaking new ground in the cruise industry with the production of three travel-related TV shows set to appear on major networks on Saturdays starting Oct. 1. The cruise company, headquartered outside Miami, announced the programming Monday — scheduled to air on ABC, NBC and The CW — designed to introduce more travelers to the possibility of a cruise vacation. Each lifestyle series sets out to capture a different aspect of the cruising experience. “Ocean Treks with Jeff Corwin” will take viewers adventure-hunting around the world with the Emmy-winning host. “The Voyager with Josh Garcia” will focus on authentic local experiences with the video journalist. “Vacation Creation” will feature comedian Tommy Davidson and YouTube star Andrea Feczko as they try to create memorable vacations for deserving families, individuals or couples. All share one common thread: Recurring images of the ships across Carnival Corp.’s 10 brands. “It all began right there on that ship!” calls out Jeff Corwin after scaling 1,500 feet on Cadillac Mountain in Maine during a teaser for “Ocean Treks.” Beneath him, viewers see Holland America’s 1,350-passenger MS Veendam. On “The Voyager,” Josh Garcia concludes a day of exploration by heading “back to the ship to swap stories and plan the adventures ahead,” while images of Carnival Cruise Line ships roll by in a teaser. And in a trailer for “Vacation Creation,” a family gets a tour aboard a Princess Cruises ship on a trip to Italy. Using TV or visual media to market content is not new across industries (Procter and Gamble created soap operas to show case their products, for instance), but it has become a growing trend, said Sam Slaughter, vice president of content at Contently, a New York-based content marketing technology company. “(Producing TV shows) tends to be less expensive and it tends to yield higher returns. You are just paying for the production as opposed to paying to reach the audience (like with a commercial),” Slaughter said. “The idea that brands can do that kind of thing is starting to gain more traction … and the travel industry is ripe for this.” In the past, cruise ships have been featured in documentaries and scripted television shows, such as “The Love Boat,” but Carnival Corp.’s approach is novel, said Colleen McDaniel, senior executive editor of trade publication CruiseCritic.com. “Taking a reality television approach to showcasing cruise travel is something that is unprecedented,” McDaniel said. “It will give viewers a deeper, inspirational look at the entire experience, and that’s something we haven’t really seen before.” Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Central to a shows’ success is its ability to feel authentic while promoting a Carnival vacation, said John Padgett, chief experience and innovation officer at Carnival Corp. “All the content we are creating, while it’s definitely entertaining and engaging, the intent is to truly authentically represent what any guest can experience on a cruise,” Padgett said. “The level of brand placement is pure, so there is brand placement there when it’s appropriate.” Padgett, who was one of the chief designers of Walt Disney Parks & Resorts’ MagicBand, said the cruise company’s mission is to envision the next innovation and do things guests wouldn’t anticipate. Stirring excitement for cruising is central in the industry’s battle to catch up to its biggest rival: Land-based vacations. About 24.2 million people are expected to take a cruise vacation by the end of 2016, a slight increase over 2015, according to the Cruise Lines International Association. That’s a small fraction of the billions of vacations expected to take place by the end of the year. In 2015, a record 1.2 billion tourists traveled internationally, according to the UN World Tourism Organization. Five to six billion tourists traveled domestically.  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Cruise Tv Show Carnival Corp. View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Wall Street slips; indexes still near record highs In job growth, blue states outpaced red states in past year Fiat Chrysler teams up with Amazon to sell cars online St. Louis job growth continues at 1990s-like pace Judge dismisses lawsuit that alleged Purina's Beneful sickened dogs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese Prime Minister 'Fired for expressing my conservative views': Fox Houston TV reporter, 25, sacked for sharing pro-Trump and anti-Obama posts on Facebook Bad Santa! Father Christmas is removed from Florida mall after 'telling 10-year-old girl Hillary Clinton is on the naughty list' Desperate search under way for missing week-old baby after her mother is found shot dead in Kansas EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has nothing to do with romance - but Solange's elevator attack on Jay-Z was 'straight up' over another woman Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't 'You are a despicable bottom feeding wretched disgrace of a person': Bride to be is shocked to receive insulting email from wedding desserts company after she failed to answer their calls 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will wake up alone in America How will Nick Gordon get $36M? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets collections lawyer so her ex cannot profit from her death, vowing to collect full judgment in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or early starts) Trump appoints immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions as attorney general and House Benghazi committee member Mike Pompeo as CIA director National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Trump open to naming former rivals - including Romney, adviser reveals  Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow justices inventing 'newly discovered rights' Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's shock election win 'His approach was f****** genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an end to week of chaos Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and Michelle' Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who the next President is for ten days  EXCLUSIVE: Peter Thiel has created a secret database called the 'Plum List' to screen and 'fast-track' top talent who have shown loyalty to Trump - and come from OUTSIDE the Beltway  Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Previous Next Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, Cisco, McDonald's and Western Union give cash to the Clintons at last outing for foundation's 'Initiative' at center of pay-to-play claims The Clinton Foundation's final Clinton Global Initiative kicked off today in New York City and still attracted a handful of corporate donors  The Clintons have been under fire for their charity, as Hillary Clinton's emails reveal that foundation donors had access to her top aides Critics, including Republican nominee Donald Trump, suggest that the foundation allowed people to pay-to-play with Hillary's State Department  This year's CGI will be the last, as Bill Clinton winds down his role in the foundation in case the former secretary of state wins the White House By Nikki Schwab, U.s. Political Reporter For Dailymail.com In New York, Ny Published: 15:06 EST, 19 September 2016 | Updated: 17:52 EST, 19 September 2016 e-mail 72 shares 70 View comments A number of big-name corporations have donated to the Clinton Global Initiative, which kicked off today in New York City and is the last of its kind, as Bill Clinton slowly steps away from his foundation in case wife Hillary Clinton wins the White House.   Corporate sponsors include Hewlett-Packard, McDonald's and Western Union, with the CGI also partnering with Microsoft, Cisco and Procter & Gamble. And while the confab isn't nearly as CEO-studded as in years past, bosses from Sony, GlaxoSmithKline, Cisco and Unilever are slated to speak. The Clinton Global Initiative is part of the Clinton Foundation, which has become controversial within the context of the presidential campaign as Hillary Clinton's rival Donald Trump and his allies have pointed fingers at the charity, suggesting there was some pay-to-play when the Democratic nominee was secretary of state. Scroll down for video   Former President Bill Clinton kicked off a final Clinton Global Initiative today in New York as he begins winding down his foundation's work in case Hillary Clinton wins the White House  Former and perhaps future first daughter Chelsea Clinton was on hand at the Clinton Global Initiative today, which still attracted a handful of corporate donors amid pay-to-play claims Hillary Clinton's emails show Clinton Foundation donors getting access to her top aides, but no correspondence has yet to prove that special favors by government employees were carried out.  Still yet, this year's conference is a diminished version of itself. Yes, there are celebrities, world leaders and CEOs, but it's not the power players meet-up that once warranted a Forbes article on what to wear, as even Hillary Clinton – likely for political purposes – is skipping out, like she did last year.  Gone are the Republicans – like New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, now tasked with running Trump's transition team, and Carly Fiorina, who ran for president as well – who have appeared in the past.  Not coming is President Barack Obama, even though he's in New York for the U.N. General Assembly and is attending a number of political fundraisers. And also vanished are some corporate sponsors from years before including The Coca-Cola Company, Monsanto, ExxonMobil, Deutsche Bank and Samsung.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Clinton donors DID give money to get access to Hillary... Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are TIED in polling average... Chris Christie denies that Donald Trump kept the 'birther'... 'Absolute nonsense!' Mike Pence calls claims that Donald... Share this article Share 72 shares Instead, a liberal favorite, Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards, will appear on a panel.  Chief executive officers coming include Kazuo Hirai of Sony, Sir Andrew Witty of GSK, Paul Polman of Unilever and John Chambers, Cisco's former CEO who's now the company's executive chairman.   The celebrities in attendance are all liberal stand-bearers.  There's U2 frontman Bono and actor Ben Affleck, along with rocker Jon Bon Jovi, who helped Hillary Clinton campaign during the Democratic primary against Sen. Bernie Sanders in New Jersey.  Bill Clinton lamented having to give up his foundation, and in turn CGI, during an interview recorded last night with NPR. 'It's hard, but, you know, if Hillary is elected I'm looking forward to it,' he said. 'And you know, we always say in response to our critics, that nobody in my family ever took a penny out of this foundation and put millions of dollars in,' Clinton said, trying to set the record straight.  But over the course of the interview he also admitted that at least some of the Clinton Foundation donors probably did so to gain access to the Clintons, with a Clinton White House 2.0 in mind.  'Well, since we had more than 300,000 donors it would be unusual if nobody did,' Bill Clinton said.  'It was natural for people who've been our political allies and personal friends to call and ask for things,' Clinton said. 'And I trusted the State Department wouldn't do anything they shouldn't do, from a meeting to a favor.'  'And so it didn't surprise me that people would call from time to time and maybe some of them gave money for that reason, but most of them gave it because they liked what we were doing because they knew me,' he added. Read more: What To Wear: Clinton Global Initiative 2014 Annual Meeting 2016 Annual Meeting Sponsors | Clinton Foundation Share or comment on this article e-mail 72 shares Most watched News videos Autistic boy bursts into tears on stage as teacher snatches microphone Good pup! Adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Locals react to earthquake in Wanaka, New Zealand Aerials of a Peruvian tribe living in their traditional way in the jungle Autistic boy gives enthusiastic 'gobble' after teacher took mic Daughter confronts mum who filmed her perform sex act on dad 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? PA at City insurance firm glasses recruitment consultant Peruvian government makes first contact with isolated tribe Best of friends? A polar bear pats a dog just like a human Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice... The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still... New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor... We're not letting EU go! German finance minister warns that... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned... Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite... Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as... Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip... Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when... Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel... Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and... Father called 911 to report a quadruple murder-suicide after... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat 'His approach was f***ing genius': Kanye West is booed at a concert after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he 'would have voted for Trump' Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Everyone loves Grand Tour... except the BBC! Corporation is mocked over pompous review of Clarkson's $200m show as 'uncomfortably hubristic'  Targeted workouts, protein-packed meals, and meditation: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for this year's Victoria's Secret Fashion Show  Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' 'I don't think he's dead': The moment Shining star Shelley Duvall tells Dr Phil she believes Robin Williams is still alive as a 'shapeshifter' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four 'It could've been a lot worse': Charlie Sheen says ex-wife Brooke Mueller and twin sons 'fine' after breakdown Traumatic week for the former family Game Of Thrones star Lena Headey's bitter custody battle with ex-husband continues 'as she argues their son must stay with her in UK for filming' How Rome-antic! Affectionate Kate Upton and Justin Verlander go sight-seeing at the Vatican as their Italian love-fest continues Snuggled up 'Don't say I didn't warn you': Eddie Redmayne pokes fun at his Fantastic Beasts character in hilarious Late Late Show skit with James Corden Queen Maxima is in VERY high spirits as she steps out to visit a butchery demonstration in the Netherlands Was shown how to carve up a carcass Caped crusader! Princess Mary of Denmark looks chic in black as attends a charity engagement in Copenhagen Wisely wrapped up Monochrome magic! Queen Letizia of Spain looks stunning in simple separates as she and husband King Felipe VI welcome guests at their Madrid palace  Johnny Depp poses for fake mugshot as he lends his star power to powerful new campaign hoping to free imprisoned Ukrainian filmmaker Perrie Edwards displays her ample cleavage in racy lingerie shoot alongside Little Mix bandmates...after Gigi Hadid 'urges her to "get over" Zayn Malik' 'He knows what he's doing': Paris Hilton supports her friend Donald Trump as US president and tells everyone to 'just be happy' 'There is nothing to say:' Mel B gets 'frustrated' talking about a Spice Girls reunion... and says it won't happen until 'everybody gets their a*** in gear' Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Shoes.com was the first to announce move 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make Following Trump's shocking election Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's election  Interested in move Actress, 52, who had roles in Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Giving the gold shoulder! Kate Beckinsale looks mesmerizing in svelte Dior gown at Guggenheim gala One stunning woman Who says black is boring? Sophie Countess of Wessex looks chic as she unveils a painting at the Royal Military Academy Queen's daughter-in-law Hilaria Baldwin showcases her ample cleavage in plunging frock as she and husband Alec attend Natural History Museum Gala 'It's all real!' Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi hits back at 'body shaming' critics... after she was caught Photoshopping her Instagram snaps Stripes and sisterhood! Hailee Steinfeld makes a bold fashion statement at powerful women's event  Earned her stripes Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event She is 41 'Best thing I ever did': Kaley Cuoco on how a nose job, boob job and fillers in her neck helped boost her confidence Actress, 31, plays Penny in Big Bang Theory Seeing red! Flame-haired Lindsay Lohan parties in a skimpy dress and fur coat during a night out in London She wrapped up 'It's all gone!' Ruby Rose talks about her physique in upcoming xXx sequel... and reveals girlfriend Jess Origliasso is waiting backstage Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Sarah Paulson sparkles in floral print dress while discussing playing Marcia Clark with co-stars at Hollywood event Looked sensational Marky Mark and the funky bunch of hair! Wahlberg shows off long locks... as Michelle Monaghan sparkles in elegant gown at Patriots Day premiere 'Cutting loose!' Lily Collins debuts her new fringed bob as she attends star-studded Stylemakers bash in sizzling red dress Sassy new style Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala Supporter of the arts Crystal-encrusted gown Marilyn Monroe wore to sing happy birthday to JFK sells for a record-breaking $4.8MILLION Wanna be loved by you? Dapper Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, cuddles up to his glamorous wife Sam, 49, at NYC premiere for Nocturnal Animals Quite the pair Jenna Dewan shows off her toned legs in a sexy scarlet thigh-split gown as she and handsome husband Channing attend StyleMaker Awards Sofia Richie shows off her legs in hotpants and thigh-high boots as she arrives at Catch LA The 18-year-old put on an eye catching display on Thursday evening Jessica Lowndes exudes Hollywood glamour in a black and gold one-shoulder gown as she dazzles at boutique launch Stole the show  Multi-billionaire Elon Musk is officially single: Judge grants technology mogul his SECOND divorce from British actress wife He's worth $11billion 'I still call Australia home!' Miranda Kerr looks almost unrecognisable as she sings using a kangaroo Snapchat filter in playful new video Monochrome beauty! Michelle Williams stuns in stylish black dress with white piping at TimesTalks in NYC Promoting Manchester By The Sea Hello petal! Anne Hathaway looks stunning in semi-sheer floral frock at star-studded Guggenheim Gala A supporter of the arts Hollywood royalty! Elizabeth Hurley flashes her cleavage through sheer lace top as she and Royals castmates join Mario Lopez for Extra interview Bumping along! Natalie Portman keeps it casual in T-shirt and maternity skinny jeans while shopping in LA The 35-year-old actress opted for a casual look Pretty little thing! Kylie Jenner flashes major skin in underwear set in celebration of the Kylie Cosmetics holiday collection reveal Took to Instagram I luh ya papi! Jennifer Lopez kisses ex-husband Marc Anthony onstage as she delivers gushing tribute to the singer at the Latin Grammy Awards Jennifer Lopez shows off her phenomenal figure in racy sheer jumpsuit on Latin Grammy Awards red carpet On the red carpet Why DO stars demean their sex by pulling X-rated faces? It's the new must-have selfie - come-to-bed eyes and a half-open mouth. SARAH VINE says it's pathetic  Kristen Stewart makes a quick costume change on Savannah set of Lizzie Borden biopic with Chloe Sevigny Spent her day slipping into costume  98 Degrees of cute! Nick Lachey posts adorable flashback photo of himself and bandmate brother Drew in 'ugly sweaters' as youngsters  Girls best friend! Olivia Culpo sparkles at diamond launch in New York... and showcases an interesting cut of dress  The 24-year-old sparkled Woman who lost lawsuit accusing NBA star Derrick Rose and his friends of gang raping her appeals verdict Appealed on Thursday Mariah's World in crisis! Claims James Packer is 'demanding' to be edited out of ex-fiancée Carey's reality TV series A messy split 'My proudest moment in college': Lions player DeAndre Levy brags about breaking 'dirtbag' coach Joe Paterno's leg in 2006 Lions linebacker  Former bodyguard's lawsuit accusing Elton John of sexual harassment is dismissed by court in Los Angeles The Piano Man 'It would be fun': Paris Hilton reveals she's 'thinking about' bringing back and starring in The Simple Life  She hinted at a return for the reality show 'I am beyond proud!' Khloe Kardashian celebrates selling out one of her denim styles by showing off her pert posterior  Taking to Instagram  A toy from daddy? Lionel Richie's daughter Sofia, 18, is behind the wheel of a white Ferrari as she takes a male friend to lunch in LA Hitting the road Don't mess with Ruby! Rose SMASHES leering man's head against a bar in The Veronicas' music video she starred in with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Taking the plunge! Karlie Kloss channels vintage Hollywood glamour with partially sheer, low-cut dress for ritzy Guggenheim event She is 6ft 2in  'He wanted to throw a party': Kylie Jenner and Tyga's son King Cairo wish rapper an early happy birthday Shared a sweet Snapchat video Adventures in babysitting! Rob Kardashian gets daddy training with Scott Disick in sneak peek of KUWTK A preview clip  Ooh la la! Maksim Chmerkovskiy's fiancee Peta Murgatroyd poses in a black bra and tiny thong for a sexy pregnant selfie Gave fans an eyeful Becky G shows off her toned legs in revealing gown at the Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas The 19-year-old wore a very revealing gown Drinking their lunch! Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth are both spotted picking up cool beverages in Los Angeles Beverage stop 'It's been a roller coaster': Kristin Cavallari plans to spend first anniversary of brother's death with her family 'It's been tough' Red head-turner! Amy Adams scintillates in sexy scarlet gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NY Red is definitely her color! Rob Lowe reveals to Ellen DeGeneres he was told he was going on a blind date with Madonna... but it was only a trick He was gutted 'He has a huge crush on her!' Mariah Carey's relationship with backup dancer is revealed in her show... and their chemistry is so intense it has her team worried Paris Hilton hints at firing her assistant who caused passport disaster that saw hotel heiress delayed ahead of her Australian tour Get a good deal? Olivia Munn looks overjoyed in striped top and black leggings after some shopping in West Hollywood Donned shades She's got some front! Isla Fisher takes the plunge in skintight sequin gown at Nocturnal Animals premiere in NYC She is 40 Victoria Beckham models new World AIDS Day charity T-shirt featuring daughter Harper's drawing on Instagram She's a mother-of-four JAN MOIR: Where's the Beauty in this Beastly feminist version of Disney?   Review: 'Emma Watson gets a bit carried away with herself'  'I got to oil her up and after we ate In-N-Out!': Kim Kardashian's friend describes desert shoot while sharing never-seen-before half-naked image Life's a beach for Gigi! Ms Hadid wows in a cut-out gown for glamorous photo shoot in Malibu She felt the wind in her hair 'There's only today': Zoey Deutch experiences serious déjà vu in high school in new trailer for Before I Fall Sneak peek She gave her glam squad the day off! Makeup-free Gwyneth Paltrow, 44, looks youthful as she drives to meeting with Jessica Alba Shannen Doherty, 45, visits reconstructive surgeon after mastectomy... as she reveals she's headed for more radiation Shared a clip School run! Bethenny Frankel carries a mug of coffee as she heads out with daughter Bryn, six, in Manhattan The Real Housewives Of New York star  Father Of The Bride star Kimberly Williams-Paisley announces her mom has died after decade-long battle with dementia Heart-breaking Multi-talented! Stranger Things' Millie Bobby Brown, Finn Wolfhard and Noah Schnapp all star in new music videos Huge Netflix hit 'Not Today Satan!' Kesha wears a black leather jacket with a pointed message on the back as she jets out of LAX with her beau Slogan fashion Fighting on the street! Game Of Thrones star Kristofer Hivju, 37, is caught having tense argument with wife Gry, 46, during shopping trip Fiery redheads! You glow girl! Amy Adams wears festive yellow top as she arrives at Ed Sullivan Theatre in NYC to tape The Late Show With Stephen Colbert 'Singing in the rain!': Adrienne Bailon shares more photos from Paris wedding to Israel Houghton while offering closeup of her diamond ring Andy Cohen recalls Jennifer Aniston and John Mayer's 'awkward' run-in and claims the Friends star can't stand her ex seven years after their split Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the vandalism   Used a sledgehammer  Allison Williams, Freida Pinto and Kuoth Wiel strip down to racy lingerie in David O. Russell-directed silent short film for Prada Showing some skin Working mama! Katherine Heigl flashes her baby bump on the set of her TV show Doubt as she has only two months left to go Cameras rolling Jennifer Lawrence battles gravity while swimming on a spaceship in dramatic new clip from Passengers Looked out of this world! Gold rush! Paris Hilton dazzles in glitzy sequined ensemble as she promotes new perfume in Melbourne as she gears up for Down Under DJ tour Scott Disick's model ex-girlfriend is arrested after brutal brawl with her best friend and fellow catwalker in their New York apartment Australian beauty Megan Blake Irwin 'When your Calvins gape': Instagram star Skye Wheatley shows off her VERY slim figure as she complains that her lingerie is too big for her Jools pic prompts Jamie Oliver's mother to share her chef son's secret   Jamie Oliver's wife, Jools, posted this photo online  Liv Tyler shows off her trim figure in head-to-toe black and racy lace-up boots as she enjoys another night out in London...after partying with David Beckham  Already dieting! Blac Chyna reveals she's lost 15lbs since Dream was born a week ago and is now 177lbs... but she wants to get down to 130lbs 'God said be fruitful and multiply!' Mariah Carey's ex Nick Cannon confirms he's expecting a baby with former Miss Universe contestant Brittany Bell Cate's got cleavage! Ms Blanchett flashes her assets on Ocean's Eight set as it's revealed her old friend Matt Damon is making a cameo A Lannister always pays his debts! The five main stars from Game Of Thrones 'to earn $1.1million per episode of season seven and eight' Frock stars! Emma Stone, Jenna Dewan and Lily Collins dazzle in stunning dresses at star-studded Stylemakers bash Gracing the red carpet  Rita Wilson reminisces about her 1988 wedding with Tom Hanks in new video for her song Even More Mine  Her new video featured a wedding day snap He's Supa Dupa Fly! Ceelo Green channels Missy Elliott in bizarre leather outfit as he steps out with fiancée Shani James  In Washington DC  Lottie Moss cosies up to boyfriend Alex Mytton on the dodgems as the pair attend Winter Wonderland launch in Hyde Park Kate's sister Margaret Cho cites shocking social media threat in filing for restraining order from 'severely controlling and abusive' ex-boyfriend  The 47-year-old comic  A little Ray of light! Jaime Winstone cradles her adorable baby at the launch of Winter Wonderland She's the daughter of Brit actor Ray Winstone Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Julia Roberts sells Hawaii home for $16.2m ... nearly 50 PER CENT off original asking price The 49-year-old actress has sold her oceanfront home 'My partner in crime!' Jason Momoa sends wife Lisa Bonet a sweet birthday message after nine year anniversary The on-screen tough guy is really a sweetheart! Charlie Sheen responds to ex Brooke Mueller's 'hospitalization and psyche evaluation' with bizarre poem Gave odd statement when asked about her Revealed: New Saved By The Bell tell-all claims Tiffani-Amber Thiessen romanced both Mario Lopez and Mark-Paul Gosselaar But Lopez 'cheated' Tiny mama! Mother-of-three Hilaria Baldwin does handstand in Daisy Duke shorts to promote her new book Gave birth to newest son just two months ago Bobbi Kristina Brown's boyfriend Nick Gordon is ordered to pay $36million in damages for the wrongful death of Whitney Houston's daughter Still glowing! Jenna Dewan-Tatum looks stylish in rose-colored workout gear that flashes her taut tummy during stroll in LA Rocking active-wear  It's in his genes! Sean Penn and Robin Wright's 23-year-old son Hopper signs with top talent agency as he follows in his parents VERY famous footsteps Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC The former president  Thanksgiving with ALL the trimmings - and NO lumpy gravy! Do turkey day the right way by following MARTHA STEWART'S top tips for an unforgettable feast Babes on board! Shanina Shaik is joined by fellow former Victoria's Secret Angel Chanel Iman as they fly to the Bahamas in a private jet Still got it! Barbra Streisand, 74, sizzles in sexy shoot as she reveals she met James Brolin 'on a blind date' and calls Marlon Brando her 'biggest crush' Is there ANYTHING she can't do? Fitness star Kayla Itsines shares the secrets of Instagram success... and reveals she's broken five world records Steal Gigi Hadid's look! Celeb make-up artist Lisa Eldridge collaborated on a brand new filter that will give you a model-worthy make-over in one snap Sheer leaders! Bella Thorne and lookalike sister cheer on LA Clippers in eye-popping outfits Made sure all eyes were on them I'll be home for Christmas! Simon Cowell takes time off to enjoy Winter Wonderland opening with Lauren Silverman and their sweet son Eric 'Fresh tan': Christina Milian sheds her clothes for a naked mirror selfie to show off her glowing skin after a spray tan session Proud of her body Perfect 10! Jennifer Lopez, 47, wears skimpy swimsuit while reclining on diving board for poolside photoshoot Earned a perfect score on the board! 'It's absolute euphoria': Sarah Jessica Parker reveals her desire to give birth again as she describes it as the 'greatest' experience of her life Putting on The Ritz! Downton Abbey's Laura Carmichael adds a sprinkling of glamour to iconic London venue as she attends exclusive fashion launch Back to blonde already? Amber Rose lightens up after two days of wearing a shocking pink color Can't seem to make up her mind Mariah Carey shimmers in silver while filming concert at Disneyland... as she is joined by THAT back-up dancer No stopping her! Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, calls cancer a 'dream killer' in heartbreaking Instagram post after being diagnosed with prostate cancer 'I bumped into Vince Vaughn and he said sequel': Isla Fisher reveals there will be a Wedding Crashers 2 as she hits Today show Exciting news! Bill Clinton enjoys a starry night out at a Manhattan film premiere while downtrodden Hillary gives a speech in DC Tale of two cities... Is THIS the real Hillary? Mrs Clinton drops her soft aesthetic and adopts a sterner look following her defeat in the US presidential election 'He grabbed my head and shoved my face in his crotch': Gretchen Carlson details the sexual assault she suffered after being crowned Miss America No time to put on a coat! Ivanka Trump dashes out of her New York apartment in a sleeveless dress after sharing photo of Theo dressed as a teddy bear Showstopper! Eiza Gonzalez puts on sexy display in revealing sheer gown at film awards in Mexico City Looked absolutely fabulous I now declare you open! Cara Delevingne officially launches new fashion outlet on the site of the World Trade Center Was in high spirits Kendall Jenner takes a dig at baby Dream's name and says North is her favourite as she ranks her young relatives' unusual monikers Thanksgiving outfits inspired by Gigi Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio and Olivia Palermo that will look cute and accommodate your holiday food baby! Meryl Streep 'set to earn $825,000 PER EPISODE for role in TV adaption of bestselling novel The Nix' Latest A-lister to turn to  the small screen Call her Kylie Claus! As Jenner reveals an extensive new holiday-inspired cosmetics collection, FEMAIL details why this is her best launch yet Walking in a Winter Wonderland! Eva Longoria gets into the Christmas spirit as she shares a laugh with BFF Victoria Beckham's son Brooklyn in London Irina Shayk shows off sensationally slender figure in pleated LBD as she jets to Madrid to celebrate 20th anniversary of Intimissimi store Naomi Watts steps out for low-key stroll after scathing reviews of her 'achingly inept thriller' Shut In Kept her eyes hidden under shades Kelly Rohrbach puts on a leggy display and checks herself out while trying on a festive fall dress  She spent the summer in a red one-piece Picking up some tips? Tennis fan Romeo Beckham, 13, shares a laugh with dad David as they watch Jamie Murray's doubles match in London CNN host Anderson Cooper reconciles with brother he had not seen for 38 years - after a bizarre dispute over their mother Gloria Vanderbilt's therapist Newly-single Bella Hadid flashes rippling abs in crop top and retro double denim as she steps out solo in NYC Showed her ex what he was missing Pregnant Tori Spelling cuts a casual figure in a white blouse and jeans while shopping with husband Dean McDermott on his 50th birthday Girls' night out! Jessica Biel lets her hair down in a chic jumpsuit as she parties with pals... while Justin Timberlake babysits their son Silas Went to a celeb hotspot 'Project Runway' celebrity hairstylist George Ortiz commits suicide in his New York apartment Was found dead in his Hamilton Heights home Bollywood actress and model is tear-gassed and beaten up by masked intruders at neighbouring Paris apartment to where Kim Kardashian was robbed  Johnny Manziel silently walks out of court wearing a suit and sneakers after reaching deal with prosecutors to DROP charges he assaulted his girlfriend Tom Hanks is joined by 'miracle on the Hudson' pilot Chesley Sullenberger and his wife Lorrie for London premiere of his movie Sully 'My wife makes beautiful babies': Brian Austin Green shares rare photo of infant son Journey River... after reconciling with Megan Fox     DON'T MISS Blooming lovely! Geri Horner, 44, showcases her blossoming bump in chic turtle neck top as she enjoys day out with husband Christian Former Spice Girl 'I'm very sick, I need help!' The Shining star Shelley Duvall's struggle with mental illness is revealed as she claims Robin Williams 'is not dead' Diesel casts transgender models for its latest campaign (but insists they're more than just 'hype')  Ads feature Loiza Lamers and Ben Melzer Khloe Kardashian is 'very serious' with Tristan Thompson and has even said 'I love you'... despite split rumours "Stronger than ever' Sexy at 62! Christie Brinkley flashes her long legs in knitted mini-dress on NYC night out... before turning heads in Seventies-inspired ensemble 'We never dated': Eddie Redmayne reveals Taylor Swift auditioned for a role in Les Miserables as he clears up romance rumors  Began because of film 'I don't give energy to this': Marion Cotillard shoots down Brad Pitt rumours and admits she didn't take them personally Spoke on Today Show 'I've known him since I was a little girl, so yes': Paris Hilton reveals she voted for Donald Trump in the US election during appearance on foreign TV show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Drew Barrymore, 41, looks fit in sports bra and shorts as she frolics with friends in Mexico after losing 20lbs Tiffany Trump takes a break from the endless guests at Trump Tower as she grabs a smoothie with her Secret Service detail in tow  Soon to be first daughter What a rearly nice compliment! Hugh Grant told Andie MacDowell her 'bottom looks good in a jumpsuit'  Admired her posterior when they were reunited Check out my abs! Sofia Richie bares her midriff for night out with pals in Hollywood  Showed off her taut tum and slender physique at Nice Guy Shakira risks baring all in barely-there bralet with dazzling gold bottoms as she is drenched with water for mermaid-style music video Duchess of Cornwall, Countess of Wessex and Princess Michael of Kent join mourners at a service for Prince Charles's wealthy friend Mark Vestey They didn't rapper very well! Iggy Azalea left in a sticky situation as boob tape FAIL leaves her looking not so fancy at GQ Awards Australian awards Wet T-shirt competition! Iggy Azalea reveals her enhanced assets in a very soaked white top and NOTHING else in extremely racy GQ magazine cover 'As rumors go, it's not the worst!' Jon Hamm addresses speculation he's well endowed after THAT photo sparked discussion about his manhood Sheer sass! Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in a saucy see-through top as she jets into Los Angeles  Made a head-turning arrival My drug-addled, drink-soaked affair with Harrison Ford on the Star Wars set: Carrie Fisher's denied it for years. Now she finally admits what happened  $6m-a-year Mariah Carey 'demands ex pay $5k-per-month into twins' trust fund while she pays nothing'... and they can't call anyone else 'mummy or daddy' Blake Lively shows off her slim postbaby body in plunging dress two months after giving birth at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards She's a mom-of-two That's one stylish family! Queen Letizia of Spain is given a run for her money in the sartorial stakes by her mini-me daughters in Madrid A VERY fashionable Sophie Wessex makes friends with an adorable little boy as she opens a school in England She is Queen Elizabeth's daughter-in-law  Is that a signature or scribble Leo? DiCaprio produces illegible autograph for fans while visiting Edinburgh cafe for the disadvantaged His humanitarian work  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Swank walks arm-in-arm with mystery man just four months after her broken engagement to Ruben Torres Charlie Sheen's ex Brooke Mueller 'is hospitalized for a psych evaluation after turning up barefoot in a bar with their twins and getting in a fight with the nanny Kendall Jenner reveals not throwing up was the highlight of her 21st birthday...after Khloe Kardashian admits she was so drunk she forgot she got a Rolls-Royce 'I never said he was bad in bed - or any other furniture': Carrie Fisher DENIES calling Harrison Ford a poor lover Blamed a misread on her new autobiography Tom Hiddleston swaps suave tailoring for a gorilla suit as he gets pranked into dressing up as King Kong by Jimmy Kimmel Funny moment 'She hopes her new music can inspire healing, peace and unity': Katy Perry 're-writing album to include songs about US presidential election' Partners in crime! Sandra Bullock and Cate Blanchett are seriously in character as they shoot scenes for Ocean's Eight Both are Oscar winners Leonard Cohen died in his sleep at his LA home after suffering a fall The 'Hallelujah' and 'Bird on a Wire' singer-songwriter died on November 7. He was 82 Life imitating art! Real-life girlfriends Ruby Rose and Jessica Origliasso have a bath together and get frisky in bed as they star in The Veronicas VERY steamy new music video The magic of a push-up bra! Paris Hilton puts on a VERY busty display in a plunging red dress in Australia... after denying plastic surgery rumours On a tour there A vision in white! Princess Charlene looks typically chic as she and Prince Albert hand out parcels to refugees ahead of celebrations for National Monaco Day Canceled! Duck Dynasty announces the 11th season will be the last after five years on the air It premiered in March 2012  Monochrome magic: Emma Roberts keeps it casual in skinny jeans and a white shirt as she grabs a bite to eat  Looked effortlessly glamorous Making friends! Prince William bonds with a cuddly rhino as he speaks against illegal wildlife trade in Vietnam Shook hands with mascot Megyn Kelly keeps smiling as she promotes her new book 'Settle for More' in New York while trolls savage her in coordinated attack on Amazon 'Pardon me, could you say that again?': Dallas star Linda Gray reveals she couldn't understand her British soap co-stars when she first arrived on set Sarah Paulson plays yet another character on American Horror Story: Roanoke finale as Lee Harris is last to die Ended with destruction of the haunted house Proud parents! Lara Bingle cradles her newborn son in New York alongside her husband Sam Worthington shortly after giving birth EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Emily Ratajkowski goes topless as she whips off her cheeky swimsuit on Mexican beach break Feeling hot, hot, hot! 'Classy stripper': Kim Zolciak takes teenage daughter Brielle for sexy dance lesson on Don't Be Tardy Not the usual bonding experience Ricky Martin shows off engagement ring as he takes to the stage in Las Vegas hours after announcing plans to wed Arab artist Jwan Yosef Tyre-d of the scandal? Harrison Ford forgets his troubles as he enjoys a motorbike ride in wake of Carrie Fisher Star Wars affair revelation Work it! Mel B flaunts her rippling abs in bright pink workout gear as she boxes with a personal trainer ahead of the X Factor Semi Final Ab-tastic! Nina Agdal is back to the grind post-holiday sweating it out at Soul Cycle and looking great doing so Positively beaming during her workout Pregnant Marion Cotillard dresses her blossoming bump in a velvet smock dress with latex boots for Dior event Velvet sensation Quite the lady! Paris Hilton puts on a sophisticated display in an elegant black frock as she steps out in Melbourne...after THAT passport blunder Loved-up Liv Tyler rocks a chic autumnal look as she and fiancé Dave Gardner attend London fashion bash Had a rare night off parenting duties Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her youthful good looks as she wows in little black dress for Hollywood dinner She never fails to rock a black dress Sheer delight! Braless Alexa Chung puts on a racy display in transparent blouse and blazer ensemble as she attends glitzy Dior bash in New York 'Who?' Paris Hilton awkwardly shuts down a question about her 2003 fling with Rob Mills... after he claimed they kept in touch for a YEAR after hook-up Lily-Rose Depp puffs on a cigarette as she grabs fast food with boyfriend Ash Stymest Picked up her parents' habits Woof woof! Alice Eve shows off her lacy lingerie in sheer top as she takes her adorable pooch for a walk in LA She looked every inch the blonde bombshell  Kong's monstrous opponents reveal themselves in new trailer for Skull Island... as does comic relief John C Reilly The King is back! The return of Marky Mark! Wahlberg gets ripped after dropping 16 pounds for Transformers role on season premiere of Walhburgers Packing a punch! Bella Hadid showcases her tiny waist and toned abs as she endures a grueling boxing workout Looking abs-solutely fabulous  Kisses from NYC! Pregnant Marion Cotillard covers up her baby bump in THREE outfits while on promo tour for Allied She is 41 Low key love! Kate Mara and Jamie Bell rock some sweats as they recover after a glamorous night out The couple ran errands around West Hollywood 'Kate Middleton recommended it': How Michelle Obama stays youthful with a $54 'organic Botox' gel thanks to a tip from the Duchess His leading lady! Hollywood legend Warren Beatty plays supporting role to wife Annette Bening as she's honored at LA's AFI Fest Special recognition  Upset model Kate Upton posts angry tweets after fiance Justin Verlander fails to win Cy Young Award Award is going to Rick Porcello Coco Rocha dons bulky bomber jacket at star-studded Canada Goose opening in New York City At101 Wooster Street in the Big Apple Back to the plan! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are living together' and she is now hoping for 'a fourth child' They have three kids Fee-fi-fo-fum! Eva Longoria is dwarfed by towering Karlie Kloss as they attend L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards In NYC Janelle Monae shines next to acting veterans Taraji P. Henson and Octavia Spencer in new Hidden Figures trailer Held her own with Hollywood veterans  Mel B unmasked: Scary Spice, 41, looks tired as she goes makeup free during a stroll in Sydney and appears stressed as she checks her phone  The layered look! Patrick Schwarzenegger and girlfriend Abby Champion bundle up for a lunch date in Santa Monica From plastic surgery controversy, Twitter wars and bizarre speech about her 'award-winning vagina': How 2016 hasn't been so great for Iggy Azalea Obama to award Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 recipients, including Abdul-Jabbar, DeGeneres, Hanks, De Niro, Springsteen and Jordan  Demi Lovato cuts a casual figure as she jets out of Los Angeles... after appearing to confirm romance with UFC fighter Luke Rockhold Hollywood stars Matt Damon and Margot Robbie star in elite private school's end-of-year video wishing girls good luck on their exams Needs more practice! Khloe Kardashian lets niece North West apply her make-up... and ends up getting her chest lip-glossed Getting lessons Airing her dirty laundry! Bella Thorne washes her clothes with sister Dani during casual outing in LA The 19-year-old actress kept it casual  Muchos besos! Becky G shares a smooch with soccer player boyfriend Sebastian Lletget at the Latin Grammy Person of the Year Award On the red carpet Just like mummy! Elsa Pataky wears matching bell-bottom trousers with daughter India Rose Hemsworth as they visit Byron Bay farmers' market  Peace! Blac Chyna shares new photo of Dream as it's claimed arrival of the little girl 'has ended those nasty fights with Rob Kardashian' An Unbreakable bond! Pregnant Janet Jackson 'to pay tribute to brother Michael when she names her baby' It is unknown whether she is having boy or girl So happy together! Gwen Stefani beams with joy as she strolls in LA with beau Blake Shelton and her son Apollo Wore a slogan top Megyn Kelly reveals that Roger Ailes' WIFE personally asked her to defend the disgraced Fox News CEO as she poses for sexy new photo spread Awkward! Rose Byrne looks very uncomfortable as the Today show presenters call long-term partner Bobby Cannavale her husband... TWICE Thumbs up for The Money Team: Boxing champion Floyd 'Money' Mayweather drops by Trump Tower to pay the Donald a visit Visit on Wednesday 'She doesn't answer any of my texts': Jon Gosselin claims ex-wife Kate won't tell him where his son Collin is Former reality star's shocking revelation Peek-a-boo! Lily Collins flashes some skin in pretty white and blue crochet dress as she promotes movie in NYC The Brit-American actress  Driving her batty! Adele flaps her arms then breaks down in hysterics after winged mammal attacks fan during concert in Mexico  There's a new momager in town! Kim Kardashian takes over manager duties as Kris Jenner struggles with the workload Sneak peek of show Double-fisting! Charlotte McKinney carries two beverages from Starbucks as she accents her svelte legs in torn jeans Drinks on the go Justin Bieber will make American Music Awards cameo via satellite ensuring no awkward run-ins with ex Selena Gomez He is 22 Golden girl Karlie Kloss stuns in plunging sequin gown at L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The 24-year-old wore a gorgeous gold gown First look at Billions season two unveiled as Damian Lewis and Paul Giamatti prepare to square off once again 'At the end of last season there was just a lot of wreckage' Her second son? Kris Jenner chooses to spend time with Jonathan Cheban rather than Rob Kardashian even though Dream has just arrived Left out! Farrah Abraham is not invited to Teen Mom cruise that Maci Bookout, Kailyn Lowry and Amber Portwood are hosting Controversial reality star In for the kiss! Fifth Harmony singer Lauren Jauregui shares a smooch with another woman and the photo goes viral Image has gone viral It's Keaton, the friendly ghost! Diane, 70, wears bizarre white frock to L'Oréal Women of Worth Awards in New York The legendary actress wore a bizarre frock One of the girls! Reese Witherspoon shines in vibrant pink as she lends her star power to nonprofit that mentors young women She was glowing Kendall Jenner shows off her long legs in skinny jeans as she gets her cameras serviced The 21-year-old model was spotted collecting two cameras  She's back! Kim Kardashian returns to Instagram after jewel heist... but instead of posting she starts to follow old pal Paris Hilton She's a natural! Nicole Kidman dresses down with minimal make-up as she looks delighted to welcome Lion co-star Sunny Pawar to NYC Her biggest fan! Keith Urban nuzzles wife Nicole Kidman's neck as loved up couple celebrate New York premiere of her new film Lion Johnny Depp's daughter Lily-Rose and her British beau Ash Stymest enjoy tacos together... as her bodyguard keeps an eye on them 'She could have done better!': Tom Hanks, 60, jokes his wife of 28 years Rita Wilson settled... even though he's won Oscars and is worth $350m 'It's infuriating how good he is!' Hollywood hunk Chris Evans gushes about his Avengers co-star Chris Hemsworth saying he's 'destined to greatness' 'Stars have all the help they need to shed weight': Chrissy Teigen explains why celebrities lose baby pounds so fast as she stuns in black Mellow in yellow! Vanessa Hudgens wears cheerful colors as she enjoys retail therapy in Los Angeles She embraced the changing seasons  Tatt's new! Iggy Azalea shows off her sleeve tattoo for the first time at the Men of the Year Awards... but has she covered up THREE other inkings?  'You have to be creative!' Patrick Dempsey reveals he and 'sexy and hot' wife Jillian love to make out in their Porsche Grey's Anatomy hunk 'I don't get jealous!': Miles Teller talks losing La La Land role to Ryan Gosling Gave BAFTA-nominated performance in Damien Chazelle's film Whiplash Harrison Ford emerges for first time since Star Wars affair bombshell... as Carrie Fisher reveals how he reacted when she warned him about memoir Prince Harry is set to pay $60,000-a-year for a bodyguard to watch over his girlfriend Meghan Markle after telling of his anger at being unable to protect her No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Throwback time! Kim Kardashian's friend shares never-seen-before photos of the siren in Thailand Stephanie Sheppard shared old photos  Kim Kardashian and Kylie Jenner lead the way as their family are named top-earning reality stars with $122.5M Forbes' list 'I'm not jealous of Kylie!': Kendall Jenner insists she does not compete with anyone, hates drama and is a 'little dyslexic' in new web post Babe in blue! Martha Hunt shows off her tiny frame in little sports bra for Victoria's Secrets Train Like An Angel event Showing off her body That's tight! Chris Hemsworth's muscles bulge underneath his shirt on the cover of Australia GQ - after being named their Man of the Year 'I don't meet any gentlemen anymore': Iggy Azalea appears to take a swipe at ex-fiancé Nick Young after she caught him cheating  Helena Bonham Carter showcases quirky fashion style in NYC in check skirt with black jacket and fluffy scarf She is in the Big Apple to film Ocean's Eight The smile that says she's in love! Hilary Duff beams after a workout session with beau Jason Walsh at Rise Movement gym  RHONY star Jules Wainstein spent $2,000 on Uber in 15 days and racked up a $40,000 credit card bill, her husband claims in bitter divorce Little Ray's got moves like Jagger: Rolling Stone's grandson shows  he's picked up his granddad's rhythm  Two-year-old Ray proved he's picked up his grandfather's moves Madonna gets into the grove with James Corden while filming Carpool Karaoke in New York  The two fooled around in the segment Natalie Portman puts her growing baby bump on display as she goes for a relaxing hike in LA  The talented brunette beauty went for a hike in black yoga pants  Ariana Grande flashes bra in flared dungarees as she leads cast at Hairspray press junket in LA The 23-year-old singer looked fantastic  Glow like Gwyneth! Paltrow details her on-the-go beauty routine, including the skincare rule she breaks to get a young and fresh complexion 'I didn't know I was pregnant': Sharon Osbourne talks about suffering a miscarriage after being attacked by her parents' dogs On her show The Talk 'Best thing that ever happened to me': Jim Parsons writes touching note to celebrate 14th anniversary with boyfriend Todd Spiewak Big Bang Theory star 'I am so happy!' Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, announces that she has entered a courtship with her friend of 15 years, weeks after watching her sister Jinger marry  'Why would you punish something that never even happened?': Tom Brady mocks Deflategate in new Foot Locker commercial What will bosses say?! 'Lavish each other with love': Nicole Kidman reveals the secret behind her ten-year marriage... after hubby Keith Urban declares split rumours 'gibberish' 'The wedding's off': Bachelor's Ben Higgins blindsides fiancee Lauren Bushnell by putting nuptials on hold during therapy session  Trouble in paradise How escape artist David Blaine was shot in the stomach multiple times to prepare to take a bullet in his MOUTH - and why the final trick didn't go as planned  Today's headlines Most Read What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese... 'Fired for expressing my conservative views': Fox Houston TV reporter, 25, is sacked over her pro-Trump and... Bad Santa! Father Christmas is removed from Florida mall after 'telling 10-year-old girl Hillary Clinton is... Desperate search under way for missing week-old baby after her mother is found shot dead in Kansas EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist who adds the lyric has... Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid... 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who... How will Nick Gordon find $36M? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets collections lawyer so her ex cannot profit from... Haitian migrants are released from crowded jails into the US as space inside detention centers runs out Getting married? Read on! The top wedding guest complaints revealed (and NO ONE likes paying for drinks or... Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Benghazi committee member to lead... National Security Adviser pick Michael Flynn sat in on intelligence briefings while advising foreign clients Don't start worrying about the 'apocalypse': What President Obama told his daughters after Donald Trump's... Clarence Thomas welcomes new conservative era on the Supreme Court under Trump and vows to stop his fellow ... Trump's second wife Marla Maples 'is hoping to become a UN ambassador in Africa' after her ex-husband's... Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after revealing that he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted... Keep calm but CARRY ON: President Obama encourages Trump protesters and ignores Republicans' pleas to put an... Obama reveals his post-presidency plan to rebuild the Democratic party and mold 'the next Barack and... Meet the one person in America who doesn't know the election result: Georgia man has avoided finding out who... Something we said, Barack? Obama visits Europe for the last time as US president - but goes to BERLIN and... EXCLUSIVE: Peter Thiel has created a secret database called the 'Plum List' to screen and 'fast-track' top... Donald Trump is RIGHT to demand other NATO members spend more on defence, says alliance's chief  The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad Millionaire activist, 52, who smashed Donald Trump's Hollywood Walk of Fame star could be JAILED for the... Leading Democrats call on Obama to PARDON 750,000 undocumented immigrants covered by the DREAM act - but the... Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get... Trump claims he's saved Lincoln production from being moved to Mexico after talking to CEO - but critics say... Making America Smile Again: Trump Tower is now the hottest selfie spot in New York City MORE HEADLINES Party-boy surrogate 'son' of celeb jeweler and accomplice 'who stabbed to death man who rejected their sexual advances in swanky NYC apartment' appear in court charged with murder The incredible moment an uncontacted Amazon tribe - still untouched by civilisation - stare in wonder at a photographer's plane flying above them New Zealand's earthquake was so powerful the sea floor lifted TWO METRES and exploded through the sand - creating an alien landscape that has left marine experts baffled  We're not letting EU go! German finance minister warns that Britain could still be paying into Brussels coffers in 2030 Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and the older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  Cattle call: A who's who of the political and business elite come and go from Trump Tower as he builds his administration Retailers dump Trump: Firms begin dropping Ivanka's line as GrabYourWallet boycott begins to bite Actress, 52, who had roles Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, Gossip Girl and Ugly Betty commits suicide in her hotel room while on modeling trip to Peru Heartbreaking moment autistic boy, six, is left sobbing when a teacher snatches the microphone from him as he's about to say his line in the school play Cheating girlfriend who said she was staying in a hotel 'alone' is busted by her boyfriend after he spotted her boss' suitcase on the floor in a steamy picture  Trump meets the Japanese Prime Minister with Ivanka and Jared Kushner by his side: Shinzo Abe says he has 'great confidence' in the President-elect after becoming first foreign leader to meet him  Father called 911 to report a quadruple murder-suicide after killing his wife and two young daughters - then took his own life after hanging up Cold comfort: The incredible moment a wild polar bear pets a sled dog in Canada 'If she's brought back to life in 200 years she may not remember who she is': Father of cancer girl, 14, who is first British child to be cryogenically FROZEN fears his dead daughter will be alone in America  'Repulsive and goes against the order of nature': Woman, 27, who pleaded guilty to having sex with a dog will await sentencing behind bars Inside China's 'richest village': The mysterious Socialist town where every resident has '£100K in the bank' - but once you leave you lose everything New York academic who killed herself in her upscale Manhattan condo 'was driven to suicide by a mysterious condition known as sound rage' 'We are going to be all right': Tom Hanks delivers the speech we wish our politicians could make What was Ivanka doing there? Fury as Trump's daughter and husband join him for first meeting with Japanese Prime Minister 'My innocence was stolen from me': Woman confronts her biological parents who sexually abused her to make child porn from age 11 to 13 The face of defeat: A weary-looking Hillary Clinton makes her first appearance since her concession, and admits that 'coming here wasn't the easiest thing for me' and she 'wanted to curl up and never leave the house again' PIERS MORGAN: Memo to millennials, that awful feeling you've got is called losing. It happens. If you want to know how to win, stop whinging for a bit and learn some lessons from Trump 'They want us to be Islamised. They despise our country and our values': Translator at German refugee camp says Muslim migrants display 'pure hatred' of Christians Mom sues her 17-year-old transgender daughter for getting a male-to-female sex change without her permission Inside the isolated Indonesian Dani tribe where women are expected to amputate a finger when relatives die… and the men have some rather eye-catching outfits! EXCLUSIVE: How jeweler-to-the stars Jeffrey Rackover took in 'son', 25, he met at a health club - and his shock as the young man is now charged in the weekend party murder Out of the shadows for the first time in 45 years, the disfigured hermit who hid away from society aged 15 but now faces his demons to pay respects to late Thai king  Trump picks immigration hard-liner Jeff Sessions for attorney general and Benghazi committee member to lead the CIA after naming retired general to national security advisor post The Trump effect? Apple 'could start building iPhones in the US' rather than outsourcing from abroad MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Snapchat at 60 Million Users, and Other Advertising Week Reveals By Garett Sloane - 31 minutes ago Array 0 Trump to Clinton: 'I Notice the Nasty Commercials You Do on Me' By Simon Dumenco - 51 minutes ago Array 0 Is It More Advantageous to Be a Man or Woman in Advertising? Chris Edwards Was Both. 1 hour ago Array 0 Don't Talk to Digital Strangers By Ric Elert, President, Conversant - 1 hour ago Array 0 Wingstop Hires Starcom and Performics as Media Agencies By Jessica Wohl - 1 hour ago Array 0 Why Don't More Women Run Media Companies? By Jeremy Barr - 4 hours ago 0 TV's Data-Fueled Ad Sales: Finding the Signal in the Noise By Jeanine Poggi - 4 hours ago 0 Why Snapchat's Spectacles Can Succeed Where Google Glass Failed By Shelly Palmer - 4 hours ago 0 Don't Talk to Digital Strangers By Ric Elert, President, Conversant - 1 hour ago 0 Old Navy Names Chief Marketing Officer By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago 0 Beer Wars Heat Up as Miller Lite Calls Out Bud Light By Name in Ads By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 What You Need to Know About Social Media in Nine Easy Charts - Yesterday 0 In an Ad Blocking Battle, Whose Side Is Google On? By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Jeep Uses Cat Stevens Song in Unifying Debate Ad By E.J. Schultz - 17 hours ago 0 Business Insider Testing a Reader Paywall, and an Ad-Blocking Response By Jeremy Barr - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Unilever Agrees to Buy Seventh Generation, Continuing CPG Shopping Spree Deal Follows Dollar Shave Club Buy, Reports of Talks to Add Honest Co. By Jack Neff. Published on September 19, 2016. Reprints Reprints Credit: Seventh Generation Most Popular Unilever has agreed to buy Seventh Generation for an undisclosed sum, the company announced today, intensifying efforts to snatch up fast-growing, e-commerce-focused household and personal-care brands. The deal comes months after Unilever agreed to buy Dollar Shave Club in a billion-dollar deal and amid reports it's in talks to buy Honest Co. With annual sales of around $200 million annually, Seventh Generation appears around the size of Dollar Shave Club. Honest Co. is bigger, with sales of more than $500 million last year, according to people familiar with the matter. The 28-year-old Seventh Generation has had double-digit compounded annual sales growth over the past 10 years, Unilever said. And while it's not an e-commerce pure play like Dollar Shave Club, it and other players in the natural/eco-friendly household-products market have for years gotten more than a quarter of their sales online, well ahead of the rest of the consumer package goods industry. Related Stories Unilever in Talks to Buy Jessica Alba's Honest Co. for $1 Billion Unilever Buys Dollar Shave Club for $1 Billion, Opening New Front Against P&G Seventh Generation Selects 72andSunny After Review Maya Rudolph Gets Real in Seventh Generation's New Spot "Seventh Generation has long been a disruptor in the U.S. marketplace, leading the industry in sustainable innovation while attracting new generations of conscious consumers," said Nitin Paranjpe, president of Unilever's Home Care business, in a statement. "This addition to Unilever's product portfolio will help us meet rising demand for high-quality products with a purpose." The deal puts Unilever back into the laundry and household products business in North America, eight years after divesting its old business, and such brands as All, Wisk and Snuggle, to Sun Products. As with Dollar Shave Club, Seventh Generation is a largely North American brand that presents Unilever with an opportunity for global expansion, and Unilever sells such mainstream detergent brands as Omo and Persil overseas. Unilever President-North America Kees Kruythoff said the acquisition expands Unilever's portfolio of "purpose-driven brands like Ben & Jerry's and Dove" and demonstrates the company's commitment to its sustainable living plan, by which it looks to grow while halving the environmental impact of its products by 2030. Seventh Generation CEO John Replogle, who also led Burt's Bees prior to its sale to Clorox Co. nine years ago, said in the statement: "Working together, we are confident we can have a positive impact on the health of billions of people around the world, truly fulfilling our mission of nurturing the next seven generations while transforming global commerce." Mr. Replogle, who along with Seventh Generation board member Laura Klauberg is a Unilever alum, was seen by many as on a mission to sell the company when he came on board in 2011 following a four-year transition period at Burt's Bees under Clorox. But he said at the time that wasn't his mission, and he was at Seventh Generation more than five years before today's news -- considerably longer than the year he spent at Burt's Bees prior to the Clorox deal. Seventh Generation and Honest Co. have been on opposite sides of one natural-products controversy of late. The latter has been criticized and ultimately sued over tests conducted and reported earlier this year by the Wall Street Journal that found the sudsing agent sodium lauryl sulfate in its products despite claims to the contrary. Honest Co. has denied it has SLS. Seventh Generation long has used and disclosed SLS, which it doesn't consider to be at odds with its products' natural positioning. Seventh Generation last year appointed 72 and Sunny as its agency of record and launched a new campaign from the agency, much like Unilever's Axe, which also added the agency last year and tapped it to help launch a new global campaign. In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Shopper Marketing Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
ClickZ ClickZ Intelligence ClickZ Learn ClickZ Live header-ad-slot November 18, 2016 Search Engine Watch Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Toggle navigation Home Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Reports Coalition for Better Ads to make digital ads great again Industry More News 19 Sep 16 | Al Roberts Facebook0 Linkedin24 Google+10 Twitter 34 A new organization, The Coalition for Better Ads, has been launched to “leverage consumer insights and cross-industry expertise to develop and implement new global standards for online advertising that address consumer expectations.” Supported by founding members like Google, Facebook, Unilever, Procter & Gamble, GroupM and the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), the new organization represents the latest effort of players in the online advertising industry to cope with soaring ad blocker usage. According to Randall Rothenberg, the president and CEO of the IAB: Advertising funds the diversity of information, entertainment, and services on the free Internet, but that doesn’t give business a license to abuse the good will of consumers. It is essential that industry create standards to assure that consumers get safe, fast, secure delivery of the sites and services they love. The IAB has already launched an initiative, LEAN, that aims to promote digital ads that light, encrypted, ad choice supported, and non-invasive, and a set of DEAL recommendations that publishers can follow to address ad blocking. The Coalition for Better Ads looks to bring together a broader consortium of ad industry players to identify new standards that can improve the digital ad experience, implement the technologies needed for these standards, and promote the standards so that they’re put into use. The Coalition will work with the IAB’s Tech Lab, which is already involved in implementing technical standards for the online ad industry, so it appears possible that some of the early work of The Coalition for Better Ads will build off of the IAB’s existing work, such as the LEAN initiative, which includes plans for ad scoring technology that can be used to determine whether ads meet the target user experience standards. Is the industry too late? While research shows that most consumers are not opposed to online advertising on principle, the continued growth of ad blockers reflects the fact that large numbers of consumers are simply fed up with the bad apples and would rather block all ads by default. Absent broad change that can protect consumers from the bad apples, it seems unlikely that ad blockers are going away. And now that one of the most popular ad blockers is getting into the ad business with the launch of an RTB platform, the situation is becoming more complex, which could make it more difficult for organizations like the IAB and The Coalition for Better Ads to effect broad change. The good news is that the industry isn’t helpless. Consumers are willing to disable their ad blockers when asked under the right circumstances, so while they wait for the industry-wide solutions The Coalition for Better Ads aims to deliver, publishers can fight back by producing high-value content and taking responsibility for the ads that they serve. Al Roberts is a staff writer for ClickZ and SEW Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Related reading How to minimise the interaction cost of your web forms Completing a web form online takes time and effort. This effort can be minimised by structuring the form well, and giving it a flow which will make it easier for customers. Development Industry 15 Nov 16 | Graham Charlton 10 ideas to market and monetize your digital book or whitepaper Are you planning to create a digital guide for your customers? Or a downloadable checklist or a whitepaper? More News 14 Nov 16 | Ann Smarty Are you asking for too much information on web forms? Long web forms can deter customers, and one way to reduce the workload is to remove unnecessary fields and questions. Development Industry 14 Nov 16 | Graham Charlton Five most important search marketing news stories of the week Welcome to our weekly round-up of all the latest news and research from the world of search marketing and beyond. Industry More News 11 Nov 16 | Rebecca Sentance Tags ad blocking | digital advertising | display advertising | IAB | online advertising Sign up for SEW Daily Daily news and insights about search engine marketing, SEO and paid search. Email Address Visit us on: rhc-mpu-ad-slot1 Comments rhc-mpu-ad-slot2 Most Popular Say goodbye to Google: 14 alternative search engines Say goodbye to Google with these 14 alternative search engines, covering everything from information, images, videos, facts and stats. Oh and Gifs. Google’s mobile-first index: how to prepare your business The important news that we have all been waiting for, Google has finally announced mobile-first indexing. How to write meta title tags for SEO (with good and bad examples) What is a title tag? How do you write one? Why are title tags important? Do they actually help with search engine optimisation? Going over to the duck side: a week using DuckDuckGo I’ve heard about DuckDuckGo a few times over the years, mostly as a name uttered in hushed whispers behind closed doors – “You don’t have to use Google. There is another way.” Want to stay on top of the latest search trends?Get top insights and news from our search experts. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. Click here to advertise with us Powered By ClickZ Group Limited All rights reserved 1 Hammersmith Broadway London, W6 9DL editorial@clickz.com CATEGORIES Industry SEO PPC Analytics Social Local Mobile Video Content Development Home About SEW Contact SEW Advertise on SEW Site Map Website Terms of Use Copyright & Licensing Privacy policy Cookie & Privacy Policy Friend's email Message  https://searchenginewatch.com/2016/09/19/coalition-for-better-ads-to-make-digital-ads-great-again/ Send × Want to stay on top of search trends? Get top insights and news from our search expertsDelivered to you daily, straight to your inbox. Email* This iframe contains the logic required to handle AJAX powered Gravity Forms. No thanks, I am not interested No thanks. Ask me later please Close
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Morning Insider Editor's Note Polls Greg David Blogs Greg David on New York In the Markets The Insider Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists Real Estate Deals For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts Galleries Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content Accenture Digital Transportation Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards Hutchinson Metro Center Advertorials White Papers Wealth Management TV New York Stories 5boros Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Media & Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation Retail & Apparel NEWS › Retail & Apparel September 19, 2016 1:19 p.m. Updated 09/19/2016 Unilever to buy eco-friendly brand Seventh Generation Vermont-based company sells cleaning products free of artificial fragrances and dyes By Bloomberg News Comments Email Print × Photo: Bloomberg News Unilever, in Englewood Cliffs, N.J., also reportedly took an interest in Honest Co. Unilever agreed to acquire Seventh Generation Inc., a Vermont-based company known for natural and eco-conscious cleaning products. Seventh Generation posted sales of more than $200 million last year, with compound annual growth in the double digits over the past decade, Unilever said in a statement Monday. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed. The transaction is part of a push by Unilever to claim more of the natural section of supermarket aisles. Millennials have increasingly sought out upstart brands that are seen as being environmentally friendly, putting pressure on some traditional wares. Unilever considers Seventh Generation a “purpose-driven brand,” akin to its Ben & Jerry’s and Dove products. “This addition to Unilever’s product portfolio will help us meet rising demand for high-quality products with a purpose,” Nitin Paranjpe, president of Unilever’s home-care division, said in the statement. Seventh Generation—promoted by comedian Maya Rudolph in ads—sells detergents, dish cleaners and other products that are free of artificial fragrances and dyes. The lineup may help Unilever mount a bigger challenge to market leader Procter & Gamble Co., said Ali Dibadj, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein. ‘More pressure’ “We have for a long time been very impressed by Seventh Generation in terms of its management, its innovation and bringing to the consumer what it is they want,” he said. “It puts a little more pressure on companies such as Procter & Gamble to offer what the consumer wants in terms of environmentally friendly products.” Unilever previously has expressed interest in buying Honest Co., a person familiar with the situation said last week. That company—co-founded by actress Jessica Alba—also has a natural focus, though it concentrates more on baby care and personal-hygiene products. That raises the question of whether the Seventh Generation deal will affect those deliberations, Dibadj said. “On one hand, it does suggest they’re interested in this sort of business,” he said. “On the other hand, it feels like they’ve now already made a bet in that space.” Retail & ApparelSmall Business Get Crain's Daily Alert Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter. A summary of the day's top business and political headlines from the newsroom of Crain's New York Business. More Newsletters › Comments Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists Privately Held Companies Technology Employers Commercial Property Managers Foundations Law Firms Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Get Crain's Daily Alert Sign up for our FREE daily email newsletter. A summary of the day's top business and political headlines from the newsroom of Crain's New York Business. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Trump preparing to settle Trump University... Port Authority Vice Chairman Steven Cohen... Trump picks Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions, an... Windowless Manhattan tower home to secret... NYPD union goes after drug price increases... Most Popular Upper West Side apartment complex to drop... High taxes and limited enforcement have New... De Blasio meets with Trump, tells him New... Trump transition stalls as Kushner said to... With one election over, NYC contemplates... Related News PepsiCo's health kick pays off, with hummus fueling growth Retailers hit by bomb blast recover, and the state promises to help Retailers expect record-high spending this Halloween Meet the boutique hotel operator looking beyond midtown for business travelers Mall group's $243 million bid for Aéropostale's assets approved Saks opens Manhattan store off its namesake avenue News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics All Industries Health Pulse Resources Archives White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Polls Podcasts Videos Photos Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Digital NY Real Estate Daily Video Small Business Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Blogs In the Markets The RED Wrap Greg David on NY The Insider Events Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions iPad app Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame Most-Connected New Yorkers Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2016 Crain Communications Inc.
Skip to content Beet.TV Search for: IAB Tech Lab Helping To Fix ‘Annoying Ads’, Promote Video Globally   By Steve Ellwanger on September 19, 2016September 19, 2016 @steveellwanger COLOGNE-The Internet Advertising Bureau Tech Lab is participating in two new coalitions, whose mandates are to improve the digital advertising experience for consumers and establish standards for video ads in conjunction with the television industry. Announced at the DMEXCO conference and exposition, the Coalition for Better Ads is in large part a response to the rise of ad blocking technology for digital devices, according to Alanna Gombert, General Manager of the IAB Tech Lab, which is independent of the IAB. “We’re seeing a lot of chatter around consumers being angry about digital advertising,” Gombert says in an interview with Beet.TV while attending DMEXCO. “They are annoyed by ads that cover content, they’re annoyed by clinky, shaky, flashy ads and I think it’s time for us as an industry to figure out how do we fix that for the consumer.” The Coalition for Better Ads is a who’s who of the advertising and media world. Members include brand marketers Procter & Gamble and Unilever, publishers like The Washington Post, the Association of National Advertisers, the 4A’s, media investment network GroupM and digital behemoths Facebook and Google. In the fourth quarter of this year, the IAB Tech Lab will release an algorithm based on its own work and that of the Coalition for Better Ads. The algorithm will score publisher inventory based on the Tech Lab’s LEAN Ads Program (Light, Encrypted, Ad choice supported, Non-invasive ads.) “We will publish an actual script that will score publisher inventory first,” says Gombert. Next year will see the release of scores related to creative assets. According to Gombert, the Coalition’s efforts are not intended to point fingers at individual entities. “It’s more about scoring the experience overall. There’s no blame, but it helps both sides of the fence understand what their assets are doing,” she says. The second coalition with which the IAB Tech Lab is working will create new global guidelines for simplifying the distribution of digital video ads throughout the ad production sector. It’s a mix of trade groups that includes the ANA, 4A’s, North American Broadcasters Association and the Society of Cable Telecommunications Engineers. “We’re going to build a new network that takes learnings from cable engineers and television engineers to make a larger play for digital video,” Gombert says. This interview was taped at DMEXCO ’16. It is part of a video series of industry leaders. The series is sponsored by Videology. For more Beet.TV coverage of DMEXCO, please visit this page. Beet.TV's Coverage of DMEXCO '16 presented by Videology Tweets by Beet_TV Recent Videos AT&T AdWorks’ Cordes On The Convergence Of Direct Mail, Addressable TV MIAMI – AT&T AdWorks is seeing marketers in certain industry verticals redirect money from direct mail to addressable television advertising, along with using addressable TV for increased frequency against certain consumer targets. This synopsis by Brian Cordes, Director of Client Relations for AT&T AdWorks, was shared at the annual Beet Retreat this week. In an […]   Adobe’s Ad-Tech Consolidation Good News Industry, Publicis’ Bruinsma MIAMI — That Lumascape is a pretty mess. In other words, customers like the new super-powers bestowed on them by ad-tech – but they are confused by a procession of vendors that all claim to do the same thing. That’s why Dan Bruinsma is looking forward to the kind of consolidation heralded by the latest big ad-tech M&A […]   Now Car Makers Can Find Specific Customers On TV, Through Videology MIAMI — The auto industry is a pretty specific one. Despite the end products being badged by just a handful of marques, it is individual local dealers, and not the brands themselves, with whom customers end up transacting. Not only that. Despite copious research being carried out online, most purchases are overwhelmingly still made on the forecourt, […]   Massive’s Drosin Sees TV Ads At The Fabric Of UI BOSTON — We’ve had pre-roll, post-roll, mid-roll, in- and out-stream. But what if the future of video advertising lay more closely at the heart of the media that carry it? That is what’s on the mind of Alex Drosin, the co-founder of a tech company helping build mobile and TV apps for TV operators and content owners […]   Rebundling The Bundle In TV’s Golden Era: Mediad’s Morgan BOSTON — If you think paying $100 a month for a mega suite of 500 channels, most of which you never watch, is overkill, you’re not alone. That’s why we are seeing the rise of the so-called “skinny bundle”, a cut-down cable package which operators hope can reduce cord cutting. But Tom Morgan sees the […]   Without National Avails, Addressable Demand Will Outweigh Supply: MODI’s Bologna The head of GroupM’s advanced television unit foresees a shortage of addressable TV advertising inventory unless some big networks begin to offer national avails to augment the traditional two minutes of local time. MODI Media President Mike Bologna says five or six top cable and broadcast networks “are engaged in serious conversations with MVPD’s to […]   Fidelity’s Speros: Out Of Great Risk Taking Comes Great Creativity BOSTON – First it was “Reach out and touch someone” for AT&T and now the ubiquitous “Green Line” for Fidelity Investments. Jim Speros had a hand in both creative endeavors, along the way refining his definition of creativity. “To create disruption, you have to start by being a curious person,” Speros, EVP of Corporate Communications […]   How To Turn Mobile App Users Before They Churn: Localytics’ Aggarwal BOSTON – Not that long ago, the biggest challenge with apps used to be getting people to download them. Now churn is “the single biggest problem in mobile,” according to Raj Aggarwal of Localytics. The company uses machine learning and predictive analytics to help app publishers better understand their users via its software development kit, […]   From MAC To IP And Beyond: MODI’s Bologna Surveys Addressable TV Future BOSTON – To the uninitiated, Media Access Control could sound like something they’d like to be able to do during political campaigns. But as television content and advertising continue to go over-the-top, the household set-top box identifier known as MAC is slowly giving way to IP addresses and other alternatives. MAC identifiers and cable TV […]   Confirming User Identity Key Concern In Mobile Marketing: Syniverse’s Clark BOSTON – Being able to touch more than seven billion mobile devices around the world isn’t difficult when you are telecom company Syniverse. It’s making sure you’re touching the right person that is a big focus these days, according to CMO Mary Clark. “The challenge I think right now that we’re getting a lot of […]   Adobe’s TubeMogul Acquisition Heralds Ad-Tech Consolidation It started as a simple tool to upload videos to multiple services. But now TubeMogul is becoming the latest addition to Adobe’s media technology stack. The Emeryville, CA-based company has just confirmed an agreement to be acquired by the digital media powerhouse for $540m. What does Adobe want with TubeMogul? According to its announcement: “Adobe’s acquisition of […]   AdTech Execs Support Scheppach’s Run Against Childhood Leukemia CHICAGO – In this fast-moving industry, it can be easy to keep your head down, obsess over the latest media metrics, and not really look up to see the bigger picture in life. But life forced Tracey Scheppach to do just that, when her son Ryan, then aged just seven, was diagnosed with leukemia. The next […]   Former Cablevision’s Dolan & Tatta Launch ‘605’ To Leverage Set-Top Data Together, they helped pioneer Cablevision’s approach to next-generation TV advertising. Now executives Kristin Dolan and Ben Tatta have left to form their own company providing set-top box data to marketers. The move comes after Dolan’s Dolan Family Ventures acquired the existing Analytics Media Group (AMG), a data analytics firm with a background in politics, to immediately […]   As Advertising Follows Content, Expect More Addressable Options: Samba.tv’s Ackerman BOSTON – In the media business, being in the television is like being in the kitchen—to the 100th power. Which is one of the reasons Dan Ackerman joined Samba.tv from a long stint at AOL Like many others, he was frustrated about trying to make sense out of all the disparate data sources that might […]   Tru Optik Mines Behavioral, Demographic And Purchase Data For OTT Cloud BOSTON – Despite the prevalence of binge viewing, as recently as 2015 marketers and media companies weren’t overly concerned about a shift to over-the-top viewing. “What we’re seeing is more of a sense of urgency in terms of trying to figure out how to measure, segment and do attribution as marketing dollars are starting to […]   Furious Corp.’s Swartz On Corralling Disparate Media Company Data, Systems BOSTON – When Ashley Swartz discusses the nuts and bolts of digital media, it’s reflective of her background in manufacturing systems. Hence her view that connecting disparate data and systems is “not sexy” and that media company content management systems “are dirty and messy.” They’re also the main reasons why she started Furious Corp., an […]   Following Geo Fencing Launch, DSP Simpli.fi Eyes Localized Native Ads BOSTON – To bring the power of programmatic advertising to marketers with localized targeting needs, unstructured data beats pre-packaged audience segments, says Frost Prioleau, CEO of demand-side platform Simpli.fi. It’s a mantra that is fueling Simpli.fi’s expansion into more precise measurement of mobile foot traffic and, very shortly, localized native advertising. Within the realm of […]   IRIS.TV: Machine Learning Yields Personalized Video Streams BOSTON – Akin to what Pandora has done with streaming music, IRIS.TV brings adapted machine learning to video viewing preferences. Its white-label solution, licensed to digital publishers, uses artificial intelligence to create a “personalized viewing experience for every viewer,” according to CEO and Co-Founder Field Garthwaite. “We ingest the archive from a publisher, look at […]   Addressable TV Opens Door To Closed-Loop Campaign Reporting: Experian’s Pinnow Addressable television advertising removes the conjecture surrounding the fragmented viewing behavior of today’s audiences, according to Brienna Pinnow. “With addressable, I don’t have to guess if my audience is watching Shark Tank or Sharknado,” says Pinnow, who is Director of Product Marketing for Experian Marketing Services. “I actually get to target the right person at […]   Pixability Looking To Add More Social Platforms, Sees Possibilities In OTT: CEO Hein BOSTON – When placing video ads inside walled digital gardens, should you engage those gardens directly or through an intermediary? The direct route, according to Pixability’s Bettina Hein, comes with a fox and a henhouse. The Pixability story is concise: Many advertisers don’t want the lion’s share of their video ad dollars going to Facebook, […]   About Leadership Events Sponsorships Contact Us Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 Beet Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Beet.TV is published by Beet Media, LLC.
Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming Search Search Facebook Twitter Internet Infographics Gaming About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved The Secret to Executing a Successful Agile Marketing Plan Advertisement NEXT:Mobile Game Roundup: Asterix and Friends, Legends of Callasia and More PREVIOUS:Pandora Reveals Pandora Plus Premium Subscription Service Advertising/Marketing The Secret to Executing a Successful Agile Marketing Plan By Guest on Sep. 19, 2016 - 9:00 AMComment At a time of depleting attention spans and constant distractions thanks to social media and smartphones, business-to-business and business-to-consumer brands have a small window of opportunity to capture a consumer’s or fellow businesses’ attention. Those that are able to implement the most agile real-time marketing strategies will be the brands able to capture market share and, ultimately, sales and loyalty long-term. An agile marketing campaign is one in which marketers develop branded content in response to real-time events. During the 2016 Summer Olympic Games, for example, brands like Visa and Procter & Gamble ran ads about the events in Rio de Janeiro, cleverly combining their messaging with the Olympic spirit to resonate with fans around the world. These campaigns captured consumer attention and positively impacted brand reputation. The best agile marketing strategies are relevant and respond quickly to timely news, leveraging tools like social media and email that allow for fast communication and ultimately engagement. However, because larger brands often have many hoops to jump through internally, small businesses are often more agile and typically have an easier time navigating these campaigns. Despite the more complex processes, bigger companies can mirror small business’s real-time efforts by: Responding to events in a timely fashion: The average consumer or business decision maker today has a shorter attention span than a goldfish–or approximately eight seconds. This means that the window of time brands have to effectively engage with a consumer or a business is smaller than ever. For these larger brands, reaching their audience during this small window is of course easier said than done. It will require a change of company culture and investment in technology that will enable marketing teams to respond to events in a timely manner. More specifically, big brands must make social media–and the technology to analyze it–a priority. Social media experts are no longer “nice to have.” Brands need to employ teams dedicated to monitoring social media and developing relevant content in response to events in real time. Ultimately, they must be equipped with the tools they need to get the job done quickly. Using the right data to create layered audiences: It’s difficult to respond to every single piece of news or event quickly in a way that resonates with all audiences. The media landscape is too broad to assume that everyone in your database cares about everything that’s happening. Here is where companies must develop different personas or audiences using data and pinpoint the top segments that would be most effective to target with a certain message. Instead of wasting time and resources trying to target all groups of customers, you’re casting a wider data-driven net that is more likely to produce a response. Here is where brands can take advantage of the data resources available to them. For instance, first-party data, which is the brand’s own data, gives the opportunity to identify best customers. A brand can also look at its transactional data and get insights into the segments that are responsible for the most revenue. For example, an office-supply company might know, based on sales data, that its primary customers are small and midsized businesses in the U.S. But this is not enough. Brands should also turn to second- and third-party data to construct a more holistic profile of these segments. For instance, that same office-supply company can see that SMB segment’s larger digital footprint to determine that tech companies with fewer than 10 employees within it are most likely to respond to real-time content. Whatever approach the brand decides to take with its messaging, it must look for datasets that have a strong validation process in place when it comes to second- or third-party data to make sure the insights it does gain are accurate. Keeping messaging in line with the brand’s core mission: Big brands might try to do too much. It’s important to keep it simple and make sure messaging is consistent with the brand’s core mission. A brand can be agile and respond quickly, but if it’s off message, why bother? Keep in mind that you’re a brand with an agile marketing strategy, not a news outlet. You do not need to respond to every current event. Focus on those that really can be easily incorporated into your key messaging. If you’re the office-supply company, it might not make sense to incorporate real-time messaging about the Super Bowl. A catering company, however, could promote its services to companies within its target audience about hosting Super Bowl-themed events. Stick to what you know and what will relate back to your key messaging best. Today’s device-driven world calls for brands to be more spontaneous in their marketing endeavors. Sure, the basics of your marketing strategy can be planned out well in advance, but businesses today must equip themselves with the ability to respond to real-time B2B or B2C events to reach their audience during the small window of time they give you. Larger companies may face challenges operating in real time, but those that follow in these fundamental steps of smaller businesses will certainly see the benefits. Amit Khanna is president of small and medium business at analytics and marketing services provider Infogroup. Image courtesy of Shutterstock. < Previous Article Next Article > Advertisement Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement Get SocialTimes delivered straight to your inbox Receive the Morning Media Newsfeed Receive news and offers from our friends and sponsors Thank you for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm An error has occurred, please try again later Please enter a valid email address Please confirm with the Recaptcha Recaptcha response was incorrect This email address is already subscribed to the selected list(s). You have been opted out of all Adweek Blog Network Newsletters. Send an anonymous tip Advertisement Featured Jobs Vice President, Integrated Marketing National Urban League New York City, New York Media Sales Executive Progressive Business Media East Coast Media Relations Specialist MediaSource Columbus, Ohio Marketing Communications Specialist Proveris Scientific Marlborough, MA PR Account Executive The Baddish Group New York City, New York (US) See more Jobs » Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Featured Courses Search Marketing Optimize your website through SEO, social media, and digital outreach Learn more >   Facebook Marketing Get smart about how to use Facebook for business Learn more >   Copywriting for Social Media Maximize your clicks, shares, retweets, and pin Learn more >   Skills in 60: How to Name Your Brand or Product Develop a unique name for any brand, product, or business Learn more >   See more Courses > Advertisement Subscribe to Adweek Magazine + iPad App Subscribe Buy Issue Advertisement Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com Terms of Use Privacy © 2016 Adweek All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy About About Advertising Adweek Media Kit Contact Subscribe to Adweek Visit Adweek.com Newsletters Adweek Network Adweek Blog Network TVNewser TVSpy LostRemote AgencySpy PRNewser SocialTimes FishbowlNY FishbowlDC GalleyCat More Search Jobs Post Jobs Find Courses AvantGuild Members Mediabistro.com
indiatimes logo News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending #Breathless indiatimes logo Menu Facebook This Indian Startup Created Sanitary Pads Made Out Of ‘Banana’ To Empower Rur... Share facebook twitter reddit facebook twitter search X Loading...... Load more Home News India World Sports Weird Lifestyle Self Style Tech Who we are Travel Food Entertainment Bollywood Celebscoop Hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Videos Sports Trending #Breathless Follow indiatimes facebook twitter     TRENDING TODAY Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier Husband In UAE Divorces Newly-Wed Wife After Seeing Her Without Makeup For The First Time! Drinking 8 Glasses Of Water Everyday? You Can Die Of Fatal Water Intoxication Says A Study! Worried About The Hygiene Standards Around You? These 7 Things Will Help You Keep Diseases At Bay Women Find Men With Beard Sexier And More Suitable For Long-Term Relationship, Says A Study close Home > health > healthy living This Indian Startup Created Sanitary Pads Made Out Of ‘Banana’ To Empower Rural Women Shewali Tiwari September 19, 2016 2.6k facebook twitter reddit It’s 2016 and still there are women out there who go about their mensuration without a sanitary pad. In a country where the economy is skyrocketing in multiple folds every minute, hygiene is often kept at the bay- leaving a vulnerable society. Amidst such a dispute, an MIT graduate Amrita Saigal along with her colleague Kristin Kagetsu came up with a sanitary pad made out of waste banana tree fibre. In this move, Amrita and Kristin are not only facilitating hygienic measures to rural women, but they’re also offering huge help to those who can’t afford the “elite” way. homegrown Amrita has been working on this model since 2012, while she was working with P&G. The product went through numerous trials and failures, but both the engineers worked until “Saathi” reached its final stage. This product is worthy of revolutionising Indian markets, where as much as 70% of women can’t afford sanitary napkins. A study also stated that ‘over 88% of women resort to shocking alternatives like unhygienic cloth, ashes and husk sand. The process of making Banana tree waste into a sanitary napkin It’s nearly revolting to know that as much as 23% of young women drop out of school when they start mensurating. Kristin, who has worked closely on the project says that she always wanted more women to stay in education and let mensuration not be an obstacle. Saathi's founding team along with Amrita and Kristin includes Grace Kane, who are all MIT graduates. homegrown Amrita is also an MBA from Harvard and she’s won an award for “Saathi” in a competition conducted by the university in the year 2014.  “Saathi has also won laurels such as the MIT DLab Scale-Ups Fellows for 2015 and the 3M-CII Young Innovators Challenge Social Track winner title,” stated a website. The pad is 100% eco-friendly and provides income generating opportunities to both the women as well as banana farmers based in Ahmedabad, says Kagetsu.  Saathi is launching their product with a #onemillionpad initiative in Jharkhand. They will distribute 1,000,000 pads to rural women in partnership with India's largest educational NGO, Ekal Vidyalaya. Starting in 2017, Saathi pads will be distributed nationwide.   2.6k facebook twitter reddit Comment Here ADVERTISEMENT Follow @indiatimes Next on Indiatimes Health: 12 Indian Instagrammers Who'll Give You Major Workout Goals Spotlight PARTNER These Horrifying Statistics Will Make You Join The Movement For A Diabetes Free India Kareena Thinks That Both Deepika Or Katrina, Weren't Good For Brother Ranbir Kapoor Rajinikanth Shared 2.0 Poster Featuring Akshay & Looks Like It's Going To Be One Hell Of A Film Trending Few Small Steps That Can Make Your Heart Healthier 6.4k Shares Husband In UAE Divorces Newly-Wed Wife After Seeing Her Without Makeup For The First Time! 10.2k Shares Drinking 8 Glasses Of Water Everyday? You Can Die Of Fatal Water Intoxication Says A Study! 9.3k Shares Worried About The Hygiene Standards Around You? These 7 Things Will Help You Keep Diseases At Bay 1.8k Shares Women Find Men With Beard Sexier And More Suitable For Long-Term Relationship, Says A Study 21.6k Shares     Our Channels News Lifestyle Entertainment Health Videos Sports Trending Sections india world sports weird self style Tech who we are travel food bollywood celebscoop hollywood Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Photogallery Indiatimes Lifestyle Network MENS XP iDiva Luxury Ask Men Pursuitist Specials #FRONTLINES #GOFORGOLD #INDIANAMA Other Sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider ZoomTv Gizmodo Lifehacker IGN BoxTV Gaana Online Shopping Techradar Daily Deals Gitanjali Shop Satvik Shop WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Filmfare Femina Mobile Greetings Follo Jobs Property Astrology Speaking Tree Matrimonial iTimes Ads2book TcNext Romedy Now About us Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us ABOUT INDIATIMES Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS Copyright © 2016 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved Archive | Sitemap | About Us | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Indiatimes Mobile | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy
Log In 1 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds log in Pin Tales: New Bedford's Gunner Sinagra heeds advice, finally rolls elusive 800 Saturday Sep 17, 2016 at 3:58 PM Sep 17, 2016 at 3:58 PM “I was nervous, though,” he said. “I needed a 220-something to make it. I just kept telling myself to keep bowling the way I had been bowling in the first two games. Downing a couple of beers didn’t hurt either.” By Vicki PrevostPin Tales Last month, Gunner Sinagra, 22, of New Bedford, started the night in the Columbia 300 Summer Classic League at Wonder Bowl with back-to-back 289 games. As he began the final game, his mind was on the possibility of surpassing 800 for the first time in his career. “I was nervous, though,” he said. “I needed a 220-something to make it. I just kept telling myself to keep bowling the way I had been bowling in the first two games. Downing a couple of beers didn’t hurt either.” They certainly didn’t, as he ended the night with a 234 game and an 812 series. His teammates in that summer league were Alan Fisher and Steve Millette. “We have bowled together every summer for a few years,” he said. “They make bowling easier for me by giving me plenty of their age-old wisdom. I can use it, since I’m the young one on the team.” In the last game, while going for the 800 series, Millette gave him some great advice, which he heeded. “He told me to remember,” said Sinagra, “that the most important shot is the next shot. That advice took me all the way to the end of the night.” The right-handed bowler formerly had a 792 high series that he bowled last year. “I was close then,” he said. “It was only a matter of time, I figured, before I went over 800. I didn’t expect it to be this soon, though.” He has one 300 game that he bowled in the first game of the season last year in the Twilight League at Wonder Bowl. “I almost had another 300 game the first game this year, too,” he said. “A couple of weeks ago I bowled a 289 game. I seem to get a lot of those (he has had one 299, a 298 and a 290 also). My streak ended after the first game and I only bowled a 666 series that night.” His bowling career started at 6 years old in the Junior Program at Wonder Bowl. He stayed until he was 15, transferring to the adult leagues a lot sooner than most junior bowlers do. “I wasn’t enjoying the junior league,” Sinagra said. “I found the competition I needed in the adult leagues.” Since joining the adults, he has done much better, takes bowling more seriously and improving his average each year. He finished the winter season last year with a then-high 215 average and carried a 220 for the entire 13-week summer season. His goal for the 2016-17 season is to carry the 220 average and possibly higher for the 36-week season. “That might be difficult,” he said, “because for the first time, I’m only going to bowl one league (Twilight at Wonder Bowl) instead of the two or three that I usually bowl.” He is cutting back because of work, plus he figures his focus is better if he only bowls once a week. “If I bowl more than one league,” said Sinagra, “I’ll be sick of bowling by January.” In the meantime, he wants to bowl New England Bowling Association (NEBA) events each month and stay consistent. “Since I have both a 300 game and 800 series under my belt,” he said, “my next achievement would be to qualify for a NEBA final and eventually win a title.” Upcoming events The first monthly tournament in the P&G Bowling Tour is today at East Providence Lanes. Registration is at 9 a.m., competition begins at 10 a.m. Entry fee is $60. Today’s event will be bowled on the house shot. The Southeastern Mass. USBC Bowling Association’s Annual Awards Banquet is Oct. 15 at Holiday Lanes in Westport with cocktails at 6 p.m. Dinner is served at 7. Awards will be presented following dinner. After the awards presentation, there will be a tournament with a $10 fee. Banquet tickets are $25 per person and may be obtained from Stephanie Millward at 508-730-7715. Tickets are limited, please order early. Hall of Fame inductees will be honored, along with four Bowlers of the Year. If you bowled a 300 game and/or 800 series, you will be getting an award from the association, so you are invited to attend, as well as, women who bowled over 700 during the 2015-16 season. Highlights Del Picard Jr., in the Westport Trios League at Holiday Lanes in Westport, bowled a 300 game on September 6. In the same league, on the same night, Matt Rayner bowled an 800 series that included 279, 263 and 258 games. On a sad note: Irene Couto, who bowled in the Jolly Seniors (duckpin) League at Bowlmor Lanes in Mattapoisett, passed away during the summer hiatus (July 24). The league is saddened by her passing and she will be sorely missed. Senior scores AMF Somerset Lanes John Grobe Mixed Seniors: Don Caisse, 203; Tom Lanneville, 201; Dave Fisher, 221; Leo Briand, 267/627; Ed Moniz, 210. Wonder Bowl NFL Seniors: Steve Sirop, 269/608; Bernie Williams, 226; Vic Soto Sr., 217, 202/614; Ed Pendleton, 215; Wayne Venancio, 210, 204; John Zeb, 206; Dave Flint, 202, 200; Ronald Fontes, 200. Wednesday Senior Mixed: Ed Larocque, 200. Other scores BOWLMOR, MATTAPOISETT Acushnet League (Sept.6): George Coelho, 138; Mike Galligan, 133; Paul Archambault, 135; Glen Warrington, 139, 139/382; Tom Barboza, 133, 145/406; Joel Wales, 130; Tom O’Leary, 133, 156/408; Arley Hamilton, 131, 138/375; Doug Tiernan, 139; John McNamara, 131/377; Bill Shaughnessy, 155/383; Ken Stickney, 159/386; Dave Sylvia, 144. Acushnet League (Sept. 13): Roger Bergeron, 132; John, 145; Al Ferry, 143; Manny Santos, 156/388; Rick Hall, 153; Ken Stickney, 138, 142/400; Tom Barboza, 137; Henry Hartley, 138; Tom O’Leary, 133; Chuck Rooney, 151/385; Dave Sylvia, 136, 159/414. Friday Mixed: Harriet Crippin, 136; Al Ferry, 147, 136/395; Chris B., 131, 132, 140/403; Tom Barboza, 130, 146/396; Tom O’Leary, 152, 141/419; Ben Towns, 137. Jolly Seniors: Ed DeMello, 119; S. Tillett, 111; B. McNamara, 112/355; M. Bertrand, 109/303; L. Cormier, 115, 139/346; Ron Rocha, 127, 125/351; P. McNamara, 113; V. Fletcher, 121/301; Bev Peirce, 128; Russ Hotte, 142/360. Mattapoisett Town League: John McNamara, 144/394; Luz Jackivicz, 141; Kylie Jackivicz, 138; Bob Bardsley, 164, 139, 131/434; Rich Bardsley, 137; Doug Tiernan, 132, 141/385; Tom Mott, 136, 131/391. AMF SOMERST LANES Pin Breakers: Linda Trudeau, 203, 202; Jeff Chace, 201; Don Caisse, 201; Bob Rioux, 231; Chris Anderson, 202, 230/605; Scott August, 222; Dara Chhim, 204; Brandon Ball, 220; Alan Oliver, 223; Steve Barboza, 206, 212, 204/622; Bob Borges, 212, 200; Josh Martel, 214, 221/613; Bruce Garnett, 206; Mike Monast, 214; Richard Amaral, 214, 214; Tom Lanneville, 222, 206/600; Josh Raposo, 200; Adam Rusin, 236; John Rusin, 235. HOLIDAY LANES, WESTPORT Westport Trios: David Arruda, 264; Shane Batista, 236; Darrin Borges, 278; Rob Cabral, 231; Jeffrey Chace, 235; George Chelf, 246; Josh Corum, 267, 279/754; Carl Desrochers, 247; Chris Dos Santos, 236; Matt Ferreira, 286, 258/769; Nick Ferreira, 230, 245/689; Dale Frederick, 298, 247, 235/780; Danny Gauthier, 267, 278/745; Bruce Graves, 244/653; Richard Jackson, 233, 247/694; Clayton Jenkins, 247, 248/708; Chris Kelly, 222; Jason LaFlamme, 223; Shane Lavoie, 254; Mike Major, 237; Charlie McConnell, 258; Matt Medeiros, 200; Stephanie Millward, 233, 236/631; Andrew Oliveira, 258; Steve Oliveira, 223; Jeff Palmer, 249, 266/754; Bob Przewozeny, 250, 241; Amy Robinson, 226, 238/667; John Rusin, 258, 265/777; Ryan Sanchez, 257; Jayme Silva, 254; Edward Souza, 248; TJ Souza, 236, 255/692; Greg Watson, 288. WONDER BOWL Braiden’s Buddies: Kevin Carreiro, 200; Mark Dexter, 205; Kyle Hinchliffe, 267, 234/672; Amanda LaBossiere, 235, 237/662; Robert LaBossiere, 236, 219; Thomas Machado, 237, 268/690; Chad Maciel, 247, 226/671; Arthur Pinkney, 201; Josh Pires, 235, 239/661; Megan Rich, 226, 212/612; Clifford Rodrigues, 212; Cortney Standish, 209; Tyler Standish, 222. Center League: Kevin Baptiste, 238; Roger Berche, 267, 279/750; Michael DeCrosta, 207; Matt Ferreira, 246; Scott King, 223; Louie Lemmertz, 237, 254, 276/676; Paul Marchessault, 234, 247/667; Charlie McConnell, 245; Manny Morales, 256, 245/717; Jeff Palmer, 259; Matt Rayner, 279; Ben Rosen, 200; David Saulnier, 237; Bryant Souza, 235; Lonnie Ulrich, 233. Jamie Whte, 210; Tom Wolfe, 200. Early Birds Junior League: Myles Barth, 131; Jaryd Dos Anjos, 117; Rachel Enos, 172; Jillian Giroux, 124. Gems: Diane Fish, 508. Hit or Miss: Philip Berube, 239; Joseph Bouchard, 201; Steven Costa, 201; Robert Eldridge, 214, 213; Julie Eldridge, 244; Melissa LeBlanc, 244/606; Philip McAlpine, 222; Jameson Sabourin, 232; Antone Souza, 204; Stephen Souza, 239; Derek Taylor, 204. Junior A.M. Program: bantams/preps, Dante Lopes, 189; Renee Morin, 115; Madison Nereu, 106, 107, juniors/seniors, Matthew Borden, 216; Mckenzie Childs, 246/576; Justin Guimont, 200; Jason Lopes Jr., 225, 225/;647; Quinn Milligan, 163; Ethan Oliveira, 164; Nikolas Oliveira, 205; Jacob Roderick, 194. Junior Bumper League: 11 a.m., Luis Mendez Jr., 103. Junior Classic: Matthew Borden, 213; Cailyn Lopes, 155, 150; Nicholas Medeiros, 206, 204; David Napier, 225; Nikolas Oliveira, 201; Meghan Rebello, 156; Kobe Souza, 207. Splice Girls Mixed League: Tyler Fontes, 247; Bryant Souza, 245; Brandon Rogers, 245; Jeff Cardoza, 245, 225/670; Brent Brewer, 242, 223; Marcos Melendez, 237; William Melendez, 234; Ernie Bourque, 234, 225; Bobby Rebello, 229; Dave Flint, 228; Dave Dos Santos, 224; Ryan Pires, 222; Manny Martinez, 220, 214; Matt Franco, 218; Paul Bourque, 214; Jerry Contois, 206; Mike Cook, 200; Blake Brewer, 200; Katie Arruda, 201. Teddy Bears: Justin Haskell, 207. Twilight League: Alex Aguiar, 279, 279/781; Carlos Aguiar, 210; Clem Amaral, 245/667; David Andrade, 202; Tony Avylla, 245; Darrin Borges, 253; Joshua Boudreau, 201; Keith Bretton, 234; Eric Camara, 233, 231; Reggie Carreiro, 258; Dale Carroll, 258; Mike Constant, 237; Josh Corum, 269; Adam Desmarais, 258/714; Chris Dos Santos, 279, 240/742; Jorge Fernandes, 215, 217; Cory Henriques, 233; Neil Jardin, 210; Red Jerome, 227; Shane Lavoie, 259, 252/736; Craig LeBlanc, 234; Louie A. LeBlanc, 245; Louie Lemmertz, 237, 237/699; Cade Maciel, 205; Manny Morales, 246; Anthony Norton, 226, 223/660; Joey O’Brien, 245/658; Matt Rayner, 258, 248/722; Brandon Rogers, 239; Ryan Sanchez, 279, 249/741; Michael Sedoma, 229; Jayme Silva Jr., 238/654; Roy Snow, 234; Sean Sweeney, 235; Jonathan Thomas, 231; Brian Whalley, 256/653; Josh Wunschel, 252. Vicki Prevost covers bowling for The Standard-Times. She can be reached at jefgor24@comcast.net. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services New Subscriptions Manage Your Subscription Contact Us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the Editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story Ideas Alerts Email Alerts Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Products & Services Ad Rates Advertising Contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. southcoasttoday.com ~ 25 Elm Street, New Bedford, MA 02740 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime and Courts Death Notices and Obituaries Education News Columnists Nation & World Weather Politics and Elections Shareable Databases Election 2016 Towns New Bedford Dartmouth and Westport Acushnet and Fairhaven Tri-town and Wareham Freetown, Lakeville and Middleboro Sports SouthCoast Varsity Sports columnists Pro sports College sports Patriots Red Sox SouthCoast In Action Auto Racing Opinion Our View Your View and Letters Business Real Estate New Bedford fisheries Agriculture Entertainment Calendar Coastin' Dining Out Movies Living Neighbors Lifestyle Columnists SouthCoast Cooks Religion SouthCoast Pets Health Home and Garden Travel Obits More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs The Advocate The Chronicle The Gazette The Spectator The Spirit Special Reports Contests TV Guide Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber E-Edition Manage Your Subscription Subscribe Email Alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Stock Alert Takeover Target? Why Edgewell May Be Bought The personal-care products company, whose brands include Edge and Hawaiian Tropic, is ripe for a deal. By David Englander Biography February 4, 2016 Since its July 1 split off from Energizer Holdings, the stock of personal-care products concern Edgewell Personal Care (ticker: EPC) has sunk 20%. While much of the selling can be attributed to the broader market decline, a high valuation at the time of the spinoff has contributed. At a recent $81.42, the shares are no longer expensive, trading for an enterprise value of 12 times estimated 2017 Ebitda (earnings before interest,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Uber’s Challenge…Replacing Rental Cars Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Eddie Lampert’s Big Bet On Sears Hometown Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Tesla and SolarCity Get Shareholder Approval…Here’s What it Means Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Cisco Stock Offers Value Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is Donald Trump a Closet Democrat? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 2 How to Get the Best Financial Advice 3 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Fitbit and More Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
null
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram The Cut Fashions Runway Street Style Designers Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Sections Fashions Fame Beauty Goods Love & War Plus Runway Street Style Designers Sites NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture Science of Us Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Follow Us Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE Popular on The Cut let's makeup September 19, 2016 2:48 p.m. Charlotte Tilbury Really Did Teach Kim Kardashian to Sleep in Her Makeup By Kathleen Hou Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet Google Plus iconShare Pinterest iconPin It Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print Photo: David M. Benett/Getty Images for Charlotte Tilbury Makeup artist Charlotte Tilbury taught Kim Kardashian to sleep in her makeup. It’s a trick she’s picked up herself, as “she has never let her husband see her without makeup on,” which Kardashian said of Tilbury, calling her “my hero.” The creator of a beauty line loved by celebrity makeup artists and celebrities (she did the wedding-day makeup for Kate Moss and Amal Clooney), Tilbury is also making her foray into fragrance with her first perfume, Scent of a Dream. To celebrate the fragrance, Tilbury recently released a 360 degree film starring Kate Moss, her children’s godmother. Here, she talked to the Cut about how she really does sleep in her makeup and her unapologetic belief that makeup is happiness. Makeup artists always tell you not to sleep in your makeup, but you’ve talked about how you do sleep in your makeup. Is it really true? It’s true. I always have a bedroom eye. I clean my skin, put my Magic Night Rescue Cream on, my Magic Eye Rescue, and then Wonderglow — it softens everything. But I take off all my eye makeup, and then I reapply it. I put on my eyeliner in Audrey, and then I put a little bit of mascara on my top lashes, and then that’s it. I always say it’s my bedroom eye because it just makes me feel sexy. Have you always done that? Always. Always. Always. Forever. At 13, I understood the power of makeup and the way it changed my life. I understood how you could feel so empowered, confident, and amazing when you looked in the mirror and felt great about loving the way you look. I feel really great, and I don’t look tired, and I don’t look exhausted, and my eyes don’t look small, they look big. Makeup is happiness. There was a recent study where they took some scruffier counterparts, then made them over with hair and their makeup. With that, they found they earned 70 percent — seven-zero percent — more. It was a 15-year study [Editor’s Note: Tilbury might be referring to this study, although it doesn’t cite a 70 percent increase]. There is another study by Procter and Gamble that I saw that cited a 30 percent increase. In the social-media age, what are your tips for looking photogenic? Makeup. The reason that, on photo shoots, people wear makeup is because they need it. Your features can become more washed-out. They can disappear, so you need that to enhance. Some of the top things all the celebrities use is the Filmstar Bronze & Glow and the Magic Foundation. Filmstar Bronze and Glow is a key, key product. It plays with the light on top of the cheekbones, and then you can contour your face because sometimes you can look quite flat and wide on camera. Magic foundation is the most incredible HD foundation. It fills in your pores. It smooths out your pores. It shrinks your pores. And then, there’s Supermodel Body — which is literally “supermodel body.” That was created for the Victoria’s Secret fashion shows, and celebrities send me pictures all the time being like, Look at my legs with Supermodel Body. It’s key on the red carpet because often, you have these gorgeous glowing faces and then when you put moisturizer onto the skin, it quite often sinks in. Alicia Keys wore no makeup to the VMAs and while there was some praise, there was also some backlash. What are your thoughts on people who say that makeup is a mask? Makeup is not a mask. There’s not a human being in the world that doesn’t look better with makeup. It might be a little bit of makeup or it might be a lot of makeup. It depends. It depends on the individual, their features, and how much they can take. Anyone, even Gisele Bündchen, who is the kind of girl who wakes up looking good, even she looks great with just a little bit of makeup. I totally disagree. They just haven’t discovered how makeup can enhance your assets and make you look like the most beautiful version of you. In a perfect world, we would all wake up looking like we had perfectly filled in lashes, perfectly skin, but that’s just not reality. This interview has been condensed and edited. Tags: beautycharlotte tilburyscent of a dreamperfumebeauty interviewslet's makeupmakeupcut beauty ledeMore Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top StoriesThe War for Christmas: Whose House to Go to for the Holidays?Here’s What President Obama Told Sasha and Malia After Trump Won the Election12 Books We’re Reading to Understand the Election Result Most Viewed Stories Planned Parenthood Has Already Received 46,000 Donations From ‘Mike Pence’ Ivanka Trump Should Show Us the Women Who Work to Make Her Life Possible Debra Messing and Susan Sarandon Are Still Fighting on Twitter Get a Rare Look at Hillary Clinton As a Grandmother in Action People Are Boycotting This List of Companies for Selling Trump Products The Nominees for the Worst Sex Writing of the Year Are Here to Make You Cringe Here’s the First Designer to Say She Won’t Dress Melania Trump Famed Internet Troll Milo Yiannopoulos Got Grilled on Live TV What Should Feminists Make of Megyn Kelly? Mother Who Ran Into Hillary Clinton Hiking in the Woods Is Now Receiving Death Threats From Our Partners HuffPost Parents Donald Trump Confuses Birth With Abortion. And No,… POPSUGAR Beauty 17 Halloween Costumes That Are Really Just an Excuse to… Newser Cause of Death Revealed for Sisters Found at African… powered by PubExchange Most Watched on The Cut The Latest on the Cut 17 mins ago The War for Christmas: Whose House to Go to for the Holidays? You don’t mess around with Christmas. 12:15 p.m. Here’s What President Obama Told Sasha and Malia After Trump Won the Election “You don’t get into a fetal position about it. You don’t start worrying about apocalypse.” 12:10 p.m. 12 Books We’re Reading to Understand the Election Result Read with us. 11:40 a.m. 5 Ways You Can Help Planned Parenthood Get involved and help their doors stay open. 11:10 a.m. Hugo Boss Pulls Out of NYFW for Next Season But the brand says it’s sticking with designer Jason Wu. 11:09 a.m. What John Derian Can’t Live Without The designer shares his essentials, including a Filson tote, Tom’s of Maine unscented deodorant, and Zig calligraphy pens. 10:30 a.m. The 5 Prettiest Colors to Paint Your Bedroom All inspired by abstract painter Agnes Martin. 10:07 a.m. Coach Designer Stuart Vevers on Bringing Craftsmanship to Fifth Avenue The designer talks about his new project, Coach House, which opens today. 9:38 a.m. What Should Feminists Make of Megyn Kelly? And why does she still insist she’s not one? 9:32 a.m. This Minnesota Mom Is Suing Her Transgender Teen for Seeking Gender Reassignment She’s challenging a law that lets emancipated minors make their own health decisions. 9:31 a.m. Watch This Woman-Hating Internet Troll Get Grilled on Live TV Channel 4 reporter Cathy Newman took him to task for his hate speech and many contradictions. 9:29 a.m. Trump’s Pick for Attorney General Has Some Terrible Views on Sexual Assault He said Trump’s Access Hollywood tape was not describing sexual assault. 9:00 a.m. How to Make Your Apartment Much Cozier for Under $5 A décor trick from Home Depot. 2:12 a.m. New at-Home Device Might Make Breast Reconstruction Easier for Women The small, inflatable pouch allows women to gradually stretch their breast tissue and make room for an implant. 1:13 a.m. Debra Messing and Susan Sarandon Are Still Fighting on Twitter The beautiful-redhead battle royal continues. Yesterday at 10:56 p.m. Goop’s Holiday Gift Guide Is Very Goop-esque, Down to the $120 Toothpaste 3.4 fluid ounces of enamel-building goodness. Yesterday at 7:45 p.m. Here’s the First Designer to Say She Won’t Dress Melania “I will not participate in dressing or associating in any way with the next First Lady.” Yesterday at 5:40 p.m. This Vogue Editor Creates the Wildest Photo Shoots A new book goes behind the scenes with Phyllis Posnick. Yesterday at 4:44 p.m. Talking Feminist Dior at the Guggenheim Gala Pre-Party Maria Grazia Chiuri on Dior’s feminist shirt. Yesterday at 4:01 p.m. Shop Iris Apfel’s Vintage Jewelry Collection The style icon puts some of her statement pieces on sale this weekend. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2016, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
` Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing & Technology Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2015 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Nominations Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year Register for event 2015 Honorees Nominations Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Login [x] Email Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Subscribe Register Logged in as Logout Edit Profile View Cart   Quick Links: Forefront Election news Indiana 100 Highest-paid executives Anthem-Cigna full coverage Forty Under 40 Home NEWS Real Estate & Retail Health Care & Life Sciences Sports Business Small Business Banking & Finance Women in Biz More Industries Communications Education & Workforce Energy & Environment Government & Economic Development Law Manufacturing & Technology Philanthropy Transportation, Distribution & Logistics Workplace Issues Company News Eli Lilly and Co. Simon Property Group Anthem More Public Companies Private Companies REGIONAL Boone Co. Hamilton Co. Hancock Co. Hendricks Co. Johnson Co. Madison Co. Morgan Co. Shelby Co. Other counties THIS WEEK'S PAPER Top Stories Opinion A&E etc. IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines & Supplements BLOGS Property Lines Lou Harry’s A&E The Score North of 96th The Dose Ballot Box OPINION IBJ Editorial Letters to the Editor Forefront Editorial Cartoons A&E A&E Home Lou's Views Column Lou Harry's A&E Blog Dining Reviews Mike Lopresti Column LISTS Book of Lists Individual Lists PEOPLE People Online Submit People News Submit Award Nominations Award Recipients CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year 2015 Honorees Past Recipients Forty Under 40 Class of 2016 Past Recipients Health Care Heroes 2016 Honorees Nominations Past Recipients Michael A. Carroll Award Healthiest Employer 2013 Honorees Nominations EVENTS IBJ Events CTO of the Year 2016 Honorees Past Recipients Women of Influence 2016 Honorees Past Recipients CFO of the Year Register for event 2015 Honorees Nominations Past Recipients IBJ Extras Books Book Store IBJ Book Publishing Contact Us Custom Media Heart Health Awareness Cardiac Care Cancer Care Business Cares Breast Cancer Awareness Healthy Aging Women's Health eNewsletter Preview Multimedia Events Inside Dish Leading Questions More Videos Photo Galleries IBJ Mobile App RSS Feeds Classifieds Classifieds Place an Ad Subscriptions New Subscriptions Renewal Subscriptions eNewsletter Subscriptions eNewsletter Preview Change User Profile Subscription Services FAQ's Newsstand Locations Home » Chief exec has big plan to revive struggling Toys R Us Chief exec has big plan to revive struggling Toys R Us September 19, 2016 Bloomberg News KEYWORDS Retailers / Retail / Real Estate & Retail Comments Print Reprints / Text Size+ Larger Smaller [X] Related News and Opinion Exec from struggling RadioShack joins HHGregg Struggling retailer HHGregg plans closures for six stores Toy sales on pace for best year in a decade Struggles for Lumber Liquidators drag into new year Struggling Sears borrows $300M from hedge fund as losses mount Related Products Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - PDF Largest Indianapolis-Area Commercial Real Estate Brokerages - Excel Largest Indianapolis-Area Residential Real Estate Agencies - Excel Dave Brandon has been inside a Toys “R” Us in Secaucus, New Jersey, for all of five minutes before he spots a problem. At the entrance, there’s a display of small cardboard bins filled with $1 playthings that look messy, and even worse—cheap. “It kind of reminds me of a garage sale,” says Brandon, who became chief executive of the world’s biggest toy chain 14 months ago. “We’re not the dollar shop. We’re a toy store.” In the Star Wars section nearby, a Chewbacca chair has tumbled over into the aisle. The 64-year-old CEO grabs it and turns it right-side up. Dressed in black pants and a blue long-sleeve shirt—a deliberate attempt to connect with store workers by wearing their uniform—Brandon then walks through a display of Pokemon toys, snapping pictures of empty shelves with his iPhone that he’ll send to one of his executives. It’s Friday afternoon before the crucial weekend rush. “This doesn’t make me happy,” says Brandon, who estimates that he’s been to 200 stores since taking the reins in July 2015. There hasn’t been much to smile about at Toys “R” Us Inc. More than a decade after a $7.5 billion leveraged buyout by Bain Capital, KKR & Co. and Vornado Realty Trust, the retailer remains saddled with annual interest payments of more than $400 million and no clear path for its owners to exit the investment. The company has about 600 stores in the United States, including three Toys R Us stores and three Babies R Us stores in Indianapolis. The company registered for an initial public offering in 2010, only to withdraw it a few years later. Since the buyout, Amazon.com, which once ran the Toys “R” Us website, has become a powerful competitor. And shoppers are abandoning the suburban malls that helped make the big-box pioneer one of the most dominant retailers of the 1980s and 1990s. Brandon, who oversaw a turnaround at Domino’s Pizza last decade, knows he has no easy task. For years, the Wayne, New Jersey-based toy chain has bought time by refinancing its debt, which now totals about $5 billion. It did so again last month with a swap that pushed out maturities on notes due in 2017 and 2018 by five years. While Brandon’s first year has brought signs of progress, with holiday sales gaining for the first time in four years, the  deal wasn’t necessarily a full vote of confidence because many investors had bought the bonds at distressed levels and made a profit. But it did buy Brandon more time — probably the next two Christmas seasons—to turn the company around. Empty shelves Back in the Secaucus store, Brandon is looking over several empty shelves. He ticks off a list of retail basics, such as improved inventory management, that are sorely needed. Then he boils down the company’s woes to one fundamental problem: The experience needs to be more fun. The big-box advantages of selection and price that made the format so successful have been obliterated by the web. There needs to be more reasons for people to go to a store. “The biggest change you are going to see over the next year is that we want to bring our toy stores to life,” Brandon says. “I want kids to be dragging their parents to our stores because they want to see what’s going on at Toys ‘R’ Us this weekend.” How well Brandon’s strategy works may say a lot about the future of specialty retailing. If any big-box chain can transform itself into an experiential destination, it’s Toys “R” Us. The retailer has a huge inherent advantage—kids already love the place. It will be a massive undertaking. The company has almost 600 stores in the U.S. and 700 more overseas. It still racks up almost $12 billion in annual sales—about 10 percent from the internet—and employs 62,000 workers. The retailer generates more revenue than Under Armour Inc., Lululemon Athletica Inc. and Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. combined. Bringing back fun Brandon’s plan is already under way in the run-up to the holiday season, when the retailer generates 40 percent of its revenue and all its operating income. Whether it’s letting shoppers fly  drones or take target practice with a Nerf blaster, all the changes Toys “R” Us is implementing or considering recall an era when retail was more theater than science. Apple is doing it well today, and Brandon says Toys “R” Us can do the same. The company is also testing video screens, sound effects and colorful motion-sensor lights, and unboxing more toys in play areas. It’s also hosting more events, such as Pokemon trading and birthday celebrations. “I want kids to come in here and not know where to go next because there are so many things going on,” says Brandon, who has seven young grandchildren. Toys “R” Us is also doing more to highlight major brands. Mattel Inc.’s American Girl will have its own department with dedicated staff. The chain is revamping how it treats Barbie, Mattel’s biggest line, by putting everything it sells for the brand -- from clothing to toys to electronics -- in one place. The retailer used a similar strategy last Christmas for Star Wars. Cash has been a concern since the 2005 buyout, making it harder for Toys “R” Us to invest in its stores. Brandon says the retailer has the resources it needs and will keep capital expenditures where they’ve been, at about $250 million a year. In addition to the swap, Toys “R” Us is working with lenders on refinancing $725 million in real estate-backed debt due in December 2017. The company has bought itself about 20 months before it needs to have a plan in place for $1.2 billion in loans due in 2019, according to Noel Hebert, a senior U.S. credit analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Familiar scenario Brandon has been in a similar spot before. In 1999, he became CEO of debt-laden Domino’s, which had recently been acquired by Bain for about $900 million. In an 11-year reign, he took the company public after boosting sales and profit, and led a bold and successful marketing campaign in 2009 that admitted that Domino’s pizza tasted awful. The company, where Brandon remains chairman, currently has a market value of $7 billion. Now Bain Capital has turned to Brandon once again. Joining Toys “R” Us returns the executive to running a large company and gives him a chance at redemption after a rocky tenure in his most-recent stint. In the early 1970s, Brandon played on the defensive line for the University of Michigan football team under legendary football coach Bo Schembechler. It was Schembechler who then served as a reference for Brandon when he landed a job after graduation at Procter & Gamble Co. After Domino’s, he returned to his alma mater as athletic director in 2010. In one of the few setbacks of his career, Brandon resigned less than four years later amid a string of bad publicity, including raising student ticket prices. At one point, students rallied for Brandon’s firing. At Toys “R” Us, Brandon’s growth plan includes obvious strategies like boosting online sales, which hit $1.3 billion last year. He also wants to open more stores. And not just in a fast-growing economy like China, but also in the U.S. with smaller locations — some about a quarter the size of a typical 40,000-square-foot unit — designed for New York and other cities that it abandoned because of high rent. “When it comes to all those millennials who want to live in those urban centers, we’re nowhere,” Brandon says. So far, the chain’s suppliers are on board, says Isaac Larian, the CEO and founder of toymaker MGA Entertainment Inc. Early on, Brandon made the rounds visiting manufacturers and impressed Larian with a willingness to hear the unvarnished truth about the retailer. “He’s not a B.S. type of guy,” said Larian, whose company is best known for its Bratz dolls. “He doesn’t have a big ego.” Toymakers, of course, have every reason to be rooting for him. The nightmare scenario is that if Toys “R” Us fails, MGA and larger competitors like Mattel and Hasbro would be left at the mercy of mass merchants like Wal-Mart and Amazon, which drive down prices. “The toy business needs to have an anchor in the mind of the consumer,” Larian said. “If no Toys ‘R’ Us, no toy business.” Email Tweet ADVERTISEMENT Recent Articles by Bloomberg News Pence tells House GOP to get ready for sweeping legislation Amazon taps merchants for warehouse space to expand inventory Dirty linen: Bed sheets scandal roils major U.S. retailers Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Restricted Content You must have JavaScript enabled to enjoy a limited number of articles over the next 30 days. Please clik here to continue without javascript.. GO Advanced Search This Week's Paper Democrats regroup after getting pasted in election Carmel's Midtown project finds its momentum $7M project restores luster of storied office tower Most Read Comments Most Emailed UPDATE: Layoffs begin at Angie's List as firm seeks suitors Oil executive Lucas on Trump's short list for interior secretary Former controller of Estridge Homes accused of $364K fraud scheme Marian University facing suit over professor's alleged sexual misconduct Pence to lead Trump transition team, replacing Christie as chairman Multimedia Images Videos IBJ Events Shane Johnson's editorial cartoons More Photos 2017 Economic Forecast: Changing of the guard More Videos Videos 2012 CFOs of the Year: Bill Brunner More Videos Events IBJ’s CFO of the Year honorees are impressive financial professionals who steer the fortunes of their companies and organizations. Join IBJ to celebrate them on Dec. 1. Nominations Do you know an individual or organization that goes above and beyond to improve health care in the Indianapolis area? Let them know their contributions matter. Nominate them for IBJ’s 2017 Health Care Heroes Awards program. For more information or to submit a nomination, visit www.ibj.com/nominations More Events Back to Top SUBSCRIPTIONS Online & Print Subscriptions FREE eNews SUBMIT TO EDIT Submit People Submit Records IBJ Awards FTP to IBJ IBJ.COM ACCOUNT My Account FREE IBJ.com Registrations EVENTS Upcoming IBJ Events Event Sponsorship Award Nominations SUPPORT & INFORMATION Customer Service Contact Us Privacy Policy Career Opportunities Newsstand Locations Reprints ONLINE PRODUCTS Bookstore ADVERTISING IBJ Advertising Contacts Classifieds Submit Advertising MULTIMEDIA Photo Galleries Videos IBJ on Facebook IBJ on Twitter Get IBJ Widgets IBJ.com Book of Lists Editorial Calendar Archives IBJ Digital Newspaper Past Print Issues Magazines/Supplements Polls Sitemap OTHER IBJ MEDIA WEBSITES The Indiana Lawyer Court & Commercial Record IBJ Custom Publishing IBJ Book Publishing Copyright © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use. Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy Have Changed By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. ACCEPT IBJ MEDIA CORP 317-634-6200 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing.


Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MARKETING 3 Tricks to Getting Your Social Video to go Viral A few hundred views isn't worth any company's time or money. Here's how to have the best chance at getting millions upon millions of views. By Christina DesMarais Christina DesMarais is an Inc.com contributor who writes about the tech startup community, covering innovative ideas, news, and trends. On Google+, add her to one of your circles. Have a tip? Email her at christinadesmarais (at) live (dot) com. @salubriousdish Contributor, Inc.com@salubriousdish WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement If you want to connect with consumers and get them engaging with your brand, video is the key to their hearts. But a few hundred views isn't worth any company's time or money. Rather, you want millions upon millions of views and if done right, any brand should be able to pull it off. That's according to Jim Rudden, CMO of Spredfast, a an enterprise social media marketing platform helping companies including Airbnb, Best Buy, Hyundai and Target manage audience experiences and monitor brand engagement on social. Here are the things he says you need to remember if you want your social videos to go viral. 1. Think about what your competitors are not doing. With so many companies using social networks as a marketing channel, repetition is everywhere. Considering what your audience is seeing in its news feed every day, the question you should ask is, "What would be a different approach?" If you don't surprise people, you won't get the views and shares you're after. 2. Understand the three things people like to share. First, if your followers believe in something you stand for, create content around that topic. Second, share interesting information such as a unique point of view or surprising data from research. Third, post content that people will connect with emotionally. Not sure what that looks like? Check out Procter & Gamble's "Thank you, Mom" series. 3. Understand the quirks of the channel you're using. You need to know, for example, that any video on Facebook will launch with the sound off. If your compelling message depends on sound, you'll need to employ some kind of textual cue to get viewers to turn on the volume. On Snapchat, it's the opposite and until a viewer turns off the sound at least the first couple of seconds of voice or music will be heard. "You [can't] produce video once and reuse it everywhere," he says. "If you want success or virality on social in general and specifically across platforms, then you really have to be mindful of platform nuances." The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Sep 19, 2016 Advertisement
null
   English | Malay | Mandarin | | Español ABOUT BERNAMA Organisation Management Committee Who's who BERNAMA Services Client's Charter Helpdesk Organisation Chart Map to BERNAMA GENERAL General Main News List State News 1Malaysia Perspectives On Current Issues POLITICS Politic Main News List BUSINESS Business Main News List Markets SPORTS Sports Main News List FEATURES Features Main News List WORLD World Main NAM News Network (NNN) News List E-NEWSLETTER WEB TV ARCHIVED INFOGRAPHICS Microsite ›› Banking & Finance   • Auto   • Aviation   • Maritime   • Education   • Property   • Youth   • eBiz  S News Who's Who BUSINESS › NEWS LIAM Appoints Gross Management Committee Member Joseph GrossKUALA LUMPUR, Sept 19 (Bernama) -- The Life Insurance Association of Malaysia (LIAM) has appointed Joseph Gross, Chief Executive Officer of Allianz Life Insurance Malaysia Bhd, as a new member of its management committee for the 2016/2017 term. In a statement today, LIAM said, Gross, a Business Administration graduate from University of Frankfurt, Germany, started his career with Procter & Gamble, a leading global fast-moving consumer goods company in 1991. In 2002, he joined Allianz SE in Germany as Senior Vice President, Group Marketing. "Gross was instrumental in building Allianz into a strong global brand as well as introducing customer- and market-driven strategic planning to the group," it said. -- BERNAMA >> Newslist Previous Top Stories Agong, Permaisuri Attend ATM Dinner Rallies Involving Yelllow, Red, Black And White In Kuala Lumpur Tomorrow Illegal - Police Najib Condemns Missile Attack On Makkah Other News Headlines Selangor Umno Cannot Stop Members From Participating At Tomorrow's Rally - Noh- politic Labuan IBFC To Offer Cost-effective & Lucrative Solutions To Local Businesses- business Seven Asian Nations Want More Study On 11-point Scoring System For Badminton- sports Malaysia's Halal Products Welcomed In China- features Former Sri Lankan Diplomat Arrested For Corruption- world Most Read News Agong, Permaisuri Attend ATM Dinner Rallies Involving Yelllow, Red, Black And White In Kuala Lumpur Tomorrow Illegal - Police Democracy Means Follow The Constitution - Salleh Home | Sitemap | Contact Us | General | Politics | Business | Sports | Features | World | Full News List | Archived News | RSS Feeds © 2016 BERNAMA. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer | Privacy Policy| Security Policy This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in any form except with the prior written permission of BERNAMA. Best viewed in Firefox 35.0.1 & Internet Explorer 8.0 with 1024 x 768 resolution Contact us 03-26939933 | E-mail helpdesk@bernama.com

News Albania Startups Investment Commentary Events Stories Calendar Newsletter More Tech Mobile Business Marketing Interviews Books           News Albania Startups Investment Commentary Events Stories Calendar Newsletter More Tech Mobile Business Marketing Interviews Books About us Advertise Contact   By: Çelik Nimani Events Crowdsourcing Week Summit Gjakova, Speaker Round 2 2015-09-28 Bonevet Makerspace in Gjakova is on its way for CSW Gjakova and the Crowdsourcing Summit in general. The first round of speakers can be found here.   Epi Ludvik Nekaj Epi is the founder of Crowdsourcing Week, the platform designed to bring open innovation and efficiency to organizations by leveraging the power of the Crowd. Founded in 2012, it has since then produced two flagship global conferences, organized crowdsourcing summits across three continents, and built excitement around a global movement. He has also founded Ludvik&Partners, one of New York’s hottest boutique virtual ad agencies built on a 100% crowdsourcing model. A couple of days ago we had the pleasure to interview Epi, and follow-up on what is expected for this weeks Summit, so head on here to read more.   Georg Fankhauser Georg shaped the vision of Gjakova, through being inspired by six years of motivating project experiences in Kosovo and his personal enthusiasm for Gjakova. As chairman he brings in the learnings from his professional career as economist, entrepreneur, member of various boards, Investor and from his private life as partner, father, grandfather, music enthusiast and sponsor, hobby cellist. Georg is expected to share more light on why he has chosen to be involved with the city of Gjakova and make amazing projects come to life.   Emanuele Musa Emanuele Musa is graduated in electronic engineering at the Politecnico di Torino, and in International Management at the European School of Management ESCP (London – Paris – Rio de Janeiro). The concept of Babele was the subject of his master thesis in Brazil. Previous work experience include: Project Planning and Management for Procter & Gamble in Paris, financial analysis at the Fund Manager “AE Global Investment Solutions ltd” in London, strategic analysis at Bombardier Transportation in Brussels, strategy consulting at Advention Business Partners in Paris and management consulting at IBM in Paris. Emanuele will be sharing a panel with Kushtrim and Epi on what is crowdsourcing and why it’s important in todays economies. Stay tuned for the next final round of speakers, and make sure to check out the website for details. Share Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Tags: crowdsourcing emanuele musa epi ludvik nekaj Trending South Central Ventures scouting for startups in Kosovo How to place your startup on the global map AI will destroy jobs and governments are not prepared! Gjirafa launches the Amazon of Kosovo – Gjirafa50 Kosovo gets international phone code +383 Tech and Tourism Innovation Week at CBC Innovation Hub in Kosovo Create Value from uncertainty from the Design a Better Business Book About us Advertise Contact All Rights Reserved Digjitale © 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search Connect Menu Search Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society Must Reads 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism LawPoliticsNews What You Need to Know About Attorney General Nominee Jeff Sessions  PoliticsNews What You Need to Know About Mike Flynn, Trump’s Pick for National Security Adviser PoliticsCommentary How to Make the Case for Holding Congress Accountable Until Inauguration Day Health Care News Electing to ‘Opt Out’ of Obamacare  PoliticsNews What You Need to Know About Mike Flynn, Trump’s Pick for National Security Adviser  PoliticsNews Trump Cabinet Timing in Line With Past Presidents  PoliticsNews Conservatives Hopeful Pence Will Play Big Role in New Administration    International News The Top Foreign Conflicts Trump Will Inherit     SocietyNews Sanctuary Cities Defy Trump’s Pledge to Defund Them. How He Can Fight Back.  SocietyCommentary Trump Has Effective Plan to Curb Illegal Immigration, Secure Border   SecurityNews Is the Wall Possible? What Trump Can Do on Immigration   SecurityNews Poll Shows Americans Want Less Immigration, More Enforcement Health Care News Electing to ‘Opt Out’ of Obamacare Health Care News Republicans Begin to Unite Around Obamacare Repeal Plan Health Care Commentary What Obama Got Wrong in His Latest Defense of Obamacare Health Care News How Republicans Can Start to Dismantle Obamacare With a Trump Presidency  Commentary With Trump’s Election, the Future of the Courts Looks Brighter Law Commentary A Coup Against the Constitution Law News 2 GOP Senators Advocate Post-Election Vote on Supreme Court Nominee Society News Congress Demands Explanation for Clarence Thomas’ Exclusion From Black History Smithsonian    International News The Top Foreign Conflicts Trump Will Inherit Security Commentary US Security Benefits When Japan, South Korea Share Intelligence Security Commentary What the US Needs to Do About Russia’s Cyberattacks International News How Republicans Plan to Shape the Next President’s Iran Policy PoliticsNews The Woman Behind the Group the Left Loves to Hate Melissa Quinn / @MelissaQuinn97 / September 18, 2016 / Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print “If business doesn’t stand up for itself in its right to engage in this debate and this dialogue, then they’re going to lose their ability to do that," says Lisa Nelson, who took over as CEO of the American Legislative Exchange Council in 2014. (Photo: American Legislative Exchange Council) It was 9 o’clock at night when Bill Meierling, a top official at the American Legislative Exchange Council, received the word from NPR’s “The Diane Rehm Show.” ALEC’s newly appointed CEO, Lisa Nelson, was scheduled to appear the next morning on Rehm’s long-running, Washington-based radio show. But ALEC’s critics on the left had posted their displeasure about Nelson’s appearance on the show’s website, arguing that the panel of guests wasn’t going to be balanced. So Rehm’s producers changed the lineup at the last minute to include another ALEC critic. “I found it energizing,” Nelson recalls of her appearance on the show, “because I was completely forward looking.” It was Oct. 2, 2014. Nelson originally was scheduled to appear on “The Diane Rehm Show” that day with Tom Hamburger, a reporter for The Washington Post who covers what the newspaper calls the intersection of money and politics, and John Nichols, national affairs correspondent for The Nation, a liberal magazine. Grover Norquist, president of Americans for Tax Reform, was to call in. But, pressed by ALEC’s opponents, Rehm’s producers added Miles Rapoport, then president of the liberal citizens’ advocacy group Common Cause, to the show. Rapoport and Common Cause, where he is now a senior adviser, were no strangers to Nelson, who had taken the helm at ALEC two months earlier. For several years, Common Cause had been pressuring corporate members of ALEC to withdraw support from the group, a network of lawmakers, researchers, and business leaders that advocates free market policies in state legislatures. In 2012 and 2013, Common Cause had filed complaints with the Internal Revenue Service against ALEC, alleging the group violated the terms of its tax-exempt status by engaging in lobbying activities. ALEC maintains that the group doesn’t lobby. Rapoport’s sudden addition to Rehm’s show wasn’t the only change. When Norquist, a well-known conservative, called in to participate as scheduled, Rehm told her producers to keep him on hold, Nelson recalls in an interview with The Daily Signal. For the length of the show—a full hour—Norquist waited, but the producers never opened up his line. Nichols, however, one of the authors of a 2011 series in The Nation called “ALEC Exposed,” was on the air for about 10 minutes. “The Diane Rehm Show” did not respond to The Daily Signal’s request for comment. During the show, Rapoport and Nichols accused ALEC of placing the interests of its corporate members ahead of the constituents who elected the organization’s more than 2,000 public members, all of them state lawmakers. The two also criticized ALEC for its stance on climate change and prior support of voter ID laws. The criticism wasn’t anything new for Nelson, who, though having just taken over ALEC, was fully aware of the pressure progressive groups were putting on the organization’s corporate members to drop out. Nelson was unfazed by their efforts to beat up on ALEC.  The encounter on Rehm’s show was “manufactured,” she says today. “I found it energizing because—and I think it was probably a blessing that it was so early in my tenure—because I was completely forward looking,” Nelson tells The Daily Signal. “I was able to say, ‘No, whatever happened in the past is the past, and I’m looking forward.’” ‘Refocusing’ ALEC ALEC, founded in 1973, had been fielding attacks from the left for years, though those opponents have increased the attacks since the 2010 midterm elections. And while ALEC’s leadership had made some changes prior to Nelson’s coming on board, she says, she served as the catalyst for more changes, which included a new commitment to transparency. For example, starting in 2013, the group began posting drafts of model policies on its website, as well as financial filings to the IRS. More than 70 reporters attended ALEC’s annual meeting in Indianapolis this past July. But perhaps the biggest change under Nelson has come in the way the group is dealing with pressure from groups such as Common Cause and publications such as The Nation: Instead of remaining silent, as ALEC had done in the past, Nelson is hitting back. “I was here pre-Lisa Nelson and post-Lisa Nelson,” Meierling, ALEC’s vice president of public affairs, tells The Daily Signal. “What the organization needed was an energetic, agenda-setting leader, and Lisa is that person to be able to coalesce powerful communities around ideas and catalyze them to action.” Marianne Eterno, vice president of government relations at Guarantee Trust Life Insurance Co., a long-time private member of the organization, says the ALEC of today is quite different than the ALEC of the past. “[Nelson] refocused ALEC on its true mission, which is hard to do when you’re under assault, which ALEC was two years ago,” Eterno, who sits on ALEC’s Private Enterprise Advisory Council, tells The Daily Signal. “To her credit, not only did she successfully beat back all of ALEC’s detractors—they’re still out there, but they’re not having the effect they used to—she also was able to refocus the organization and get them moving forward.” “To do both of them simultaneously and be so successful is absolutely amazing,” Eterno says. ‘Slings and Arrows’ Walk into Nelson’s office at ALEC’s Arlington, Virginia, headquarters, and her conservative bonafides become clear. Photos of Nelson with House Speaker Paul Ryan, President George W. Bush, and 2016 Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina line her bookshelf, alongside others with actor Morgan Freeman and Oprah Winfrey. A copy of the cover from National Review’s first edition from 1955, signed by the staff, hangs on a wall. In 1991, Nelson set up National Review Institute for the conservative magazine’s iconic founder, William F. Buckley Jr. On a ledge below a television playing Fox News Channel is a gavel from the 105th Congress in 1997. That was the year Nelson went to work as an adviser to then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich, leaving her job as executive director of GOPAC—an organization founded 18 years earlier to train Republicans running for public office. It was Nelson’s work with Gingrich after the Republican Revolution of 1994 that she says readied her for the attacks waged on ALEC. “Working for Newt prepared me for kind of the slings and arrows,” Nelson says. “When you’re in the speaker’s office, when you’ve taken the House for the first time in 40 years, there are going to be a lot of people trying to poke holes in what you’re trying to do.” When Nelson became CEO of ALEC, Gingrich praised her leadership skills. “Lisa Nelson was a key leader at GOPAC in developing the Contract with America,” Gingrich said in a statement at the time. “She is a great leader with a deep public policy interest and a real understanding of innovation. She will greatly enhance ALEC’s ability to serve state legislators.” The former House speaker did not respond to The Daily Signal’s request for comment for this article. Iowa state Rep. Linda Upmeyer, a Republican, was national chairman of ALEC when Nelson took over as CEO in 2014. In the past two years, Upmeyer says, Nelson has increased transparency within ALEC and faced opposition from progressive groups head on. “She’s been wonderful about making sure we stay our course, making sure that mission, the true mission, the legs of the stool, are incorporated into everything we undertake,” Upmeyer tells The Daily Signal. “We pushed back [against opposition] hard, and Lisa has really led that charge.” ‘Pretty Good Instincts’ Above Nelson’s desk are two nearly identical pictures that give visitors a condensed version of her résumé: a degree in political science and international relations from the University of California at Berkeley; executive director at GOPAC; public affairs liaison to Gingrich; senior vice president for external relations at AOL-Time Warner; head of government relations at Visa Inc.; and today, CEO of ALEC. Just three weeks before she appeared on “The Diane Rehm Show,” Google CEO Eric Schmidt, in his own interview on Rehm’s show, said Google would be leaving ALEC because the organization supposedly denies that mankind’s activities are raising global temperatures. ALEC argues that climate change is an “historical phenomenon and the debate will continue on the significance of natural and anthropogenic contributions.” Nelson, meanwhile, credits Gingrich and the work of Republicans during the 1990s with setting the landscape that allowed technology companies such as Google to thrive. And Nelson says she had a “very personal reaction” to the news that the tech giant was leaving ALEC, given her connection to Silicon Valley. “I came to this organization thinking that I was going to bring in the technology community and the true innovators out of Silicon Valley. I knew exactly who they were, and I knew exactly how they’re politically motivated,” she says, adding: I think we had pretty good instincts on how hard to push back [against opponents of ALEC], which gave us a lot of courage to say, ‘We can do this, we can push back, and we can answer to these companies that are kind of caving to the intimidation and to the games that are being played.’ Lisa Nelson, CEO of ALEC, describes herself as a catalyst for changes that have made the organization more transparent. (Photo: American Legislative Exchange Council) Progressive groups have had their eyes on ALEC for years, but they ramped up pressure on its corporate members after the 2012 shooting death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida. ALEC has said it based model legislation for states on Florida’s “Stand Your Ground” law, which allows someone who feels threatened to “meet force with force, including deadly force.” Critics said that law protected George Zimmerman, who a jury found not guilty in the fatal shooting of Martin. One month after Martin’s death, the group Color of Change, co-founded by Rashad Robinson and Van Jones, a former adviser to President Barack Obama, sent letters to CEOs and boards of corporations—among them Amazon, Coca-Cola, John Deere, McDonald’s, Pepsi, Procter & Gamble, Wendy’s, and Visa—they suspected were ALEC members. Facing ‘Corporate Blackmail’ Nelson, who worked at Visa at the time, saw a letter Color of Change sent to Joseph Saunders, then-CEO of Visa, and the corporation’s board of directors. “Our members and our allies have been calling on companies to stop supporting the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), and we have promised them that we will publicly hold accountable corporations that continue to fund ALEC,” the letter read. Color of Change’s letter went on to warn the targeted companies that it planned to run radio ads to “make consumers aware” of their relationships with ALEC and the “policies it supports.” The letter added: “We plan to begin running these ads soon on Black radio stations across the country. We also plan to make the media aware of this ad campaign.” Included were links to audio recordings of the radio ads, which accused ALEC of “attacking the rights of black folks, Latinos, and workers in states across the country.” The letter was “corporate blackmail,” Nelson says, and she urged Saunders not to cower to the threats. She recalls: The conversation with my CEO was literally, ‘We are not going to let them bully us … and we’re not going to let them tell us who we can be members of and who we can’t.’ If you buckle into something like this and into a tactic like this, then who’s to say what’s next? Visa ended up continuing its relationship with ALEC. Other corporations, including Amazon and Wal-Mart in 2012 and Google in 2014, folded. Since taking over ALEC in 2014, Nelson says, she has proactively had conversations with leaders of member companies as the attacks have continued. “If business doesn’t stand up for itself in its right to engage in this debate and this dialogue, then they’re going to lose their ability to do that,” Nelson says. “It’s frustrating to see that a company could kind of lay down so easily.” ‘The Water Is Warm’ One of Nelson’s original goals for ALEC was to grow the organization both in terms of public members—state lawmakers—and private members—corporations, small businesses, trade associations, and think tanks. And though she has served as the group’s top executive for only two years—and in spite of the high-profile exits—ALEC’s membership has climbed. The organization grew by 17 percent in private-sector membership, with 28 companies joining. ALEC currently has more than 200 private members. In 2016, according to the group, it added 360 new legislators to the ranks and had 600 first-time attendees at its annual conference in Indiana. ALEC also is expanding into new policy arenas. Through its Center for Innovation and Technology, the organization is fostering discussions around the gig, or shared, economy. Additionally, Nelson says, ALEC will focus on issues of free speech, academic freedom, and donor privacy. In recent years, liberal activist groups have sought to force ALEC and other nonprofits with whom they disagree to disclose donors. Opponents of such efforts say the goal is to intimidate donors and chill free speech. Nelson says she firmly believes ALEC exists to foster debate among legislators and to help them land “in the right place.” She says: It’s all fair in love and war, and in the area of policy and debates. We want to have debate on all sides of any issue. We want to bring in all the people on all sides. And while some organizations may shy away from the heated opposition that has plagued ALEC, Nelson has just one thing to say to her group’s detractors: Join. “The water,” she says, “is warm.” The Daily Signal depends on the support of readers like you. Donate now Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Email Comments Print @MelissaQuinn97 Melissa Quinn Melissa Quinn is a senior news reporter for The Daily Signal. Send an email to Melissa. Related InternationalCommentary The Pathway Out of Paris PoliticsCommentary After Royally Screwing Up the Election, the Media Want Control Over Your Facebook News Energy Commentary Debunking Leonardo DiCaprio’s Climate Change Documentary Join The Discussion Back to Top Featured 2016 Immigration Obamacare Supreme Court Terrorism Home Topics Economy Education Energy Health Care International Law Politics Security Society More Information Authors About The Daily Signal Contact Us Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Copyright Information About The Heritage Foundation Donate Connect with us Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ YouTube Get Free Alerts from The Daily Signal Join the millions of people who benefit from The Daily Signal’s fair, accurate, trustworthy reporting with direct access to: Intelligence from inside Washington Deep policy understanding from over 100 experts Your privacy is important to us Don’t have time to read the Washington Post or New York Times? Then get The Morning Bell, an early morning edition of the day’s most important political news, conservative commentary and original reporting from a team committed to following the truth no matter where it leads. Email address Ever feel like the only difference between the New York Times and Washington Post is the name? We do. Try the Morning Bell and get the day’s most important news and commentary from a team committed to the truth in formats that respect your time…and your intelligence. Email address ﻿
11:23 AM Fri, Nov. 18th Weather  46.0° News Tips - Contact Editor e-Edition Sign in The Daily Courier Jump to content Search Sponsored By: News Business Elections Neighbors Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Blogs Sportsf High School College Local National NAZ Suns Kudos Out & About Chew on this Music & Nightlife Words Stage & Screen Art & Style Features Real Estate Life Couples Birth Recognition Obituaries Classifieds More 928 Media Lab Archives: Pre-Web Arizona Rewards Courier Cooks Daily News Email Event Calendar Mobile Apps Other Publications Photo Galleries Place an Ad Public Notices Purchase a Photo Real Estate Search Special Sections Submit Subscriber Services (Starts-Stops) This Week's Circulars (Flipp) Today's Ads (Flyerboard) TV Listings Worship Directory Contact Us Obituary: John R Cooper Sr. John R Cooper Sr. Originally Published: September 18, 2016 6 a.m. Share Tweet John R. Cooper, Sr., 85, Prescott’s historically elected First African/ American City Councilman (1997-1999) and Mayor Pro Tempore (1999-2001) passed away on August 4, 2016 at Good Samaritan Marley House in Prescott of complications from a rare, Cortico Basal Syndrone, brain disorder (PSP). “Dick” as he was best known was born October 14, 1930 in Wyoming, Ohio the third of five children, to Geneva and William Cooper. He is survived by his wife of sixty-one years, Lula, daughters Alicia Assefa, El Cerrito, California, Ellen and Lynn Cooper of Wilmington, Delaware and son, John R. Cooper, Jr. of Marysville, Ohio, six grandchildren, Jordan Cooper, Alexander Brown, Tatiana Assefa, Altagracia, Paloma, Alexis and Makenzie Cooper, a brother, Stewart K. Cooper and family of Decatur, Georgia and sister, Barbara Cooper Hodge and family of Wyoming, Ohio and many nieces and nephews. He was preceded in death by step sister, Mary Frances Keeter of Prescott and Tucson, sister, Alice Cooper Thurman of Cincinnati, Ohio, step brother, James Laine of Winchester, Kentucky and brother, William K. Cooper of Baltimore, Maryland and Tucson, Arizona. Educated in Wyoming, Ohio Public Schools, he was graduated from high school in 1948, a National Merit Scholar, president of his senior class, Band clarinetist and member of the “Wyoming Cowboys” football team. He attended Yale University in New Haven, Connecticut on a four year academic scholarship; received his B.S. in Chemistry in 1952 and was made a member of Yale’s Alpha XI Chapter of the Phi Lampbda Upsilon Honorary Chemistry Society. Dick and Lula married in 1954 two years after he entered Graduate School at the University of Cincinnati in Cincinnati, Ohio. At UC he was a Proctor and Gamble Fellow and received his PhD in Organic Chemistry in 1956. The Cooper Family of three then, moved to Wilmington, Delaware where Dick worked thirty-five years employed by the E. I. DuPont Company. He had seventeen patents and retired as Director of Environmental Affairs. In 1992, Dick moved to Prescott and as a volunteer, chaired the Boards of SCORE (Service Corps of Retired Executives), the ADULT CENTER and the PUBLIC ACCESS CHANNEL. He helped raise funding for the NATURE CENTER and the Adult Center. As City Councilman and Mayor Pro Tempore he worked with Prescott’s Fire Department, helped solve Citizens’ concerns, especially the Sandretto Hills drainage problem, represented Prescott at the “Sister Cities” activities in Caborca, Mexico and served as a member of NACOG (Northern Arizona Council of Governments) Board. When he ran for Mayor Dick’s slogan was “He Puts People First”. A Memorial for Prescott’s “Dick Cooper” will be held Friday, September 23, 2016 at the The Adult Center of Prescott, 1280 Rosser Street, Prescott from 12-2 p.m. Information provided by survivors. Sign in to favorite this Discuss 3 comments More like this story Former Prescott councilman left legacy of ‘putting people first’ Column: Dick Cooper was leader, ‘great warrior’ Conflict-of-interest claims continue to surface in election Birth: Mackenzie Rose Strong 69CCC, Harkins dispute letter; Mall issue keeps mayoral race hopping Sign in to comment Comments Comments are not posted immediately. Submissions must adhere to our Use of Service Terms of Use agreement. Rambling or nonsensical comments may not be posted. In order for us to reasonably manage this feature we may limit excessive comment entries. Bearcub13 2 months ago Editor, Why is this obit not also in the news section???? Upvote 1 Add photo Post reply Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal iloveprescott 2 months ago Very good point. Upvote 0 Add photo Post reply Sign in to reply Sign in to suggest removal MOST READ 7 days 30 days Child dies in Highway 89 accident Teacher, boyfriend charged in drug case Game show dream comes true Fatal accident shuts down Highway 89 in Chino Valley Good or bad, $10 an hour coming soon NEED2KNOW: Nastee Dogs remodeling; Chipotle fundraiser; Black Hole Beer Company being sold; hiring events PROTECTING PRESCOTT: Firebreak finished after 43 years Murder suspect extradited from California, now in Camp Verde jail Prescott’s skatepark closes for a week over vandalism, behavior issues Trump wins Arizona, picks up 11 more electoral votes Prescott Valley sex trafficking operation busted Child dies in Highway 89 accident Obituary: Alexander James Knapp DPS: 4 hurt seriously when cattle hauler strikes 23 cars on I-17 Prescott Valley family coping with injuries from Sunday’s 24-vehicle crash Two caught in drug bust; another suspect sought DPS: 4 hurt seriously when truck strikes 23 cars on I-17 Hotshots memorial trail nearly complete; path expected to be open Nov. 29 Election results - Yavapai County, Arizona Teacher, boyfriend charged in drug case SECTIONS News Opinion Sports Kudos Features Life Obituaries CLASSIFIEDS Main Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an Ad Contact Us EVENTS Today's Events Births Wedding Engagement Search Events Submit Event SUBMISSIONS Submit a News Tip Birth Wedding Engagement Anniversary Website Feedback Subscriber Services PROFILE Sign In Daily News Email Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 The Daily Courier and Western News & Info®, Inc. All rights reserved. | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > 360 Market Updates Tweet   Shampoo Market: Study Applications, Types and Market Analysis including Growth, Trends and Forecasts to 2021 In depth analysis of Shampoo Market is a crucial thing for various stake holders like investors, CEOs, traders, suppliers and others.   Shampoo Market (EMAILWIRE.COM, September 18, 2016 ) The Shampoo Market research report is a resource, which provides technical and financial details of the Shampoo industry. Browse detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Shampoo Research Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/global-shampoo-sales-market-report-2020-10257426 To begin with, the report elaborates the Shampoo market overview. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Shampoo market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Next part of the Shampoo market analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process of whole Shampoo. Get Sample PDF of Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10257426 Along with consumption. Import and export data for following countries is given:  North America  China  Europe  Japan  India  Southeast Asia After the basic information about Shampoo market, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Shampoo Industry growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Following are the key players covered in this research report in Shampoo Market. L'OREAL P&G Estee Lauder Shiseido Unilever LVMH Chanel Korea amore Pacific Group Schwarzkopf and many more Purchase Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/checkout/10257426 Further in the report, the Shampoo market is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The Shampoo market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Shampoo Industry key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. For Pre-Order Enquiry, Ask @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10257426 In this Shampoo Market analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. With the help of supply and consumption data, gap between these two is also explained. No. of Report pages: 126 Price of Report: $4000 (Single User Licence) Ask for Discount @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10257426 About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact Information: 360 Market Updates Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2016
null
No Ads Friday | November 18, 2016 Trending Pope Francis favors Latin American cardinals, cuts European power 11/17/16 11:17 AM Obama sets new record for regulations, 527 pages in just one day 11/17/16 12:14 PM Bernie Sanders: Hillary to play 'important role, needs to be heard' 11/17/16 10:09 AM $42 billion in Obama regulations on Trump's chopping block 11/17/16 08:36 AM GOP still deciding what Obamacare 'repeal and replace' means 11/18/16 12:39 AM Trump's term limits would retire Paul Ryan and his leadership team 11/17/16 04:09 PM No guarantee for senators up for top Cabinet posts 11/18/16 12:16 AM Why the Left and the Right should oppose government registries 11/18/16 12:01 AM Ten of the most embarrassing moments from Hillary Clinton's campaign 11/17/16 08:37 PM Pelosi wistful for Romney — does she regret casting him as a racist, sexist bigot? 11/17/16 04:06 PM Poll: Most say Comey letter had no impact on their vote 11/17/16 08:10 AM Wyden: Clapper's intelligence community 'engaged in a deception spree' 11/17/16 01:51 PM The Trump Cabinet, adviser list: Kissinger, Sessions, Haley 11/16/16 09:03 PM You'd better get used to hearing Clinton referred to as the 'people's president' 11/17/16 12:47 PM Snowden files: Two surveillance programs operated out of AT&T building 11/17/16 01:03 PM Liberal group says no Dems should accept education secretary appointment 11/17/16 02:48 PM Why are some Republicans against 'draining the swamp'? 11/18/16 12:01 AM School choice advocate Betsy DeVos to front for Education secretary 11/16/16 11:20 AM GOP trolls Pelosi with endorsement 11/17/16 04:16 PM Axelrod scolds critics of Trump's transition progress 11/17/16 01:21 PM Ford Motors 'encouraged' by Trump to keep jobs in US 11/18/16 12:02 AM Trump to take 'victory tour' of states he won 11/17/16 03:55 PM Report: Trump 'never advocated' for Muslim registry 11/17/16 08:53 PM Obama admits his endorsement may not help foreign leaders 11/17/16 01:57 PM Presidential Pitchman: Obamacare 'less than your cellphone bill,' $75 11/16/16 10:36 AM Obama and Merkel prejudge Trump to own detriment 11/17/16 01:28 PM Trump team sets up Pentagon briefings for Friday 11/17/16 08:02 PM Conservative college president considered for education secretary 11/17/16 03:42 PM Director of National Intelligence James Clapper resigns from Obama administration 11/17/16 09:55 AM AG Lynch: Election created 'fear and uncertainty' for immigrants 11/17/16 01:17 PM Trump is freezing out Christie; Stalin had his political opponents imprisoned and murdered 11/17/16 01:14 PM Obama on anti-Trump protesters: 'I wouldn't advise them to be silent' 11/17/16 01:10 PM Report: Perry makes the Trump short list for energy chief 11/17/16 12:48 PM Was Trump on to something with apprenticeships? 11/17/16 11:42 AM Warren: Trump's word means 'nothing' 11/17/16 03:33 PM Trump taps Flynn for national security adviser job 11/17/16 07:29 PM Trump escaping NYC this weekend for New Jersey 11/17/16 06:22 PM Pelosi calls for probe of Russians, FBI leak to Giuliani 11/17/16 11:57 AM Ryan backs term limits 11/17/16 12:08 PM No contact between Trump and State Department on cusp of meeting Japanese PM 11/17/16 05:07 PM Pelosi challenged by Tim Ryan to lead House Dems 11/17/16 03:15 PM Rep. Rohrabacher, Afghan expert, knows Putin, emerges as State pick 11/15/16 09:17 PM Cuomo caught by the Right and Left in failed crony magic trick 11/17/16 11:11 AM Russia threatens US media after State Department criticizes reporter 11/17/16 12:04 PM Study showing 'Fake News' beating 'Real News' looks like garbage 11/16/16 09:51 PM State Dept. 'now in contact' with Trump's team 11/17/16 07:40 PM Trump Democrats are for real 11/18/16 12:01 AM LeBron James drops $2.5M for Smithsonian's Muhammad Ali exhibit 11/17/16 06:26 PM Trump is right: Some countries refuse to accept their deported criminals 11/17/16 12:02 AM Fire Sale on HillaryClinton.com merch 11/15/16 09:51 PM Home 2016 Election Politics Politics Home White House Congress Washington Secrets Campaigns Policy Policy Home Budgets & Deficits Health Care Economy Law Environment & Energy Technology Defense & National Security Special Reports Magazine Magazine Home Digital Edition Opinion Opinion Home Editorial Cartoons Editorials Columnists Op-Eds Commentary Series Watchdog Watchdog Home Investigative Series Beltway Confidential Media Video Newsletters Podcasts Employee Rights Act About Us About Us Editorial Advertise Contact Us President Obama will participate in a CNN town hall-style interview on the military, veterans and national security issues Sept. 28, two days after Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off in their first debate." (AP Photo/Susan Walsh, File) Obama set for national security interview on CNN By Susan Crabtree (@susancrabtree) • 9/19/16 5:51 PM Susan Crabtree White House Correspondent The Washington Examiner http://s3.amazonaws.com/content.washingtonexaminer.biz/images/static/authors/Crabtree-3.jpg Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More President Obama will participate in a CNN town hall-style interview on the military, veterans and national security issues Sept. 28, two days after Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off in their first debate. CNN anchor and chief Washington correspondent Jake Tapper will sit down with the president for a meeting titled, "America's military and the commander in chief," which will air live at 9 p.m. The president's national security legacy is a divisive topic, and opinions about its success or failure largely breaks down along partisan lines. Obama fulfilled his promise of ending the war in Iraq and bringing all troops home, and has reduced the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan. But the rise of the Islamic State and its ability to recruit and carry out attacks in western countries has thwarted his attempt to shift attention away from the Middle East. Subscribe today to get intelligence and analysis on defense and national security issues in your Inbox each weekday morning from veteran journalists Jamie McIntyre and Jacqueline Klimas. Sorry, there was a problem processing your email signup. Please try again later. Processing... Thank you for signing up for the Daily on Defense newsletter. You should receive your first issue soon! His decision not to enforce his own red line in Syria and ongoing violence there, along with the Islamic State's use of the war-torn country as a safe haven, will also impact his foreign policy legacy. Obama has also overseen what might have been the biggest scandal to hit the Department of Veterans Affairs, and the failure of that agency to keep up with the health demands of veterans has marred his record. Obama in 2014 was forced to oust VA Secretary Eric Shinseki amid a ballooning scandal that the agency was cooking its books to cover-up long appointment wait-times. Obama appointed former Procter & Gamble CEO Robert McDonald to replace him. Despite some improvements in wait times, stories about lax VA service and oversight have continued to plague the agency. Top Story Trump set to take sharp right turn on immigration policy If personnel is policy, this week in President-elect Trump's transition has been better for immigration hawks than foreign-policy doves. By W. James Antle III • 11/18/16 12:01 AM Share Tweet Mail Print SMS More Comments Sign Up for the Examiner Today newsletter! Please enter your information below to begin receiving the Examiner Today newsletter. You must enter a valid email address in the field above! Thank you for signing up for the Examiner Today newsletter! You should receive your first newsletter very soon. We're sorry, there was an error processing your newsletter signup. Please click here to visit our Newsletter Signup Center to register for this newsletter. TOPICS News | White House | Barack Obama | National Security | Susan Crabtree Subscribe to Alerts + News + White House + Barack Obama + National Security + Susan Crabtree Learn more about Washington Examiner's Alerts The Washington Examiner http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/s3/wex15/img/wex_eagle_large.png The Washington Examiner 2016 Washington, DC Politics 2016-09-19 http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/obama-set-for-national-security-interview-on-cnn/article/2602240 2016-09-19T17:51 2016-09-19T17:51 Obama set for national security interview on CNN President Obama will participate in a CNN town hall-style interview on the military, veterans and national security issues Sept. 28, two days after Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump face off in their first debate. CNN anchor and chief Washington correspondent Jake Tapper will sit down with the president for a meeting titled, America's military and the commander in chief, which will air live at 9 p.m. The president's national security legacy is a divisive topic, and opinions about its success or failure largely breaks down along partisan lines. Obama fulfilled his promise of ending the war in Iraq and bringing all troops home, and has reduced the U.S. military presence in Afghanistan. But the rise of the Islamic State and its ability to recruit and carry out attacks in western countries has thwarted his attempt to shift attention away from the Middle East. His decision not to enforce his own red line in Syria and ongoing violence there, along with the Islamic State's use of the war-torn country as a safe haven, will also impact his foreign policy legacy. Politics,News,White House,Barack Obama,National Security,Susan Crabtree,Minusextra http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-349e9f898ff4c6b90527113886edb3b6.jpg http://cdn.washingtonexaminer.biz/cache/360x205-349e9f898ff4c6b90527113886edb3b6.jpg 280280 Loading Next Article × THANKS FOR SHARING! Sign up for the Examiner Today newsletter which delivers a must-read briefing with exclusive reports and cutting-edge insights direct to your mailbox. I’ve already done this. Please don't show this to me again Can't find what you're looking for? Home About Us Magazine & Archives Editorial Advertise Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Close Ad
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Home & Garden posted: 9/18/2016 7:01 AM A collectible you can bank on Facebook Twitter 200 Google+ LinkedIn 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   This coin bank was originally a Nestle Chocolate Nesquick container.   Stetson China Co., a family-operated company, was founded in 1919.   By Anne McCollam Q. I read one of your recent columns regarding the Tootsie Roll bank. I'm in a similar situation, and I'm hoping you can shine some light. Attached is a picture of a bank that I have. I am 61, and I believe I've had it since I was about 10. The bank was originally a Nestle Chocolate Nesquik container. We always had Nesquik in the house, and once the container was empty we used it as a bank. The sides are cardboard, and the top and bottom are metal. There is a slit in the top for inserting coins. It can hold about $150 worth of change. It's quite heavy when full, but it has never showed any sign of giving out. It's really amazing that I have held onto it for some 50 years and that it's still in great shape. A couple of years ago I sent a picture to Nestle Group inquiring about its history. The response I received said that no one had any record of the bank promotion. I found that rather odd. Surely, there must be a record somewhere. I can't be the only person who has one. I had pretty much given up hope until I saw your column Your thoughts on its history would be appreciated. I'm not foolish enough to think that it has any value. It would just be nice to know whether I own a rare piece of Nestle memorabilia. A. Nestle was founded in Switzerland by pharmacist Henri Nestle in 1867. He began producing an innovative baby food formula. After being in competition with the Anglo-Saxon Condensed Milk Company, the two companies merged in 1905 to form Nestle Group. In 1948, the powdered milk mix Nesquik was introduced. It was marketed as an easy-to-make drink fortified with vitamins for children. Strawberry-flavored Nesquik was added in the 1950s, followed by banana and vanilla. In addition to Nesquik, the company makes candy bars, syrup and cereal. Your Nesquik bank was made circa 1960s and has been sold online for anywhere from $10 to $40. Q. This mark is on a set of dinnerware that belonged to my grandmother. She bought it in the late 1950s. It is decorated with wheat against a cream background. The set includes dinner plates, salad plates, cereal bowls, berry bowls, two serving bowls, and cups and saucers. What can you tell me about its value? A. Stetson China Co. was founded in 1919. A family-operated company, Stetson sold dinnerware in department stores. Sets were also made for Procter & Gamble to be sold as premiums for purchases. Your set would probably be worth between $130 and $200. • Address your questions to Anne McCollam, P.O. Box 247, Notre Dame, IN 46556. Items of a general interest will be answered in this column. Due to the volume of inquiries, she cannot answer individual letters. © 2016, Creators Syndicate Article Comments (0) Tweet This article filed under: Life & Entertainment Home & Garden Decor Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
