Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Procter & Gamble to Post Earnings Results: What You Need to Know Three trends investors will want to watch in P&G's quarterly report on Tuesday. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Oct 18, 2016 at 3:36PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) investors are feeling optimistic for a change. Its stock is up 14% in 2016, which puts the consumer goods giant in the top third of all Dow stocks in year-to-date performance. That rally puts pressure on P&G to show real business progress when it posts quarterly results on Tuesday, Oct. 25. Here's what investors will want to see from the company next week. Sales growth P&G has encouraging momentum heading into the first quarterly report of its new fiscal year. Organic sales improved to a 2% expansion pace last quarter from 1% the prior quarter and 0% over the prior six months.  Image source: P&G investor presentation. In addition, the recent gains were powered by higher sales volume, and not just increased prices, which is good news because it implies healthier, more balanced growth. With volumes rising across its portfolio, P&G is poised to end its market share slide after two years of below-average growth. Yet that rebound might be held back by a weakening industry. Rival Unilever (NYSE:UL) just posted a rare volume decline as its expansion pace worsened to 3% from 5%. Executives said that demand for consumer products around the world "slowed further" from its already soft pace. That's why investors will be eager to hear from P&G CEO David Taylor about how the company is navigating that slump, along with an update on what it might mean for the company's forecast of 2% overall organic growth in fiscal 2017. Margin expansion P&G's business is supposed to produce consistently strong earnings growth of around 8% each year. Yet the company has fallen far short of that aim lately. In each of the last two fiscal years, in fact, core earnings fell 2%.  Image source: Getty Images. The company in early August projected a return to form in fiscal 2017, with core earnings rising by about 6%. A major contributor to that goal will be ramped up cost cuts. P&G squeezed $1.4 billion per year out of its expense structure lately by reducing overhead and improving efficiencies throughout its supply chain. Executives aren't resting on that success, though, and plan to boost savings to a $2 billion annual pace over the next five years. Cutting against those gains will be increased spending on things like marketing and innovation research. P&G is ramping up advertising support for its biggest brands while pouring cash into sampling programs that get trial versions of products like the Gillette razor blade into millions of consumers' hands every year. Management believes that savings from cost cuts will be enough to fund this extra commitment, while still producing earnings of about $3.85 per share this year -- up from $3.67 per share in fiscal 2016. Cash generation and returns Even as operating results disappoint, cash flow has been a key bright spot for P&G shareholders. The company produced over $15 billion of operating cash last year, and free cash amounted to well over 100% of earnings, beating the company's long-term target of at least 90% cash flow productivity.  Besides demonstrating the strength of its business model, rising cash flow is important because it directly impacts shareholder returns. P&G plans to deliver a huge portion of its market capitalization to its investors through stock buybacks and dividends over the next few years ($22 billion in fiscal 2017 alone), so its cash generation will be critical to watch. If gains in this area are strong, the company will be able to goose investor returns by dramatically lowering its share count while hiking its dividend. If not, income investors will likely be disappointed by another weak dividend raise this year following 2016's tiny 1% uptick. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Procter and Gamble and Unilever. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitrios covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @TMFSigma Article Info Oct 18, 2016 at 3:36PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $39.85 down $0.28 (-0.70%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.58 up $0.62 (0.75%) Read More 3 Ways Procter & Gamble Co. Is Losing to the Competition 7 Best Payout Ratios in Consumer Goods Ignore Procter & Gamble: Here Are 3 Better Stocks P&G Stock History -- Why Procter & Gamble Co. Looks Good Long-Term How Procter & Gamble Co. Plans to Deliver $22 Billion to Shareholders This Year Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

null

Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Top Stocks to Buy for Your Grandchildren's Benefit If you're looking for stocks to buy for your grandchildren, our Foolish contributors recommend Procter & Gamble, General Electric, and Gilead Sciences. George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) Oct 17, 2016 at 7:07AM Image source: Getty Images. Buying stocks for your grandchildren can be a great way to ensure their financial future. However, it's not always easy picking stocks that are worthy of holding for exceedingly long periods of time. To help with this endeavor, our Foolish contributors offer up three stock picks below that appear to have the elements necessary to generate substantial returns over the long haul. Read on to find out which stocks they recommend, and why.  This "boring" brand should provide exciting long-term returns Jamal Carnette: I'm going to go against conventional wisdom by selecting Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). Most financial professionals recommend higher-risk, high-expected-return investments due to the long-term holding period, or advise buying a stock your grandchild knows and loves. Needless to say, Procter & Gamble likely doesn't fit either of these criteria. The most foreseeable risk for multigenerational investments is company-specific: the company going out of business due to lack of demand for its products. It's a safe assumption this will not occur with Procter & Gamble's Pampers, Bounty, Crest, Gillette, Head and Shoulders, and Tide brands. The current hot technology stock or clothing brand may not be relevant for long, but it's a safe bet that in 50 years consumers will still need to clean up spills, brush their teeth, shave, shower, and wash their clothes. Don't confuse boring products with boring returns: P&G stock has been on fire over the last year with a 26% one-year total return versus the S&P 500's increase of 10%. Over the last 15 years, P&G has averaged a return of 8% per year versus the S&P's gain of 7%. A large part of P&G's gains comes from the company's dividend, which currently yields 3%. Over the last 50 years, Procter & Gamble has grown that dividend at a rate of 9% per year. Putting Procter & Gamble stock in a dividend-reinvestment plan makes sense for long-term investors. Finally, there's a persistent belief among financial professionals that investments must excite young people in order to encourage them to invest. I think there's a possibility this approach might be teaching the youth wrong investing lessons. You should invest in a company because it has a favorable risk-return profile, not because you're currently enamored with a company's product. The consumer goods giant may not be exciting, but it's likely your grandchildren will use P&G products for the rest of their lives, so why not invest in the company? A smart, futuristic company for your grandchildren  Neha Chamaria: When you're considering stocks for a time frame as long as one that could benefit your grandchildren, you'd ideally look for a well-established global company with an unparalleled brand reputation, a wide moat, a track record of high returns, and promising growth prospects backed by products that can address the world's upcoming needs and challenges. Industrial stalwart General Electric (NYSE:GE) is one company that has it all. Image source: General Electric. Having freed itself of its volatile financial arm, GE Capital, the General Electric of today is stronger and leaner than ever. Through its seven core industrial business segments, GE gives you exposure to nearly every key industry, including healthcare, technology, aviation, oil and gas, transportation, manufacturing, automotive, and power. There are many diversified companies out there, but it's hard to find one that has gained a solid footprint in each of its business segments. While GE is now greatly exposed to cyclical industries, diversification should mitigate risks and keep the company sailing even during tough times. More important, GE is tapping aggressively into revolutionary future tech trends like the Internet of Things (IoT), big data, and 3D printing. With your grandkids likely to be living in a world dominated by these trends, GE is one of the best bets that you could make today. In fact, GE truly is a "digital industrial company," as it calls itself. I believe a visionary management, innovative leadership, and opportunistic strategies are among GE's top strengths that should propel it to new heights in the decades to come. As GE grows, so should the returns on your investment for your grandkids.  Pharma is always a good long-term buy-and-hold George Budwell: With the average age across the globe continuing to rise, healthcare companies in general, and pharma companies in particular, should remain some of the most profitable businesses in the world for a long time to come. In this regard, top biopharmaceutical companies like Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) come off as great stocks to buy for your grandkids. Gilead Sciences is a particularly intriguing name to buy right now for two reasons. First, this top biotech is trading at a steep discount relative to its earnings potential, with a rock-bottom forward price-to-earnings ratio of 6.3. Although it is true that Gilead's core hepatitis C franchise is facing a number of significant competitive and political threats, the company still has plenty of time and resources to stave off a big hit to its top line within the next few years. Unfortunately, the market has grown increasingly impatient with management's rather careful approach on the mergers and acquisitions front, but that doesn't mean Gilead's top line is destined to crash next year, or even in 2018.  Second, the biotech does have a fairly robust and diverse clinical pipeline that's apparently being completely ignored by the market from a valuation standpoint at the moment. Nevertheless, Gilead's plethora of exciting clinical candidates, such as the anti-inflammatory drug filgotinib and its variety of anticancer drug candidates, could generate billion in sales for the company in the not-so-distant future. All told, Gilead probably won't be a top-performing stock in the short term, but its strong track record of bringing game-changing new medications to market makes it worth buying as a long-term value play. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jamal Carnette owns shares of General Electric. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric and has the following options: short October 2016 $85 calls on Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool recommends Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) George Budwell has been writing about healthcare and biotechnology companies at the Motley Fool since 2013. His primary interests are novel small molecule drugs, next generation vaccines, and cell therapies. Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 7:07AM Investment Planning Stocks General Electric NYSE:GE $30.71 up $0.30 (0.99%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.58 up $0.62 (0.75%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $76.42 down $-1.42 (-1.82%) Read More These 5 Companies Own 16% of General Electric's Stock If You're in Your 70s, Consider Buying These 5 Stocks Donald Trump's Corporate Tax Repatriation Plan Would Benefit These 5 Companies the Most 2016 Dogs of the Dow: 10 Stocks to Keep Your Eye On 3 Dow Stocks With the Highest Dividend Payout Ratio Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Top Stocks to Buy for Your Grandchildren's Benefit If you're looking for stocks to buy for your grandchildren, our Foolish contributors recommend Procter & Gamble, General Electric, and Gilead Sciences. George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) Oct 17, 2016 at 7:07AM Image source: Getty Images. Buying stocks for your grandchildren can be a great way to ensure their financial future. However, it's not always easy picking stocks that are worthy of holding for exceedingly long periods of time. To help with this endeavor, our Foolish contributors offer up three stock picks below that appear to have the elements necessary to generate substantial returns over the long haul. Read on to find out which stocks they recommend, and why.  This "boring" brand should provide exciting long-term returns Jamal Carnette: I'm going to go against conventional wisdom by selecting Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG). Most financial professionals recommend higher-risk, high-expected-return investments due to the long-term holding period, or advise buying a stock your grandchild knows and loves. Needless to say, Procter & Gamble likely doesn't fit either of these criteria. The most foreseeable risk for multigenerational investments is company-specific: the company going out of business due to lack of demand for its products. It's a safe assumption this will not occur with Procter & Gamble's Pampers, Bounty, Crest, Gillette, Head and Shoulders, and Tide brands. The current hot technology stock or clothing brand may not be relevant for long, but it's a safe bet that in 50 years consumers will still need to clean up spills, brush their teeth, shave, shower, and wash their clothes. Don't confuse boring products with boring returns: P&G stock has been on fire over the last year with a 26% one-year total return versus the S&P 500's increase of 10%. Over the last 15 years, P&G has averaged a return of 8% per year versus the S&P's gain of 7%. A large part of P&G's gains comes from the company's dividend, which currently yields 3%. Over the last 50 years, Procter & Gamble has grown that dividend at a rate of 9% per year. Putting Procter & Gamble stock in a dividend-reinvestment plan makes sense for long-term investors. Finally, there's a persistent belief among financial professionals that investments must excite young people in order to encourage them to invest. I think there's a possibility this approach might be teaching the youth wrong investing lessons. You should invest in a company because it has a favorable risk-return profile, not because you're currently enamored with a company's product. The consumer goods giant may not be exciting, but it's likely your grandchildren will use P&G products for the rest of their lives, so why not invest in the company? A smart, futuristic company for your grandchildren  Neha Chamaria: When you're considering stocks for a time frame as long as one that could benefit your grandchildren, you'd ideally look for a well-established global company with an unparalleled brand reputation, a wide moat, a track record of high returns, and promising growth prospects backed by products that can address the world's upcoming needs and challenges. Industrial stalwart General Electric (NYSE:GE) is one company that has it all. Image source: General Electric. Having freed itself of its volatile financial arm, GE Capital, the General Electric of today is stronger and leaner than ever. Through its seven core industrial business segments, GE gives you exposure to nearly every key industry, including healthcare, technology, aviation, oil and gas, transportation, manufacturing, automotive, and power. There are many diversified companies out there, but it's hard to find one that has gained a solid footprint in each of its business segments. While GE is now greatly exposed to cyclical industries, diversification should mitigate risks and keep the company sailing even during tough times. More important, GE is tapping aggressively into revolutionary future tech trends like the Internet of Things (IoT), big data, and 3D printing. With your grandkids likely to be living in a world dominated by these trends, GE is one of the best bets that you could make today. In fact, GE truly is a "digital industrial company," as it calls itself. I believe a visionary management, innovative leadership, and opportunistic strategies are among GE's top strengths that should propel it to new heights in the decades to come. As GE grows, so should the returns on your investment for your grandkids.  Pharma is always a good long-term buy-and-hold George Budwell: With the average age across the globe continuing to rise, healthcare companies in general, and pharma companies in particular, should remain some of the most profitable businesses in the world for a long time to come. In this regard, top biopharmaceutical companies like Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) come off as great stocks to buy for your grandkids. Gilead Sciences is a particularly intriguing name to buy right now for two reasons. First, this top biotech is trading at a steep discount relative to its earnings potential, with a rock-bottom forward price-to-earnings ratio of 6.3. Although it is true that Gilead's core hepatitis C franchise is facing a number of significant competitive and political threats, the company still has plenty of time and resources to stave off a big hit to its top line within the next few years. Unfortunately, the market has grown increasingly impatient with management's rather careful approach on the mergers and acquisitions front, but that doesn't mean Gilead's top line is destined to crash next year, or even in 2018.  Second, the biotech does have a fairly robust and diverse clinical pipeline that's apparently being completely ignored by the market from a valuation standpoint at the moment. Nevertheless, Gilead's plethora of exciting clinical candidates, such as the anti-inflammatory drug filgotinib and its variety of anticancer drug candidates, could generate billion in sales for the company in the not-so-distant future. All told, Gilead probably won't be a top-performing stock in the short term, but its strong track record of bringing game-changing new medications to market makes it worth buying as a long-term value play. George Budwell has no position in any stocks mentioned. Jamal Carnette owns shares of General Electric. Neha Chamaria has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric and has the following options: short October 2016 $85 calls on Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool recommends Procter and Gamble. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author George Budwell (TMFGBudwell) George Budwell has been writing about healthcare and biotechnology companies at the Motley Fool since 2013. His primary interests are novel small molecule drugs, next generation vaccines, and cell therapies. Article Info Oct 17, 2016 at 7:07AM Investment Planning Stocks General Electric NYSE:GE $30.71 up $0.30 (0.99%) Procter and Gamble NYSE:PG $83.58 up $0.62 (0.75%) Gilead Sciences NASDAQ:GILD $76.42 down $-1.42 (-1.82%) Read More These 5 Companies Own 16% of General Electric's Stock If You're in Your 70s, Consider Buying These 5 Stocks Donald Trump's Corporate Tax Repatriation Plan Would Benefit These 5 Companies the Most 2016 Dogs of the Dow: 10 Stocks to Keep Your Eye On 3 Dow Stocks With the Highest Dividend Payout Ratio Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Apply Inc. 5000 Europe Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise Launch! LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN SITEMAP PRIVACY AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MARKETING Stop Spending Tens of Thousands on This Ineffective Marketing Tool Press releases are contrived and hideous. Stop writing them. By Nicole Volpe Miller Nicole is the Chief Operating Officer of Deke Digital, working with financial services and healthcare executives to create and distribute expert commentary on major media platforms. @nicolevolpe Chief Operating Officer, Deke Digital@nicolevolpe WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement If you are writing press releases, and you are not a company the size of Apple or Procter & Gamble, you need to stop. Now. To journalists, press releases are annoying. The format is lawyerly. The quotes are made up. They are full of jargon, and totally self-serving. They are written to bury any negatives. No one ever fails or is fired or acquired. In press releases, companies always have successful quarters, and executives always step down to spend time with their families, and companies merge as equals. By sending press releases with such logic bombs in them, you are not giving journalists information. You are giving them work to do; a riddle to be worked out. Their editor is standing over them asking: Okay, what really happened? And if you do not have, say, over $250 million in annual revenue, there simply are not enough journalists left in newsrooms to bother to try to detangle that riddle. Newsrooms are at half the staff they were in the mid-90s. Even if a reporter is initially fooled by your sunny release on, say, your poor quarterly performance, where you bury the actual net loss number and put forward some other metric that sounds like you made money, you have essentially forced a correction on that reporter. Nothing hurts a journalist more than that. Just Tell Your Story There are so many other ways to get your story across, and told in a format that's more straightforward or conversational. The Securities and Exchange Commission in 2013 ruled that social media can be used to disseminate material information about your company. Or you could use your own website. Or check out self-publishing platform Medium as a place where you can tell your story, for free, without being constrained by the press release format. Why not just tell your story in some format that fits your style? There are lots of examples of people who get this right: Warren Buffett has been writing his letter to shareholders each year since the 1970s. Marc Andreessen gets his ideas out in tweetstorms. Techstars founder Brad Feld has his FeldThoughts blog. Mary Meeker can pack an entire universe of data and ideas into her yearly Internet reports. The press release industry is in as tight a spot as the news business. They are only surviving because the press release is a habit that executives and marketers have not yet reconsidered closely enough to break. If you have something to announce, the reflex is to "issue a release." This despite that it's potentially costing you tens of thousands per year to distribute these press releases, on top of what you are paying people skilled in writing in the format. This made sense pre-Internet, when your release would automatically print out on dot-matrix printers stationed in the heart of each newsroom. But now, not so much. Put It To The Test Here is the test: Who picks up your releases and actually writes an article? If you are getting picked up by journalists writing a full article, and calling you for additional information and quotes, then by all means, proceed. But that is extremely rare for companies that are not the very biggest in their sector. Beware of people who justify your press release spend by pointing out that the press release itself is being carried on various sites--Marketwatch, AOL Finance, etc. So what? The traffic to press release pages on those sites is extremely low. In fact, it used to be that press releases were important enough in the news economy that sites like Yahoo Finance would pay for them. Then executives at those portals looked at their traffic numbers and saw that next to no one was clicking on them. When the Yahoo Finances of the world told the PR distribution companies of the world they wouldn't pay them anymore, the press release distribution companies offered them for free to the portals. At that point, financial news portals started to realize that they still didn't want to carry content that was uninteresting to its readers. And then the press release distribution companies instead offered to pay to have them run. Why would they pay to have them run? Because the head of marketing at the firm that posted the press release would be able to see that the press release was live on the financial news portals, and show that to their CEO as proof they had done their job. The problem is that the CEO and the head of marketing were perhaps the only people to ever click on that link. The question is: Do you want to pay for that? The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Oct 18, 2016 Advertisement
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer: How to bank on Visa fresh off the CEO news Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Monday, 17 Oct 2016 | 7:19 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES It's that time again! Jim Cramer rang the lightning round bell, which means he gave his take on caller favorite stocks at rapid speed: Procter & Gamble: "I like Procter. I'd like you to buy it a little bit cheaper, because I think it can come down to $84 or $85. But I think it's a good choice." Synchrony Financial: "That thing has come down too much. That's kind of attractive to me ... You know what's more attractive? If Visa sells off a couple of bucks. My charitable trust owns it. I think that Charlie Scharf [outgoing CEO] has got some personal things he has to attend to at home in New York, and that stock is coming down and that may be a better opportunity." Petrobras: "It has made a big comeback because the real has gotten very strong. Petrobras, I don't know. This is a play on the real, and the real is good but I think I don't want to overstay my welcome. I would be tempted to cash in on half." Bristol-Myers Squibb: "Candidly, I was disappointed with the study that just came out. I thought that Opdivo had more opportunities to do it ... I do not expect anything good near-term for Bristol-Myers. That was just a disappointing study." CIT Group: "Why don't you focus on Citi? My charitable trust owns Citi, that was the best quarter so far. I would be in Citi. JPMorgan was a great quarter, don't get me wrong. But they have done nothing but great quarters." Radius Health: "Bob Ward [CEO], he has done a fantastic job, and I like Radius. Everyone keeps saying it's going to get a bid. I think it's going to have good test results, and therefore it is OK to own. But this whole bid thing is just getting out of control. I see this stock trading up a couple of bucks every morning, and I say come on." Chesapeake Energy: "Chesapeake's got good natural gas exposure, but my problem is that I don't like the balance sheet. And because of that, there are so many others that are better. I think that you should just stock with Schlumberger. I think Schlumberger is the way to play the oil business." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change PG --- CHK --- RDUS --- SYF --- V --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book


Montag, 14.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 549 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Nachrichten»Face Oils Market to Witness the Launch of New Range Products Like Moisturizers, Anti-Aging, and Cleansers Through 2020: Technavio 17.10.2016 | 18:24 (131 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) Business Wire·Mehr Nachrichten von Business Wire Face Oils Market to Witness the Launch of New Range Products Like Moisturizers, Anti-Aging, and Cleansers Through 2020: Technavio According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global face oils market is expected to grow at a CAGR of almost 6% during the forecast period, 2016-2020. This research report titled 'Global Face Oils Market 2016-2020' provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. The growing preference for online retail format will act as a primary driving force in market growth over the coming years. Factors such as increasing internet penetration, growing use of smartphones, and changing buying patterns of consumers have propelled such inclinations towards online retail. With the massive growth in the B2C e-commerce market across the globe, manufacturers are extending their online presence in several beautysegments. Also, customers opt for this distribution channel as it is convenient, time-saving, and offers product reviews and feedbacks. Some of the key pure-play e-retailers that offer face oils include Amazon,Alibaba, JD.com, and Rakuten Brijesh Kumar Choubey, an industry expert at Technavio for research on cosmetics and toiletry, says, "Vendors in the market are shifting towards the use of social media tools, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube, to increase awareness and promote their products. The increasing consumer engagement in social networking and blogs have prompted players to come out with some successful social media campaigns for several facial care products. For instance, P&G's 'Your Best Beautiful' for Olay, L'Oréal's 'Rock Your Style' for Garnier and Shiseido's 'Beauty vs. the World' for SHISEIDO are some of the most effective marketing campaigns Request a sample report: http://www.technavio.com/request-a-sample?report=53762 Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Based on product category, the report categorizes the global face oils market into the following segments: Anti-aging beauty oils Facial cleansing oils Face moisturizing oils Pre-shave oils Global face oils market by product category 2015 (%) Anti-aging beauty oils 38.01% Facial cleansing oils 25.13% Face moisturizing oils 22.34% Pre-shave oils 14.52% Source: Technavio Global anti-aging beauty oils market The anti-aging beauty oils segment is the fastest-growing category among the face oil products and is predominantly driven by the increasing demand among the aging population across the globe. The population group of around 60 years and above is one of the key customer segments for anti-aging oils. Anti-aging beauty oil products provide benefits like enriching the renewal of the skin's outer layer. Some of the popular anti-aging beauty oils brands include P&G's SK-II Facial Treatment Cleansing Oil, Estée Lauder's Resilience Lift Restorative Radiance Oil, and LVMH's Guerlain Abeille Royale Face Treatment Oil. Vendors in this product segment are coming up with several strategic initiatives to launch new product lines of face oils with anti-aging benefits to cater to the growing requirements from consumers. One of the latest developments in this segment is the advent of anti-aging beauty oil products made with natural and organic ingredients such as argan oil, marula oil, and safflower oil enriched with vitamin E. Some such natural anti-aging beauty oils are ProGenius Omega Treatment Rescue Oil from NUDE Skincare and The Body Shop Oils of Life Intensely Revitalising Facial Oil from L'Oréal. Global facial cleansing oils market The introduction of new products and the growing application of facial cleansing oils in salons and spas are anticipated to drive considerable adoption of cleansing oils over the next four years. Recently, ULTA Beauty has launched hydrating cleansing oil, which specializes in removing impurities on the skin. Manufacturers in the market are also launching several facial cleansing oils with additional properties such as sunscreens with SPF. For instance, Shiseido's Ultimate Cleansing Oil, is made using a purifying formula that eliminates long-wearing foundation, is water-resistant, and has high-SPF sunscreens. With the growing inclination towards facial cleansing oils with natural ingredients, the segment will register a CAGR of more than 3% by 2020. The French manufacturer, L'Occitane's Shea Cleansing Oil is manufactured using shea butter and sunflower seed oil and has gained massive popularity among consumers. Global face moisturizing oils market Some of the popular face moisturizing oils available in the market are Estée Lauder Nutritious Radiant Vitality Essence Oil and CLINIQUE Take the Day Off Cleansing Oil from Estée Lauder. Manufacturers in the market are coming up with face moisturizing oils that are effective for multi-skin problems like dark spots, dryness, dullness, and uneven skin tone and texture. CLINIQUE Turnaround Revitalizing Treatment Oil from Estée Lauder and L'Occitane Immortelle Divine Youth Oil from L'Occitane are some of the most popular multi-purpose face moisturizing oils. "Though the face oil moisturizers provide moisture and refreshment to reduce the extra dryness of the face, the relative high price of these products have slowed their adoption rate in the market. However, with the growing demand for natural face moisturizing oils, this segment will also witness significant growth over the predicted period. Some of the natural face moisturizing oils are Vitamin E Facial Oil and Tea Tree Oil by The Body Shop from L'Oréal. This Vitamin E Facial Oil offers an aromatic, pre-moisturizer treatment for the skin to enhance moisturization," says Brijesh. Global pre-shave oils market The global pre-shave oils market is expected to grow at a steady pace during the forecast period due to the growing demand among men for shaving oils in the developed markets such as the UK, the US, Australia, and Canada. Vendors in the market are promoting their products to drive sales coupled with new product launches. For instance, in October 2015, Dreadnought, a UK based manufacturer specialized into men's grooming, introduced new portfolio of barbershop quality beard oils such as Dreadnought Classic Blend Beard Oil and Dreadnought Cuban Blend Beard Oil. This segment is the second-fastest growing category among face oil products. Some of the popular pre-shave oils are L'Occitane's Cade Shaving Oil and L'Oreal's Viktor Rolf Spicebomb Nourishing Pre-shave Oil. Some of the premium beauty manufacturers are launching natural pre-shave oils through their flagship brands such as LVMH under its flagship brand The Art of Shaving include Pre-Shave Oil Sandalwood and Pre-Shave Oil - Lavender. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio's research analysts in this report are: Beiersdorf Estée Lauder L'Oréal P&G Shiseido Browse Related Reports: Global Facial Serum Market 2016-2020 Skin Lighteners Market in APAC 2016-2020 Global Foundation Cream Market 2016-2020 Do you need a report on a market in a specific geographical cluster or country but can't find what you're looking for? Don't worry, Technavio also takes client requests. Please contact enquiry@technavio.com with your requirements and our analysts will be happy to create a customized report just for you. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161017005415/en/ Contacts: Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com © 2016 Business Wire Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
null
skip to main content Connecting You to a World of Ideas Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Howard Wilkinson: Politics and More Politics Cincinnati City Council Hamilton County Commission Focus on Technology Ohio Statehouse News Bureau StateImpact Education WCPO News Cincinnati Around Cincinnati Cincinnati Edition John Kiesewetter: Media Beat The Blues with Lee Hay Swing with Bill Cartwright Jazz with OT The Book Club @ 91.7 Local Specials Community Calendar About Us Program Schedule Programs A-Z Program Hosts Mission Statement EEO Statement Award Winning Productions FAQ's HD Radio Jobs Support Thank You Gifts Sponsorships Become a Sustaining Member Update Your Information Donate Your Car Volunteer Gifts of Stock Bequests / Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Joseph-Beth Gives Back Program Contests Subscribe to Email Unsubscribe Ways To Connect Listen Live Podcast Central Song-of-the-Day Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Search Menu Home News Howard Wilkinson: Politics and More Politics Cincinnati City Council Hamilton County Commission Focus on Technology Ohio Statehouse News Bureau StateImpact Education WCPO News Cincinnati Around Cincinnati Cincinnati Edition John Kiesewetter: Media Beat The Blues with Lee Hay Swing with Bill Cartwright Jazz with OT The Book Club @ 91.7 Local Specials Community Calendar About Us Program Schedule Programs A-Z Program Hosts Mission Statement EEO Statement Award Winning Productions FAQ's HD Radio Jobs Support Thank You Gifts Sponsorships Become a Sustaining Member Update Your Information Donate Your Car Volunteer Gifts of Stock Bequests / Planned Giving Charitable Gift Annuities Joseph-Beth Gives Back Program Contests Subscribe to Email Unsubscribe Ways To Connect Listen Live Podcast Central Song-of-the-Day Facebook Twitter Instagram Contact Us Search Finding Racial Balance In Madisonville By Bill Rinehart • Oct 18, 2016 TweetShareGoogle+Email Addie Hunter moved to Madisonville about 47 years ago and her family was the first African American one on the block. Bill Rinehart / WVXU Listen Listening... / 3:51 People who live in Madisonville like to say their neighborhood is one of the most welcoming in Greater Cincinnati and also one of the most racially balanced. The community has had population shifts in the past, and appears to be undergoing another change. When Addie Hunter moved to Madisonville almost 47 years ago her family was the first black one on the block. Neighbors welcomed them. That was 1969, when integration wasn't common in America. "We had a lot of good people. Most of them worked for Procter and Gamble on our street. And they taught my boys how to cut grass and gave us stuff and told them how to keep the house up. And they taught them. And it was good. So we had good friends then." Recently, she's noticed more whites moving in and blacks moving out. "It bothers me a little bit because I wish they would hold on and try to do better. But the younger people don't want to stay it seems like. The parents leave the homes and they're gone." Hunter says three of her own children moved to Atlanta about a decade ago.  Bill Collins has lived in Madisonville for 23 years. He also sees black middle class people moving out and as a white man it worries him. "I don't really like living in all white communities. I find them kind of dull." But beyond that, Collins says the neighborhood is losing leaders. "It's the fact that so many of the young, working class and middle class African-Americans who grew up there in the 80s and 90s and 2000s who would be really good leaders in the community, potentially, that they're leaving. That’s what concerns me the most." Collins says he's looked at the census data and found out why people leave the neighborhoods. It's jobs. Or a lack of them. Community leaders say there are developments underway that will create jobs., that will take care of maintaining income diversity for Madisonville.  But keeping up racial diversity will take some more thought. Luke Brockmeyer says as the president of the community council, he can't just make plans that will appeal to 30-something white guys like himself. He says if an event or a neighborhood is to succeed he has to think about the wants and needs of his neighbors, who may or may not look like him. "And life is way better when you do that. I mean you're happier. You spend more time thinking. You have more friends. You're better informed. I think there are a lot of people who have never lived in a neighborhood like this who would hear that and say 'that sounds like a lot of work.' But it isn't. It's part of being human and it makes you more human." That's not to say Madisonville is a racial utopia. Community Council Vice President Prentis Wilson says when she came to the community in 1965, there was integration, but not much mingling. She says there are still barriers today. "There are some people two or three doors up from me, they don't have a clue as to how black people feel. And a lot of black people don't have a clue as to how white people feel." Wilson says Madisonville is more diverse than ever before. She says her street right now is pretty much 50-50, white and black. You can't make a community diverse. You can nudge it in that direction but in the end it comes down to individuals. That's what 32-year-old Brant Walker seems to think. "Some people know how to live around each other and other people don't. It all depends on who you are and what you believe in." That's how a lot of people in Madisonville apparently see it too.  It may not always be easy to discuss race, but as Bill Collins and Luke Brockmeyer put it, you have to be willing to talk and to listen. Tags:  Madisonville race relations Community Conversations Madisonville TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Madisonville's Dunbar Neighborhood Gone, But Not Forgotten 1 month ago Are Changes Underway In Madisonville Revitalization Or Gentrification? 1 month ago Community Conversation: Madisonville 3 months ago View the discussion thread. © 2016 WVXU Cincinnati Public Radio Program Schedule Our Community Calendar Contact Us WVXU's Democracy and Me for Educators Privacy Policy and Terms of Use
Obituaries Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Obituaries By Location Notable Deaths Submit an Obituary Funeral Homes Search By Location Photos & Memorials Legends & Legacies In The News Photo Galleries Quizzes Today In History Featured Memorials Grief & Support Sympathy & Condolence Advice Funeral Etiquette Grief Support How To Write An Obituary Submit An Obituary Contact Us Search John M. Blockus Obituary Guest Book "To the family of John, So sorry for your loss. When someone..." "Our sincere condolences to the Blockus family. I made the..." - Dick & Bonny Lopasky "Pearl and family.... So sorry for your loss. May God give..." - Cindy Hoffman View Sign John M. Blockus, 77, of Swoyersville, passed away on Sunday, Oct. 16, 2016, at the Geisinger South Celtic Hospice Inpatient Unit, Wilkes-Barre. Born in Nanticoke, he was the son of the late Charles and Mary Bunor Blockus. John was a graduate of Nanticoke Area High School and was a U.S. Navy veteran. He had worked as a mechanic for Procter and Gamble prior to his retirement. John was a past president and member of the Swoyersville Lions Club, Harveys Lake Rod and Gun Club and owner of Hilltop Video Productions. He was preceded in death by his sister, Albina Sekulski. Surviving are his wife of 52 years, the former Pearl A. Yezefski; and sons John, and his wife, Brenda, Tunkhannock; Kevin C. and his wife, Michelle, Swoyersville; grandchildren, Nicholas, Matthew, Danielle, Bethany and Noah and a niece, Kathy Blockus. Also a brother, Kaz and his wife, Theresa Blockus, Bound Brook, N.J. Relatives and friends may call Thursday from 5 to 8 p.m. at Gubbiotti Funeral Home, 1030 Wyoming Ave., Exeter. Military honors will be held on Friday at 9 a.m. from the funeral home accorded by the AM Vets Honor Guard followed by a Mass of Christian burial at 9:30 a.m. in St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Parish, Hughes St., Swoyersville. Interment will be private. To send the family an expression of sympathy or a condolence, please visit www.gubbiottifh.com In lieu of flowers, donations can be made to St. Jude's Children Research Hospital at stjude.org. Funeral Home Gubbiotti Funeral Home 1030 Wyoming Ave. Exeter, PA 18643 570-654-8931 Funeral Home Details Send Flowers Published in Citizens' Voice on Oct. 18, 2016 Print  |  View Guest Book  |  Related Memorial Sites  Navy Helpful Links Additional Resources Send Funeral Flowers View Funeral Home Details Donate to Charity How To Submit An Obituary Find Advice & Support Funeral Etiquette How to Write a Sympathy Note Advice on Coping with Loss Myths About Grief   Return to today's Obituaries for Citizens Voice Follow this Obituary Remember on Facebook Follow via email *Please enter a valid email address. Bookmark this memorial on Facebook with the My Memorials™ application. My Memorials™ helps you honor departed family members, friends, and even favorite celebrities – all on your Facebook page. Thank you. You have now memorialized  on Facebook. The My Memorials Facebook app allows you to: Connect with memorials that are important to you. Get updates on your memorials in your Facebook News Feed. Share your memories with your Facebook friends. VIEW YOUR MY MEMORIALS PAGE OR Return to Obituary No, ThanksGO CLOSE Close Powered By Legacy.com Search Obituaries How To Company Questions? Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms © 2016 Legacy.com All Rights Reserved
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 19 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Top issue in Crescent Springs: Economic development All incumbents, except one, a newcomer and a former councilman are running for election. Post to Facebook Top issue in Crescent Springs: Economic development All incumbents, except one, a newcomer and a former councilman are running for election.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2ent93U {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Top issue in Crescent Springs: Economic development Melissa Reinert, mstewart@communitypress.com 8:31 p.m. EDT October 17, 2016 A view of Joella’s Hot Chicken restaurant in Crescent Springs. Joella’s opened right across the street from Nashville Hot chicken restaurant in April. Economic development is the top issue in the Crescent Springs City Council election. (Photo: File photo) CRESCENT SPRINGS - Seven candidates are seeking a spot on the six-seat Crescent Springs City Council. This election all incumbents, except for Councilman Louis Prabell, one newcomer and a former councilman are running. Christie Arlinghaus Councilwoman Christie Arlinghaus is seeking her sixth term on council. She is a retired executive from the Internal Revenue Service and currently serves as chairwoman of the city’s Communications Committee. “I want to continue to expand our business community,” she said. “I feel the city should be reaching out to developers to bring new business into the city. I want to continue to keep property taxes low along with the insurance premium tax.” Mike Daugherty Councilman Mike Daugherty, 54, is finishing his second year on council this term, but has served a total of eight years as a member of council. He works for Zwicker & Associates and is running again because he believes in civic involvement. He said the top two issues facing the city are economic development and city stability. “We need to continue to work with businesses that are currently in the community and those that might wish to join our community to make Crescent Springs a place that businesses want to locate,” he said. “We need to continue to be good stewards of our taxpayers’ money. We are relatively debt free, and we need to continue to watch all line items to remain in a good position.” Carter Dickerson Newcomer Carter Dickerson, 34, has served on the city’s Board of Adjustments since January 2015. He is a professional landscape architect at Viox & Viox Inc. He is running for council to “bring the perspective of the younger family demographic.” According to Dickerson, the city has a strong foundation on which it can improve. “I hope to work with the mayor and City Council on how best to improve our city and the ways that it can most be enjoyed by our citizens,” he said. “I also want to be a conduit through which all citizens feel that they can be represented and have their voices heard by city leadership.” Bob Mueller Councilman Bob Mueller is finishing his second term on City Council since he was last elected. He also served on council in 2005 and 2006. Mueller, 60, is a purchasing manager with Procter and Gamble. He’s seeking re-election because this is something he loves. “If this is something you love, then you have to do it,” he said. “I want to maintain the financial stability of the city, I enjoy this work. The decisions I participate in affect my neighbors and me. This is a great way to impact your community.” According to Mueller, the business community in the city should be a top priority. “We’re seeing economic development or the business community in a state of turnover,” he said. “The economy has challenged businesses to be more frugal in how they operate. We need to work on attracting and maintaining businesses. We have to market ourselves more aggressively and look at our tax structure and incentive programs.” Dale Ramsey Dale Ramsey, 58, previously served on City Council from 2000 to 2014. He works for G4S Security. “I’m seeking re-election to help serve the city I live in, and it’s citizens,” he said. “Our current City Council is doing a very good job taking care of issues concerning the city. I want to be a part of that.” Thomas Vergamini Councilman Thomas Vergamini, 65, has served on council since 1999. He is an attorney and seeking re-election to “continue to serve the city and its residents in order to provide the most efficient, workable solutions to issues facing a small suburban city.” According to Vegamini, the top two issues facing Crescent Springs are economic development and the heroin epidemic. “(We need to) establish an economic development plan and market the city as a place to do conduct a thriving, successful business and for individuals to locate as a place to call home,” he said. To fight the heroin epidemic, he said the city needs to “seek collaborative solutions with health care, social service providers and surrounding communities.” Matthew Zeck Councilman Matthew Zeck, 46, has served on council since 2006. He is a commercial sales manager of cash management services for Fifth Third Bank. “The good news for the city of Crescent Springs is that there are not any urgent or troubling issues,” he said. “The city officially became debt free in September of 2016, an incredible accomplishment by the staff and finance committee of the city on behalf of the residents and taxpayers. “While some cities are facing major street repair issues or loss of business revenues or deteriorating property values, Crescent Springs is poised to further strengthen its infrastructure and make improvements to drive more efficiency.” Two issues that will be on the forefront to address, he said, are the continued review of possible consolidation of services and ongoing efficiency opportunities to improve service delivery to the residents of Crescent Springs. Examples are installation LED street lights to improve energy usage and capture expense savings, he said. “As we have for the past many years, I will participate in the continual evaluation of the services needed by the residents and analyzing the pros and cons and expense versus benefit of consolidation of services, such as police and equipment, etc.” Regarding ongoing efficiency opportunities, Zeck said, he will “continue to be active in the projects that seek to drive efficiency and cost savings opportunities, without reducing the quality of offerings our residents receive.” Want to continue the conversation? Tweet @MReinertReports 19 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2ent93U TOP VIDEOS Sam DuBose sister: 'This, to me, is murder' 1:30 Protests in Cincinnati after Ray Tensing mistrial 1:09 The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Mistrial declared in Ray Tensing case 3:46 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Most touching ways soldiers reunited with their family 1:17 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Donald Trump's unlikely path to presidency 2:01 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 Alternate juror in Ray Tensing trial has been dismissed 1:24 Lakota East's Horter wins state cross country 2:58 Born in Cincinnati, celebrated around the world: An anthem that unites us 3:39 Division I volleyball regional semifinals 1:46 More Stories Who the heck is Marilyn Z? Nov. 12, 2016, 12:12 p.m. How rare are anonymous juries like Tensing's? Nov. 11, 2016, 11:52 a.m. How Donald Trump won Ohio Nov. 11, 2016, 11:17 a.m. Thumbs up to Cleveland, and here's how Tuberville can silence critics Nov. 11, 2016, 11:22 a.m.
null
14/11/2016 Home News Sport What's On About us Contact us You are in: > Tipperarystar > Home Katie visits Scoil Iosef Naofa Olympic Champion pays tribute to brave Jack Ryan 17 Oct 2016 0 World and Olympic champion Katie Taylor visited Scoil Iosef Naofa, Corville this week to pay tribute to a brave young boy called Jack Ryan. Recently Jack along with his principal John Slattery and Ms. Frawley entered a competition for brave children who have overcome personal difficulties and still manage to compete in sports. The competition was called ‘Thank you mum’, a campaign to recognise the influence and support Irish mums give to all their children. This competition was sponsored by Proctor and Gamble. During the visit Katie spoke of Jack’s unbelievable courage and said she was honoured to meet both Jack and his twin sister Amy, both 2nd class pupils in Corville. Katie acknowledged the tremendous work done by Jack’s parents Enda and Linda and also the school community. Katie also remarked on the wonderful sports facilities that Corville has to offer the present and future children of Roscrea. Mr. Slattery thanked Katie for an unforgettable day that will live long in the memories of every child and adult present. “Katie is an inspiration to our community and she is a credit to her own mum”. Katie was very generous with her time and addressed all the pupils at length in the school before leading a 45 minute PE session with Jack’s class. Katie left the school, leaving behind big dreams for the boys and girls to achieve and several sets signed boxing gloves that will be raffled by the school during the year. Mr. Slattery remarked that Katie is one of the most down to earth people he has ever met and that she would be a natural teacher. Katie and her team have promised a return visit to Corville in the future.   Leave your comment Share your opinions on Text Characters left: 1500 Digital newsstand Our latest editions exactly as they are printed Buy edition Browse edition Fr Tom Breen Breaking News Death announced of Holycross Parish Priest Fr Tom Breen Burgess-Duharra captain Jenny Grace pictured accepting the cup. Munster Camogie Final Determined Burgess-Duharra crowned Munster Camogie champions in Cahir Nenagh Éire Óg Rachel O'Connor pictured on the ball. Munster Intermediate Camogie Final Intermediate Munster final ends in cruel heartache for brave Nenagh Éire Óg Loughmore Castleiney AIB Munster Club senior football semi-final Tipp champs Loughmore Castleiney fall in Munster despite great effort President elect of the USA, Donald J Trump pictured at his hotel and golf club in Doonbeg County Clare, which is managed by, Mr Joe Russell, a Templemore man. Breaking News Tipp man at helm of Trumps Doonbeg will have a very busy time Siege of Jadotville Tom Gunn shares his Jadotville story Tipperary deaths Friday 11th November Young man killed in road accident outside Tipperary Town Tipperary senior football selector Shane Stapleton pictured with Liam Kearns. GAA Player Study If anything was possible what Tipperary would you build? Loughmore-Castleiney will relish the challenge of taking on Dr Crokes in Killarney. Weekend Preview Tipperary champions Loughmore face into the lion’s den with their heads held high New Mass Times in Thurles Sean McLoughlin pictured fourth from right in the back row of the Thurles Sarsfields side of 1961 Breaking News The great Sean McLoughlin to be honoured by Thurles Sarsfields Tweets by @tippstar   Home News Sport What's On About us Contact us Rss Privacy Policy Cookie policy If you wish, you can contact us using any of the methods below:  Tipperary Star, Friar Street, Thurles, Co Tipperary Email: news@tipperarystar.ie Telephone: 0504 29100 This website and its associated newspaper are full participating members of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Tipparary Star provides news, events and sport features from the Tipperary area. For the best up to date information relating to Tipperary and the surrounding areas visit us at Tipperary Star regularly or bookmark this page.
heart.co.uk (national) Choose your preferred location Sign in Become a Heart VIP Listen to Heart Watch Heart TV Home Radio News Entertainment Lifestyle Quirky Events Win Charity Bingo TV Search GO Local News UK & World Showbiz Top Trending Videos Traffic and Travel Quirky Sport Snow Weather Survey of the Day Home News UK & World Wella and Rimmer owner Coty snaps up Britain's GHD for £420m 17th October 2016, 14:18 Wella and Rimmer owner Coty has confirmed a £420m takeover of British hair products manufacturer GHD. The deal, first reported by Sky News, comes just after Coty completed a $12.5bn (£10.3bn) purchase of Procter & Gamble's perfume, hair and make-up businesses. That transaction made it the world number two in the hair colour and styling products sector. Its other brands include CoverGirl, Davidoff and Clairol. The latest deal unites Coty products bearing the name of David Beckham with GHD, a company that has a tie-up with his wife Victoria's fashion business. Coty enjoys revenues of around $9bn a year while GHD - which stands for "good hair day" - generated £178m in its latest full year. GHD was put up for sale earlier this year by its owner, the private equity firm Lion Capital. The company manufactures a wide range of straighteners, curling products and hairdryers. It was founded in 2001 with a £15,000 investment from three entrepreneurs in Bradford, West Yorkshire, who bought the rights to a Korean-developed hair-straightening iron. The company now has an alliance with Mrs Beckham's fashion business, and leans heavily on a range of celebrity endorsements to promote itself. In the UK, GHD products are sold in upmarket outlets such as Harvey Nichols and Selfridges, with the company keen to expand its international reach by growing sales in countries such as Brazil, China, India and South Korea. (c) Sky News 2016: Wella and Rimmer owner Coty snaps up Britain's GHD for £420m Supermoon to be biggest and brightest for decades Photographers from around the world have captured stunning images of the moon on the night before it is due to be at its biggest and brightest for almost 70 years. Swedish move to question Assange welcomed by Ecuador The Ecuadorian government has welcomed moves by Swedish officials to interview Julian Assange inside its embassy. Video Hundreds of aftershocks rattle NZ after 7.5 quake New Zealand has been hit by hundreds of strong aftershocks since a massive 7.5 magnitude earthquake struck in the early hours of Monday. Video Big Six energy firms 'making six times more profit than they say' Energy firms have been accused of making "six times" the profit they admit to publicly , following an investigation into their finances. Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Gallery Nigella Lawson's Hottest Looks! Gallery Bare-Naked Ladies: Stars Without Makeup! Gallery Pregnant Celebrities: Who's Expecting? Gallery George From 'Stuart Little' Is All Grown Up... And You Won't Believe How Hot He Is! Gallery Top Of The Chops! Celebrity Hair Do-Overs Gallery Jamie Dornan: Sexiest Pictures Of The Christian Grey Actor Gallery Celebrity Weddings: Stars Tying The Knot Gallery Kelly Brook's Most Gorgeous Pictures Gallery The Most Beautiful Celebrity Wedding Dresses Gallery The Top 25 Sexiest Men Gallery Best Dressed Celebrity Baby Bumps Gallery 10 David Beckham Quotes Straight Out Of 'Only Fools & Horses' Quick links Schedule Heart Breakfast Last 10 songs Local events Local news Local Win With Heart Make Heart the soundtrack to your day and you could be a winner with great prizes up for grabs throughout the day. UK & World Monday's national newspaper front pages Theresa May insists UK is 'global champion of free trade' Ex-ARM chairman Chambers in rapid tech return with VE role Microplastic impact on human health to be studied How IS improvised by moving underground in Iraq amid airstrikes See all UK & World Showbiz Sting reopens Bataclan with poignant concert a year after Paris attacks Man From UNCLE and Hustle star Robert Vaughn dies aged 83 Robbie Williams 'chuffed' to become top solo act in UK history Robert Redford is 'tired of acting' and plans to quit Jessica Chastain to star as Painkiller Jane in comic adaptation See all Showbiz You are here: Home News UK & World Back to top How To Listen & Watch Digital Radio FM Online TV iPad & iPhone Android Blackberry Heart TV Find Your Local Heart By Region By Postcode Radio Heart Breakfast Drivetime Schedule Playlist Last 10 songs All Heart Shows Report Interference From Illegal Broadcasters Discover More Article Archive Website Support Accessibility Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Celebrity Pictures Competitions Local News Heart Angels Race for Life Bingo Games Movies All About Heart Frequently Asked Questions Contact us Working for Heart Advertise With Us Charity About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Public File Cookie Policy Company Details Search GO © This is Global Limited 2016

Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Mergers and acquisitions Coty gets Good Hair Day for £420m Beauty company’s acquisition of London hairstyling brand ghd in all cash deal to bolster its product line and sales Ghd will become part of Coty’s professional beauty unit which caters to salons and hair and nail care specialists. Photograph: Dinendra Haria/Rex/Shutterstock Reuters Monday 17 October 2016 09.06 EDT Last modified on Monday 17 October 2016 10.59 EDT Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Beauty products maker Coty Inc has said it would buy Good Hair Day (ghd), a high-end hairstyling appliances brand, from private equity firm Lion Capital LLP for about £420m ($522m). Coty, which owns hair colour brands such as Wella and Clairol, became the global No 2 in hair colour and styling products through its $12.5bn acquisition of Procter & Gamble’s perfume, hair care and makeup businesses in October. London-based ghd generated £178m in revenue in fiscal year 2016. The business will become part of Coty’s professional beauty unit, which services salon owners and professionals in hair and nail care, and will be a standalone business led by its current chief executive Anthony Davey and team, Coty said on Monday. The all-cash deal, to conclude by the end of 2016, is expected to immediately add to Coty’s earnings, the company said. Coty said last year it would shift its executive team to London, as part of its transformation into a global beauty products maker. Lion Capital and ghd are being advised by Rothschild & Co and Proskauer Rose LLP. Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom LLP is the legal adviser to Coty. More news Topics Mergers and acquisitions Beauty Fashion industry Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments popular The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Mergers and acquisitions Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Coty to buy London-based hairstyling appliances maker ghd Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Mon Oct 17, 2016 | 8:26am EDT Coty to buy London-based hairstyling appliances maker ghd A trader works at the trading post that trades Coty Inc. on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, June 13, 2013. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Beauty products maker Coty Inc (COTY.N) said it would buy ghd, a high-end hairstyling appliances brand, from private equity firm Lion Capital LLP for about 420 million pounds ($522 million). Coty, which owns hair color brands such as Wella and Clairol, became the global No. 2 in hair color and styling products through its $12.5 billion acquisition of Procter & Gamble's (PG.N) perfume, hair care and make-up businesses in October. London-based ghd, whose name stands for "good hair day," generated 178 million pounds in revenue in fiscal year 2016. The business will become part of Coty's Professional Beauty unit, which services salon owners and professionals in hair and nail care, and will be a standalone business led by its current Chief Executive Anthony Davey and team, Coty said on Monday. The all-cash deal, scheduled to close by the end of 2016, is expected to immediately add to Coty's earnings, the company said. Sky News first reported the deal. Coty said last year it would shift its executive team to London, as part of its transformation into a global beauty products maker. Lion Capital and ghd are being advised by Rothschild & Co and Proskauer Rose LLP. Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom LLP is the legal adviser to Coty. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Next In Deals Four suitors submit binding bids for UniCredit's Pioneer: sources MILAN Italian bank UniCredit has received four binding offers for its asset manager Pioneer, valuing the business at more than 3 billion euros ($3.25 billion), two sources close to the matter said on Friday. Exclusive: Koch investment arm nears deal for stake in Infor, in tech push - sources The private investment arm of Koch Industries, the industrial conglomerate of the billionaire Koch brothers, is nearing a deal to acquire a significant minority stake in Infor Inc that will value the business software company at roughly $10 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Smaller deals in focus as big private equity fades in Africa JOHANNESBURG/LONDON A family-owned grocery chain selling lychees and almond milk would have been an unlikely target when giant private equity funds were spending big in Africa. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Unexploded bombs in Laos Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Coty to buy London-based hairstyling appliances maker ghd By Reuters Published: 08:29 EST, 17 October 2016 | Updated: 08:29 EST, 17 October 2016 e-mail Oct 17 (Reuters) - Beauty products maker Coty Inc said it would buy ghd, a high-end hairstyling appliances brand, from private equity firm Lion Capital LLP for about 420 million pounds ($522 million). Coty, which owns hair color brands such as Wella and Clairol, became the global No. 2 in hair color and styling products through its $12.5 billion acquisition of Procter & Gamble's perfume, hair care and make-up businesses in October. London-based ghd, whose name stands for "good hair day," generated 178 million pounds in revenue in fiscal year 2016. The business will become part of Coty's Professional Beauty unit, which services salon owners and professionals in hair and nail care, and will be a standalone business led by its current Chief Executive Anthony Davey and team, Coty said on Monday. The all-cash deal, scheduled to close by the end of 2016, is expected to immediately add to Coty's earnings, the company said. Sky News first reported the deal. Coty said last year it would shift its executive team to London, as part of its transformation into a global beauty products maker. Lion Capital and ghd are being advised by Rothschild & Co and Proskauer Rose LLP. Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom LLP is the legal adviser to Coty. ($1 = 0.8042 pounds) (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Cruel... No not nature's predators - Sir David Attenborough. He used  'rape' of Snow Leopards to make viewers suffer in Planet Earth II, writes JIM SHELLEY  That won't protect you from the creepy crawlies! Ola Jordan keeps plunging lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celebrity Jungle 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown reveals her pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win I'm a Celebrity... it's getting hot in here! Joel Dommett, Wayne Bridge and Adam Thomas flash their ripped chests in the first jungle shower of the season 'Biggest surprise ever': Pixie Lott reveals she's engaged to long-term love Oliver Cheshire as she shows off dazzling diamond ring on Instagram  Daisy Lowe misses out on Blackpool as she is voted off Strictly after a  dance off against Greg Rutherford... but Ed Balls sails through again in  Gangnam Style From a re-furbished iPad to how to get Beano for less and even a good-as-new Sony PS4: Ways to save money on your children's gifts this Christmas (without any less smiles!) SPONSORED 'We never asked to be role models': Perrie Edwards says she feels 'pressure' to act responsibly as she joins Little Mix co-stars for sizzling photo shoot 'Larry Lamb for James Bond!': Twitter left in hysterics as EastEnders star dives into swamp to save Scarlett Moffatt from canoe disaster on I'm A Celebrity 'If your ex has been an a***hole, it's nice to belittle them': Little Mix stars get candid about faking orgasms and shaming former boyfriends in song Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Margo Stilley flashes her lace bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party They got engaged in August after eight years 'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute 'Thank you all so much': The X Factor's Sam Lavery shows little emotion as she is latest contestant to be voted off... after tense singing battle with Ryan Lawrie A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Mags and an ashtray Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner She had been stumping for Hillary Clinton What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York Pregnant Katherine Heigl dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley Looking for baby gifts? Chic but sombre, the Duchess of Cambridge joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday A von Furstenberg coat  EXCLUSIVE: 'He pursued her heavily': I'm A Celeb's Lisa Snowdon 'devastated' to learn that footballer ex-boyfriend Jay Bothroyd was married during eight-month affair Lily Donaldson shows off her cleavage and legs in a daring dress with thigh-high slit at star-studded Evening Standard Theatre Awards Still part of the family! Billie Piper wows in glam gown as she jokes with ex Laurence Fox's cousin Freddie at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards 'He's the Trump of Strictly': Ed Balls divides Strictly viewers after Gangnam Style saves him as it's revealed he'll perform a Great Balls of Fire jive in Blackpool You must be jo-KING? EastEnders hardman Danny Dyer makes heir-larious discovery as it's revealed he is a descendant of royalty Cockney royalty Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup Corrie's Beverley Callard 'hasn't met her 11-month-old grandchild' despite living just down the road  Laura Cross made the claims against the star 'People can call me a mug but we are happy': Megan McKenna stands by reunion with Pete Wicks after sexting scandal... and no longer checks his social media 'It's very sad': Iconic soap star Eileen Derbyshire, 85, may not return to Coronation Street after 55-year run Has been absent now for 12 months SPOILER ALERT: Ecstatic Gemma Winter meets lifelong crush Peter Andre as the pop star makes a cameo on Coronation Street Getting star treatment 'I feel so sorry for her': Catherine Tyldesley steps out in a wintry ensemble as she heads to a radio appearance to tease 'heartbreaking' Xmas storyline on Corrie Hollywood power couple Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux go unnoticed in Germany... after saying he makes her feel 'completely adored' Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North She worked hard to get  back in pre-baby shape JK's fantastic new hero is just the magic we need: BRIAN VINER on the latest instalment of the Potter franchise  Plenty to say about restablishment stooges Coleen Rooney looks glam in an off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a girls' night out at new Liverpool restaurant Flashed the flesh From Hollywood to Hollyoaks! Dallas star Linda Gray, 76, brings the glam to Chester in first look at her cameo in the Channel 4 soap  An unlikely arrival Michelle Keegan 'house-hunting in South Africa' as she prepares to spend eight more months away from Mark Wright for Our Girl filming Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Model and daughter of Stephen Baldwin From Ab Flab to Ab Fab! Helen Lederer sheds eight pounds and drops a dress size in just three days after surviving on 400 calories A DAY in extreme weight loss bid  'It's about finding the right balance': Marion Cotillard admits she struggles to balance her professional and personal life... after denying Brad romance The good life! Ariel Winter proudly flaunts backside as she twerks in bikini during Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Continuing her holiday  Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service At Pacific Palisades No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Kanye West launches a new 'unpretentious' range of clothes - but a jumper will still set you back £1,745 and a T-shirt £159 A real man of the people 'I had a good time with dalliances': Robbie Williams jokes about making the most of his fame, how many of the Spice Girls he's REALLY slept with... and gives advice to Harry Styles Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumoured rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' She reportedly wants to sound edgier Puppy love! Sofia Richie shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Enjoyed some dog time Miranda Kerr is the belle of the ball in an exquisite gold gown as she cosies up to sharp-suited fiancé Evan Spiegel at glittering Baby2Baby Gala Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei parades her sun-kissed curves on the beach after defending healthy Size 10 figure Showed off her bikini  'I'm no spring chicken': Ex-Strictly professional Ola Jordan, 34, says she's 'not body-confident' despite sneaking SIX sexy bikinis into I'm A Celeb camp 'I'm not having another baby, so screw you': EastEnders actress Jacqueline Jossa lashes out at cruel trolls who told her she looked pregnant 'He waited outside for her': Pregnant Amy Childs flees event after man 'threatened to punch her' Outside The Ideal Homes Show at Christmas 'I only do the things I love': Mary Berry confirms filming for her own cooking show... as Bake-Off makers 'head to court over block on Channel 4 rival' Ageless Madonna, 58, stuns with extremely taut appearance as she leads star-studded UFC fight crowd 'That smile ain't nothing but a Dream!': Kris Jenner posts adorable snap of Rob Kardashian cradling his new baby girl Baby Dream is only a few days old Jessica Alba goes casual chic as she takes her daughters to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market She is known for her healthy lifestyle Mia Tyler announces she's expecting her first child by sharing picture of her bump First child for the artist, who is also the daughter of Aerosmtih frontman Steven Tyler Scarlett Johansson shows off stunning curves in lilac cutaway dress at Ghost In The Shell trailer launch in Japan Did not disappoint in her head-turning number Pamela Anderson cuts a sophisticated figure as she brings MORE snacks to WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange... after he joked that her vegan treats were 'torture' Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers Kurves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off her incredible physique in a burnt orange dress as she heads to stylist Monica Rose's baby shower PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Brian, 43, pushed baby son Journey in a stroller  'I was a bit of a b***ard': Phil Collins admits to cheating on his ex-wife, but says he was just 'following his heart' Regrets the affair, which ended second marriage 'I had nothing left to give him': Daisy Lowe falls foul of Strictly curse... as she and beau Bradley 'Frankie' Wade couldn't 'cope with the pressure' If you wannabe my mother: Ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham 'wants to manage her son Cruz's pop career' Thinks her experiences make her the perfect candidate Rod Stewart's rarely-seen daughter Ruby follows in her father's footsteps as she opens his tour in Liverpool The apple never falls far from the tree From Top Gear to top rear! Little Mix's Leigh-Anne Pinnock teaches Jeremy Clarkson how to twerk on the Jonathan Ross Show Some say Jeremy Clarkson cannot dance GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Finally, Jeremy Clarkson is silenced - by the raging wife of Sir Shifty, Lady Green Someone who can stop the motormouth  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Phasing out the Fogles! Prince William distances himself from Ben Fogle and his wife  Said to be fed up of Ben talking about him in public GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Doctor Who to marry Lady Rose? Besotted Matt Smith to pop the question to girlfriend Lily James by Christmas  Planning trip to New York Still the Princess of Darkness: X Factor judge Sharon Osbourne, 64, flips the bird as she leaves X Factor post-party looking a little worse for wear Outlandish behaviour Parkinson's sufferer Michael J. Fox appears to go Back To The Future with impassioned guitar solo as he leads special gig to support his charity Nicola Peltz flashes her taut abs in a crop top as she opts for an all-black look in Los Angeles The Transformers: Age of Extinction actress flashed a hint of her abs Kendall Jenner's hangout bar, Emma Stone's beloved salon and Jennifer Aniston's hiking spot: How to ditch the tourist traps and explore LA like a local A-Lister From Baywatch to bag watch: Giddy Kelly Rohrbach shops 'til she drops as she strains under a heavy load Made shopping look like hard work on Saturday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation The 24-year-old model kept close in Florence Sheer delight! Nicole Kidman flashes her cleavage in plunging see-through gown at The Governors Awards... before slipping into classic white high-neck dress for later event 'I don't want to say!' Kris Jenner cries as her mother MJ asks her biggest fear in Keeping Up With The Kardashians Welled up on TV Getting some retail therapy! Julianne Moore and friend Laura Dern browse designer dresses at LA boutique  The 55-year-old looked to be in good spirits  'Loved it!' Kelly Clarkson takes baby Remington and daughter River to Disney World River, 2, and Remington, 7 months,  will have been delighted Danniella Westbrook sports new brunette hairdo, but STILL wears a plaster under her nose... amid reports she's suing Celebrity Botched Up Bodies Hard man Mickey Rourke, 64, proves he's a big softy at heart as muscular actor cradles beloved fluffy pooch The age-defying actor, 64, showed off his bulging biceps People wanted to kill me, says Prince Harry's girl: Meghan Markle opens up to PIERS MORGAN about dating, death threats and most embarrassing moment  Bataclan TURNS AWAY Eagles of Death Metal - who were playing when ISIS massacred 90 music fans - as the concert hall reopens a year after the attack with Sting performance Cringing Cowell! Simon is left red-faced after Dermot shares throwback picture of him with a VERY dodgy hairdo on X Factor Giving a gun show too! What happens in Vegas stays still in Vegas! Britney Spears does the Mannequin Challenge to celebrate Sin City success  Flesh-flashing Charlotte Dawson flirts up a storm with new rugby player boyfriend Matt Sarsfield as they're spotted together for the first time Trinny Woodall's 'nightmare' £300,000 divorce battle from beyond the grave: Fashion guru's bizarre High Court battle over her dead ex's debts  Get Me Out Of Here already! Scarlett Moffatt can't contain her disgust as she's forced to canoe through swampy waters in I'm A Celebrity's first grizzly challenge 'Strictly viewers are delighted to spot Mary Berry in the audience... but are reduced to tears as Judge Rinder's granddad wells up on-screen  She's got good jeans! Khloe Kardashian shows off her toned bottom...as she hits out at haters online Addressing all the criticism Frill-seeker! Slimmed-down Tina Malone shows off her TINY size six figure in black flamenco-style dress as she steps out at RTS Awards Disco fever! Leona Lewis oozes 70s glamour in corkscrew curls and plunging sequin gown as she steals the show at animal charity gala in LA Cara Delevingne flashes her abs with a sexy pin-up on her jacket... as she turns her mind to modelling following St Vincent split She had taken a step back from her modelling  Donatella Versace claims that gay male fashion designers create clothes for the 'women they want to be' rather than their customers   Female style icon Rachel Weisz is cosy beneath a bizarre woolly hat  She is famed for starring in cult classic The Mummy, but Rachel Weisz looked like she was almost embalmed  Ready to take the plunge! Ola Jordan glams up before the jungle in a low cut peachy dress as she meets her I'm A Celebrity team mates Slinky Scherzinger! Nicole shows off stunning figure in racy cut out dress on X Factor before changing into JUST a pink jacket for dinner  Chrissy Teigen and daughter Luna host baby shower for celebrity stylist Monica Rose... and Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are on hand too Braided beauty! Cara Delevingne cuts a fashionable flyer in a chic bomber jacket as she touches down at LAX Eyes front, Philip! A playboy prince eyeing up the ladies? Don't worry, Ma'am - it's only a VERY impertinent scene from hit TV show The Crown  What will Ma'am think? Hugh Jackman spotted cosying up with Madonna at UFC title fight in New York  Watched Conor McGregor and Eddie Alvarez battle it out Vin Diesel and Nina Dobrev fuel the hype for xXx: Return of Xander Cage at Los Angeles fan event Diesel, 49, looked every part the action hero  Will Smith is in high spirits as he has a laugh on set for upcoming fantasy film Bright Will Smith spent his Saturday hard at work on his forthcoming fantasy thriller Bright Liquid gold! Lily Collins oozes class in backless satin gown at the Academy's Governors Awards in Hollywood Perhaps Lily Collins had her sights set on a gold statue Blue bombshell! Bryce Dallas Howard stuns at star-studded Weinstein Company party featuring Matthew McConaughey A real showstopper All-natural beauty! Jenna Dewan is pretty in pink with husband Channing Tatum at Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles  Had her black locks parted in the middle Kate Hudson shines in gold number as she poses with Matthew McConaughey and wife Camila at Baby2Baby Gala Sheerly amazing! Jessica Alba stuns in partially transparent black gown for star-studded Baby2Baby Gala in Los Angeles Charity that supports babies in need In the navy! Jennifer Garner is beautiful in blue as she stuns on red carpet of Baby2Baby Gala in LA The 44-year-old actress looked beautiful in blue Bella Thorne is epitome of casual chic in Daisy Dukes and snakeskin boots before slipping into crop top and ripped jeans Two different outfits 'Bonding with mommy!' Blac Chyna breastfeeds daughter Dream in newborn baby's first tweet Created an Instagram account in baby's name Blac Chyna's mother Tokyo Toni shows charitable side as she promotes food drive after second grandchild is born Tokyo Toni is feeling charitable  Pretty in pattern! Emma Stone and Michelle Williams wow in sparkling gowns for the eighth annual Governors Awards in Hollywood The actresses arrived dressed to the nines Demi Lovato holds hands with rumoured MMA fighter beau Luke Rockhold as they arrive to UFC 205 in New York It's been the worst kept celebrity couple secret for a while now Calling the shots! Katie Holmes puts on sexy display in silky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Napa Valley Film Festival At the festival to show All We Had Kris Jenner is all smiles as she joins in stylist's baby shower two days after becoming a grandma for fifth time The shower was for stylist Monica Rose A Dream come true! Rob Kardashian chose baby name based on life-long fatherhood aspirations He called his newborn girl Dream Prince Harry's new girlfriend Meghan Markle is already back in Canada after two days in London - despite claims he might introduce her to Queen Dear Harry, don't be such a hot-head over Meghan, says RACHEL JOHNSON in an impassioned open letter to the Prince  After his letter to press Coronation HEAT! Jane Danson and Tina O'Brien steal the spotlight in chic black dresses at the North West RTS Awards At North West awards Thrilling, funny and a little bit sexy: J. K. Rowling's new film Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them is just magic  Worth the wait Growing up fast! Jamie Oliver cuddles up to wife Jools and adorable baby son River Rocket in a sweet Instagram Shared another sweet snap I'm A Celebrity's Sam Quek is fighting back against breast implants: Team GB hockey star says she will represent women 'with small boobs' on the show  Robbie Williams brings the razzle dazzle in a green metallic tuxedo as he joins stunning French singer Jenifer at the NRJ Music Awards  Brought some dazzle  Millie Mackintosh flaunts her enviable washboard abs in TINY white bikini as she jets off on exotic Mauritius break with boyfriend Hugo Taylor Cristiano Ronaldo takes centre stage as Portugal star poses in just his white pants for the mannequin challenge Super toned What a catch! Hilary Duff shows off her bikini body after reeling in two fish on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh Showcased killer abs and fishing skills  EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard Pascal Duvier spotted working for Fergie on Malibu beach shoot EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Fergie makes a splash as she writhes around on the beach during sexy music video shoot The 41-year-old Don't Lie singer was in Malibu Baby on board! Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna pictured taking newborn daughter Dream home from the hospital in Los Angeles Ready for parenthood Julian Lloyd Webber's war on a G-string: Composer fights to close brothels after his WIFE is mistaken for a sex worker just yards from their home 'Sunday funday': Naomi Watts cuddles up with two sons in the sand as they enjoy bonding time after shock split with Liev Schreiber A break from promoting Wahoo! Justin Timberlake catches a big fish during Caribbean holiday with golfer Justin Rose Shared his haul on social media Saturday night fever! Saara Aalto dazzles on X Factor disco week in 'dangerous' futuristic outfit, but Five After Midnight give her a run for her money 'Saturday coffee shuffle': Kate Hudson kicks off weekend by dancing in her underwear to new Alicia Keys album Shared on Snapchat  Abs-olutely stunning! Kendall Jenner displays toned stomach in sports bra as she leaves gym before posting butt shot on Instagram Looked super fit Movie night! Taylor Swift smiles as she unwinds with mother Andrea at theater in LA The 26-year-old was in Hollywood with her mother on Friday night.  Now that's a recipe for success! The Great British Bake Off winner Candice Brown cuts a chic figure in elegant skater dress as she leads cookery presentation 'That will go down in Strictly history!': Judges are left speechless as Ed Balls performs his most daring routine to date with a salsa to Gangnam Style Tatt's new! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly shows off latest inking which covers her entire thigh in raunchy underwear snap on Instagram Flower power EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Pink confirms she is pregnant with her second child as she is seen wearing baggy clothes in Los Angeles  The bare cheek of it! Amanda Holden can't resist taking a sneak peak at a workman's exposed bum as she saunters through Portsmouth Life is just peachy! Kendall Jenner flashes her derriere in racy black suspenders as she struts her stuff backstage at La Perla shoot Just roll with it! Curlers-clad Chloe Khan flaunts her ample cleavage in a tight plunging dress for saucy selfie Sent her fans wild. Hot metal! Mischa Barton shines in silver jacket for night out at LA hotspot The former O.C. star was unmissable in the statement piece  Megan McKenna vamps it up in ribbed LBD and racy thigh-high boots for salon launch after reuniting with beau Pete Wicks following sexting scandal Christina Hendricks rocks trendy choker with curly updo at Bad Santa 2 press event Tried new look alongside Billy Bob Thornton and Kathy Bates Photograph in Taylor Swift's sexual assault lawsuit against radio DJ is leaked despite judge's order to seal the image The accused is former radio DJ David Mueller  Nicola McLean dazzles in a stylish leopard print top as she cuddles up to her chihuahua at The Secret Life of Pets premiere At London DVD launch Eating for two! Pregnant Natalie Portman stocks up on healthy groceries while out in LA She's sticking to a clean, organic diet Make-up free Louise Redknapp flashes a bright white smile as she parks her £90k Mercedes in a permit only bay on her way to Strictly rehearsals Bumping along nicely! Pregnant Katherine Heigl shows off growing belly in striped maxi skirt as she heads to a birthday party Announced back in June Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries takes the plunge in rose-gold mini-dress at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Making a name for herself in her own right Michelle Williams cuts a chic figure in slinky black cocktail dress at Variety's Actors on Actors taping Dishing about their work for the TV series 'I didn't think I could love him any more': Vicky Pattison reignites romance rumours with best friend Alex Cannon as she shares sweet snap  Kerry Katona shows off daughter Molly's hidden talents as she tweets Simon Cowell a clip of the talented teenager performing  Musical parents Martine McCutcheon looks effortlessly chic in a black faux fur coat as she cuddles up to husband Jack McManus and their pet pooch Happily loved-up EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Is Pink secretly pregnant? Singer sparks baby rumours as she emerges after months out of the spotlight looking radiant in flowing dress Bruce Springsteen is rescued by veterans on Veterans Day after his motorcycle breaks down in New Jersey He broke down on the side of the roadside Baby, it's cold outside! Gigi Hadid wraps up warm in all-black outfit while on a stroll through New York The  21-year-old was spotted all bundled up Showing The Weeknd what he's missing? Newly single Bella Hadid accentuates model frame in skintight leggings... just days after split Actress Julie Gregg, who played Sandra Corleone in The Godfather, dies at 79 after cancer battle She also starred in Man of La Mancha in 1972 Golden balls, golden touch! David Beckham 'earned £11 MILLION in one year' through endorsemens Retirement deal Kate Beckinsale looks gorgeous in two-piece ensemble while promoting Underworld: Blood Wars Stunning appearance 'Surely she has to go now!': Angry X Factor fans demand Honey G gets the boot after revealing she was addicted to Class A drugs Imogen Thomas slips her gorgeous figure into casually chic roll neck and leather leggings as she poses up a storm at Secret Life of Pets premiere 'It will be used a number of times throughout the series': Producers 'build secret sex cave' in push for jungle romance on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Busty Chloe Goodman showcases her womanly curves in lace-up swimsuit as she embarks on a raunchy beach photoshoot in Mykonos She's back! Kim Kardashian smiles again in sexy princess costume with North and Saint in first pictures taken at home since Paris heist terror The Sixties called! Rita Ora rocks a bouffant beehive as she flaunts her enviably toned legs in quirky oversized shirt dress Oh beehive! Bryce Dallas Howard works off her Black Mirror weight gain at LA gym Exercising her curvaceous figure 'My little model!': Kim Zolciak gushes on social media over daughter Kaia's penchant for posing Kaia has already caught the modeling bug Robbie Williams blows kisses to devoted fans during radio interview in Milan... after scoring his TWELFTH number one Happy man 'They are very much an item': Kate Moss, 42, and former beau Count Nikolai Von Bismarck, 29, fuel reconciliation rumours with 'touchy feely' display at David Bowie musical Amy Adams is the picture of elegance in sleek black maxi dress with low-cut sides at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA Incredibly elegant Ashley Tisdale and Christopher French start their weekend with a hike in LA's Runyon Canyon The actress, 31, wed in 2014 Doctor Who's Pearl Mackie holds a concerned gaze while filming scenes for upcoming series in eerie woodland in Cardiff Taking tips from Myleene? Carol Vorderman, 55, flaunts her youthful figure and ample cleavage in a sexy white swimsuit ahead of I'm A Celebrity 'My body, my choice!' Emily Ratajkowski posts topless shot to protest Donald Trump's stance on women's issues Angelina Jolie's father Jon Voight reveals he wants 'things to work out' between his daughter and her estranged husband Brad Pitt Battle of the boobs! Isla Fisher and January Jones unleash the cleavage at Nocturnal Animals premiere in LA  Like Nocturnal Animals - they came out at night Helen Mirren and Taylor Hackford look more loved-up than ever as they enjoy a date nigth at premiere of his new star-studded film The Comedian ABBA's Benny Andersson and Bjorn Ulvaeus join Simon Fuller for dinner in London after it's announced they're working on a 'groundbreaking venture' 'I did cocaine, pills and magic mushrooms': X Factor's Honey G admits she was addicted to Class A drugs after string of personal issues I'm Fur-Real! Make-up free Jennifer Lopez wraps up in a cosy winter coat as she prepares to shoot scenes for Shades Of Blue Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm slams 'fat and skinny shamers'... after being trolled online for her slender frame Accused of having an eating disorder last year Wild thing! Thandie Newton catches the eye in colourful leopard print coat and printed pencil skirt as she steps out in NYC Sartorial flair Perrie Edwards stuns in EXTREMELY ripped jeans as she arrives at Sydney Airport with Little Mix to promote their new album Glory Days 'I trust her with all of my heart': Lewis Bloor puts his faith in Marnie Simpson as she prepares to film Geordie Shore... while she predicts the series will be 'eventful' 'Watching my girls sleep': Rob Kardashian shares sweet video of Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream... but can't help jibing at his snoring fiancee Daisy Lowe displays her leggy model figure in super-short dress and grungy biker jacket as she makes her way to Strictly filming Terri Seymour shows off slim figure in slinky black leather dress as she interviews the stars at Nocturnal Animals screening in LA No Bad Blood here! Taylor Swift 'is writing songs about exes Calvin Harris and Tom Hiddleston'... but will focus on their 'friendly' breakups Home And Away's Pia Miller flaunts her slim frame and flawless make-up free complexion in backless swimsuit for romantic trip with Tyson Mullane Simply stylish! Emma Watson and Thandie Newton show their support at premiere of City of Joy documentary Understated style Sofia Vergara looks sensational in a plunging metallic dress as she steps out with handsome husband Joe Manganiello for a dinner date in LA 'Already starting to fall in love with Sydney': Bachelor's Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon strip down to black bikinis to soak up the sun at the beach White hot! Cobie Smulders flashes her long stems in monochrome ensemble at the Moves Power Women gala in NYC 'He can't do manly or strong': Ed Balls' Strictly dance partner Katya Jones reveals the politician has embraced his 'inner camp' Shine bright! Nicole Kidman glistens as she floats down the red carpet in angelic white for the LA premiere of Lion   Sexy señorita! Ariel Winter steams up Snapchat with bikini selfie before posing in lacy crop top on Mexico trip She's not shy Poised in purple! Jessica Chastain wows in plunging gown at Miss Sloane premiere in Los Angeles Natural beauty Chanelle Hayes parades her curves in a barely-there glitzy bikini as she puts on a VERY amorous display with boyfriend Ryan Oates in Ibiza Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her incredible figure in sheer lingerie at fashion show  All dressed up Amber Rose keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she visits Blac Chyna again... and even brings son Sebastian along to meet new baby Hilaria Baldwin shows off yoga prowess for upside down kiss with husband Alec... as she writes lengthy post-election message  'It's great his gene will live on!': Lewis Hamilton reveals his Bulldog Roscoe had its sperm frozen before having the snip Rolling in deep space! Adele gets private tour of NASA headquarters from astronaut who presented her Brit Award  Behind-the-scenes tour That's a wrap! Jorgie Porter channels winter chic in sweater dress, shearling coat and over-the-knee boots for dinner date with friends  Just like daddy! Josh Duhamel's son Axl steals the show as he poses up a storm on star-studded red carpet for new Avatar-inspired Cirque du Soleil Looking CAPE-tivating! Rebecca Ferguson flaunts her toned legs in dazzling play-suit as she performs at concert in Sheffield  Tracks from new album Baring all! Imogen Anthony flaunts her pert derriere and under-bust as she poses for a provocative series of photos dressed in  little more than a sheer g-string Her favourite spot! Sofia Richie wears a sports luxe look to grab a bite at her go-to eatery  Catching up with a pal Hello petal! Jennifer Garner flashes her legs in floaty skirt as she lugs vase of pretty flowers into Venice cafe Blooming lovely Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Follow @triplepundit 45.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Events Companies Vs Climate Change This event is intended for any professional at any company who is involved in the process of decreasing their company’s carbon footprint and is part of the effort to solve climate change. Ask about 3p discounts! register now Nov 30-Dec 2, Ft. Lauderdale Twitter Chat: #ForcedFashion with C&A Foundation Join C&A Foundation on December 5th where we’ll be looking at forced labor – an issue that still plagues supply chains around the world. register now Dec 5 on Twitter Twitter Chat: Waste Reduction with the Experts at Yum! Brands #YumCSR Join Yum! Brands to discuss how one of the world’s largest restaurant companies is focused on waste reduction in its stores and in the larger restaurant industry. register now Nov 17 on Twitter More Events… Close Special Series Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Sustainable Innovation In this series, we’ll explore what innovation means when it comes to product engineering. Sometimes a great idea can take decades to turn into a reality, and that’s a good thing. Sponsored by United Technologies Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health How Cotton Goes Beyond Fabric, Sustainably In this series we’ll explore the lesser-known uses of the versatile cotton plant, insights into its environmental impact, and its complex supply chain which extends from around the world to the couch you might be sitting on right now. Sponsored by Cotton Incorporated Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 25% OFF: Companies Vs Climate Change Conference discount code "P100COM". Register here. Business Coalition Boosts Promotion of FSC-Certified Products by Leon Kaye on Monday, Oct 17th, 2016 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) A managed eucalyptus forest in rural China. Last week, six large companies announced they would work together to educate consumers about paper and wood products certified by the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC). The businesses include International Paper, Kimberly-Clark, HP, McDonald’s, Procter & Gamble and Williams Sonoma. These firms join nonprofit partners WWF, Sierra Club and National Wildlife Federation in the effort to showcase FSC’s brand and reputation. Other companies joining this campaign include outdoor gear companies Burton and Patagonia; the furniture maker West Elm; and home furnishings giant Pottery Barn. All of these companies either produce paper products, manufacture goods from timber or, in the case of HP, use paper extensively within their supply chain. FSC, and its large corporate partners, cite the oft-noted statistics that the world’s forests are host to about 80 percent of the world’s biodiversity and provide an economic lifeline for at least 1.6 billion people. The timing is definitely spot on, as this accelerated push to amplify FSC’s messages and its benefits comes at a time when deforestation is often in the headlines. Relentless fires across Indonesia could have caused as many as 100,000 deaths last year, and the ongoing bad news about palm oil offers other industries an opportunity to shine and spotlight their work on managing forests. Yet there are also positive signs, as more companies have partnered with NGOs in order to halt the destruction of what is one of the world’s most important carbon sinks. Initiatives such as the Bonn Challenge show promise to restore more of the world’s forests. Environmental NGOs have long touted the FSC’s certification systems as they are designed to stop the harvest of rare old-growth forests, slash the use of hazardous chemicals, protect water quality, and engage local communities with a particular focus on protecting the human rights of indigenous peoples. The problem with this over-produced ‘One Simple Action’ agenda, however, is that it is heavy on public relations campaigning, blares loudly like an advertisement to purchase from certain brands and, quite frankly, is low on substance. And therein lies a huge opening for more criticism, as the FSC has garnered its fair share of detractors. Greenpeace, for example, acknowledged that the FSC has been critical to improving the performance of companies within the paper and timber industries. But the problem, according to a 2013 report, is that FSC-certified operators have been involved with dubious forestry practices and are ensnared in conflict with local communities from Brazil and Indonesia to the Congo Basin. Another company that has been committed to FSC certification, the furniture giant Ikea, was accused by the Guardian of logging old-growth forests in northwestern Russia. It is true that no certification system is going to be perfect. The palm oil industry is struggling to stop deforestation with its sustainable standards organization, the RSPO. The global beef sector is making moves to mitigate its impact on people and the planet. Ongoing revelations of human rights violations show the garment industry has a long road ahead to score consumer trust, and this sector clearly could benefit a centralized sustainability standards system analogous to FSC. Nevertheless, the evidence suggests FSC has much work to do to ensure that all of its operators and participating brands are truly compliant and committed to stopping deforestation, rather than patting themselves on the back. These leading brands’ commitments do indeed give the organization a shot in the arm. But what FSC and its partners need to do now is leverage the power of these organizations to ensure their systems are truly rigorous if they are going to score the buy-in of the skeptics out in the marketplace. Image credit: Leon Kaye Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4310 articles in this category: What’s the Impact of the U.S. Presidential Election on Climate? Jellyfish, a Sustainable Source for Paper Towels and Diapers? Agreement Reached on ‘No Deforestation’ Standards for Palm Oil Companies Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2016 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report UltraTech Cement edges lower after announcing Q2 results UltraTech Cement shrugs off decent Q2 results Business Standard Key indices languish in negative zone Capital Market  October 17, 2016 Last Updated at 14:11 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TIRqKl Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Market trims gains Market holds positive zone Broad market depicts strength Market extends losses Market pares losses Key benchmark indices languished in negative zone in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 89.12 points or 0.32% at 27,584.48. The decline in the Nifty 50 index was higher than the Sensex's fall in percentage terms. The Nifty was currently down 47.10 points or 0.55% at 8,536.30. Weakness in European stocks weighed on sentiment on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was negative. On BSE, 1,382 shares declined and 1,276 shares rose. A total of 179 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.56%. The decline in this index was higher than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 0.17%. The decline in this index was lower than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. In overseas stock markets, European stocks edged lower as investors remained cautious ahead of earnings, key data and a European Central Bank (ECB) meeting later this week. Asian stocks witnessed a mixed trend. US stocks registered small gains on Friday, 14 October 2016, as investors digested commentary from key Federal Reserve officials while parsing through strong bank earnings and US economic data. FMCG stocks were mixed. Dabur India (down 2.2%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 1.04%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.05%), Britannia Industries (down 0.54%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.35%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.08%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.04%) edged lower. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.44%), Emami (up 0.47%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.48%), Marico (up 0.71%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.07%) edged higher. Capital goods stocks declined. Havells India (down 3.85%), Crompton Greaves (down 1.99%), GE T&D India (down 1.9%), Suzlon Energy (down 1.71%), L&T (down 1.17%), Thermax (down 0.81%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (down 0.75%), BEML (down 0.71%), Siemens (down 0.47%), Bharat Electronics (down 0.45%) and AIA Engineering (down 0.06%) edged lower. Praj Industries (up 0.24%) and ABB India (up 0.01%) edged higher. UltraTech Cement was down 1.36% at Rs 3,983.40. The stock was volatile. The stock hit a high of Rs 4,069.55 and a low of Rs 3,965 so far during the day. On a consolidated basis, the company's net profit rose 25.05% to Rs 614 crore on 2.52% decline in net sales to Rs 5709 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 17 October 2016. With regard to future business outlook, UltraTech Cement said that the government's thrust on developing infrastructure spending, good monsoons, development of smart cities leading to growth in housing demand in Tier-I and Tier-II cities, slower pace of new capacity addition augur well for the cement industry. The company added that it is well positioned across the country to meet the expected rise in cement demand and participate in the next phase of growth in the country. Separately, UltraTech Cement announced after market hours on Friday, 14 October 2016 that it is proposing to issue secured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) amounting to Rs 300 crore on private placement basis. The tenure of debentures is five years. The interest offered on debentures is 7.15% per annum. eClerx Services rose 1.49% at Rs 1,541 after the company fixed 28 October 2016 as the record date for ascertaining entitlement for buyback of equity shares. eClerx Services said that the share buyback committee of board of directors of the company at its meeting held on Friday, 14 October 2016, determined the final buyback price of Rs 2,000 per share and the final amount for buyback to be Rs 234 crore. With the buyback price of Rs 2,000 per share and buyback size of Rs 234 crore, the total number of shares to be bought back in the buyback shall be 11.70 lakh equity shares, representing about 2.87% of the total issued and paid-up equity capital of the company as on 31 March 2016. The company will buy back shares on proportionate basis from existing shareholders through the tender offer route. On the macro front, data released by the government after market hours on Friday, 14 October 2016 showed that India's trade deficit narrowed to $8.34 billion in September 2016, from $10.17 billion a year earlier. Imports declined 2.54% to $31.22 billion. Exports rose 4.62% to $22.88 billion. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Bse | Sensex | Nifty | Stock Market | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Everyone carves their own path to digital leadership Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Key indices languish in negative zone Key benchmark indices languished in negative zone in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 89.12 points or 0.32% at 27,584.48. The decline in the Nifty 50 index was higher than the Sensex's fall in percentage terms. The Nifty was currently down 47.10 points or 0.55% at 8,536.30. Weakness in European stocks weighed on sentiment on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was negative. On BSE, 1,382 shares declined and 1,276 shares rose. A total of 179 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.56%. The decline in this index was higher than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 0.17%. The decline in this index was lower than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. Key benchmark indices languished in negative zone in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 89.12 points or 0.32% at 27,584.48. The decline in the Nifty 50 index was higher than the Sensex's fall in percentage terms. The Nifty was currently down 47.10 points or 0.55% at 8,536.30. Weakness in European stocks weighed on sentiment on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was negative. On BSE, 1,382 shares declined and 1,276 shares rose. A total of 179 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.56%. The decline in this index was higher than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 0.17%. The decline in this index was lower than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. In overseas stock markets, European stocks edged lower as investors remained cautious ahead of earnings, key data and a European Central Bank (ECB) meeting later this week. Asian stocks witnessed a mixed trend. US stocks registered small gains on Friday, 14 October 2016, as investors digested commentary from key Federal Reserve officials while parsing through strong bank earnings and US economic data. FMCG stocks were mixed. Dabur India (down 2.2%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 1.04%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.05%), Britannia Industries (down 0.54%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.35%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.08%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.04%) edged lower. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.44%), Emami (up 0.47%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.48%), Marico (up 0.71%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.07%) edged higher. Capital goods stocks declined. Havells India (down 3.85%), Crompton Greaves (down 1.99%), GE T&D India (down 1.9%), Suzlon Energy (down 1.71%), L&T (down 1.17%), Thermax (down 0.81%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (down 0.75%), BEML (down 0.71%), Siemens (down 0.47%), Bharat Electronics (down 0.45%) and AIA Engineering (down 0.06%) edged lower. Praj Industries (up 0.24%) and ABB India (up 0.01%) edged higher. UltraTech Cement was down 1.36% at Rs 3,983.40. The stock was volatile. The stock hit a high of Rs 4,069.55 and a low of Rs 3,965 so far during the day. On a consolidated basis, the company's net profit rose 25.05% to Rs 614 crore on 2.52% decline in net sales to Rs 5709 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 17 October 2016. With regard to future business outlook, UltraTech Cement said that the government's thrust on developing infrastructure spending, good monsoons, development of smart cities leading to growth in housing demand in Tier-I and Tier-II cities, slower pace of new capacity addition augur well for the cement industry. The company added that it is well positioned across the country to meet the expected rise in cement demand and participate in the next phase of growth in the country. Separately, UltraTech Cement announced after market hours on Friday, 14 October 2016 that it is proposing to issue secured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) amounting to Rs 300 crore on private placement basis. The tenure of debentures is five years. The interest offered on debentures is 7.15% per annum. eClerx Services rose 1.49% at Rs 1,541 after the company fixed 28 October 2016 as the record date for ascertaining entitlement for buyback of equity shares. eClerx Services said that the share buyback committee of board of directors of the company at its meeting held on Friday, 14 October 2016, determined the final buyback price of Rs 2,000 per share and the final amount for buyback to be Rs 234 crore. With the buyback price of Rs 2,000 per share and buyback size of Rs 234 crore, the total number of shares to be bought back in the buyback shall be 11.70 lakh equity shares, representing about 2.87% of the total issued and paid-up equity capital of the company as on 31 March 2016. The company will buy back shares on proportionate basis from existing shareholders through the tender offer route. On the macro front, data released by the government after market hours on Friday, 14 October 2016 showed that India's trade deficit narrowed to $8.34 billion in September 2016, from $10.17 billion a year earlier. Imports declined 2.54% to $31.22 billion. Exports rose 4.62% to $22.88 billion. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Key indices languish in negative zone Key benchmark indices languished in negative zone in mid-afternoon trade. At 14:15 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was down 89.12 points or 0.32% at 27,584.48. The decline in the Nifty 50 index was higher than the Sensex's fall in percentage terms. The Nifty was currently down 47.10 points or 0.55% at 8,536.30. Weakness in European stocks weighed on sentiment on the domestic bourses. The market breadth indicating the overall health of the market was negative. On BSE, 1,382 shares declined and 1,276 shares rose. A total of 179 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently down 0.56%. The decline in this index was higher than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently down 0.17%. The decline in this index was lower than Sensex's decline in percentage terms. In overseas stock markets, European stocks edged lower as investors remained cautious ahead of earnings, key data and a European Central Bank (ECB) meeting later this week. Asian stocks witnessed a mixed trend. US stocks registered small gains on Friday, 14 October 2016, as investors digested commentary from key Federal Reserve officials while parsing through strong bank earnings and US economic data. FMCG stocks were mixed. Dabur India (down 2.2%), Nestle India (down 1.23%), Colgate-Palmolive (India) (down 1.04%), Tata Global Beverages (down 1.05%), Britannia Industries (down 0.54%), Jyothy Laboratories (down 0.35%), GlaxoSmithkline Consumer Healthcare (down 0.08%) and Bajaj Corp (down 0.04%) edged lower. Procter & Gamble Hygiene and Health Care (up 0.44%), Emami (up 0.47%), Hindustan Unilever (up 0.48%), Marico (up 0.71%) and Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.07%) edged higher. Capital goods stocks declined. Havells India (down 3.85%), Crompton Greaves (down 1.99%), GE T&D India (down 1.9%), Suzlon Energy (down 1.71%), L&T (down 1.17%), Thermax (down 0.81%), Bharat Heavy Electricals (down 0.75%), BEML (down 0.71%), Siemens (down 0.47%), Bharat Electronics (down 0.45%) and AIA Engineering (down 0.06%) edged lower. Praj Industries (up 0.24%) and ABB India (up 0.01%) edged higher. UltraTech Cement was down 1.36% at Rs 3,983.40. The stock was volatile. The stock hit a high of Rs 4,069.55 and a low of Rs 3,965 so far during the day. On a consolidated basis, the company's net profit rose 25.05% to Rs 614 crore on 2.52% decline in net sales to Rs 5709 crore in Q2 September 2016 over Q2 September 2015. The result was announced during market hours today, 17 October 2016. With regard to future business outlook, UltraTech Cement said that the government's thrust on developing infrastructure spending, good monsoons, development of smart cities leading to growth in housing demand in Tier-I and Tier-II cities, slower pace of new capacity addition augur well for the cement industry. The company added that it is well positioned across the country to meet the expected rise in cement demand and participate in the next phase of growth in the country. Separately, UltraTech Cement announced after market hours on Friday, 14 October 2016 that it is proposing to issue secured redeemable non-convertible debentures (NCDs) amounting to Rs 300 crore on private placement basis. The tenure of debentures is five years. The interest offered on debentures is 7.15% per annum. eClerx Services rose 1.49% at Rs 1,541 after the company fixed 28 October 2016 as the record date for ascertaining entitlement for buyback of equity shares. eClerx Services said that the share buyback committee of board of directors of the company at its meeting held on Friday, 14 October 2016, determined the final buyback price of Rs 2,000 per share and the final amount for buyback to be Rs 234 crore. With the buyback price of Rs 2,000 per share and buyback size of Rs 234 crore, the total number of shares to be bought back in the buyback shall be 11.70 lakh equity shares, representing about 2.87% of the total issued and paid-up equity capital of the company as on 31 March 2016. The company will buy back shares on proportionate basis from existing shareholders through the tender offer route. On the macro front, data released by the government after market hours on Friday, 14 October 2016 showed that India's trade deficit narrowed to $8.34 billion in September 2016, from $10.17 billion a year earlier. Imports declined 2.54% to $31.22 billion. Exports rose 4.62% to $22.88 billion. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK More Home News Sports Business Things To Do NKY Cincinnati USA Obituaries xtras USA TODAY Archives Weather Apps Subscribe Advertise Media Jobs Homes Cars Retro Cincinnati Business Directory Classifieds Shopping Apartments Communities Member Guide USA TODAY NETWORK Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Xtras! deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Can you pay for retirement with dividends instead of interest? Twice every week, Simply Money’s Nathan Bachrach, Ed Finke and Amy Wagner are answering your financial questions. Post to Facebook Can you pay for retirement with dividends instead of interest? Twice every week, Simply Money’s Nathan Bachrach, Ed Finke and Amy Wagner are answering your financial questions.  Check out this story on cincinnati.com: http://cin.ci/2eHooGn {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Can you pay for retirement with dividends instead of interest? Nathan Bachrach, Ed Finke and Amy Wagner 12:04 a.m. EDT October 17, 2016 . (Photo: .) Twice every week, Simply Money’s Nathan Bachrach, Ed Finke and Amy Wagner are answering your financial questions. If you, a friend, or someone in your family has a money issue or problem, please feel free to send those questions toyourmoney@enquirer.com Margaret from Western Hills: This is a question about stock dividends. With bond and certificate of deposit interest so low, and a good number of stocks paying dividends above 3 percent, is it possible to pay for retirement with dividends instead of interest? Answer: As a purely mathematical issue, yes, it is possible to cover some or all of your retirement expenses with dividends (assuming, of course, you actually own enough of the underlying dividend-paying stocks). This is quite common with investors who’ve either inherited a large position in one or two stock holdings, or accumulated a significant holding via employment, e.g. Procter & Gamble. The real question is whether you should utilize this strategy even if it’s mathematically possible. A well-diversified portfolio which includes interest-bearing investments does much more than just provide income. Owning bonds, as well as stocks, spreads your risk and limits instability during hectic market cycles (think of them as “shock absorbers”). Generating income is – like most elements of investing – a trade-off between risks and rewards. Make sure you understand both before overweighting your portfolio in any one particular direction. Responses are for informational purposes only and individuals should consider whether any general recommendation in these responses are suitable for their particular circumstances based on investment objectives, financial situation and needs. To the extent that a reader has any questions regarding the applicability of any specific issue discussed above to his/her individual situation, he/she is encouraged to consult with the professional adviser of his/her choosing, including a tax advisor and/or a lawyer. Nathan Bachrach and Ed Finke and their team offer financial planning services through Simply Money Advisors, a SEC registered investment adviser in Sycamore Township. Call (513) 469-7500 or email simplymoney@simplymoney.net Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/2eHooGn TOP VIDEOS The day Ray Tensing's murder case was declared a mistrial: 'The world was watching Cincinnati' 3:46 DuBose family reacts to news of mistrial 1:35 Tensing jury submits a question: Define 'arrest' 2:08 DuBose Fiancée still feels 'confident that a murder conviction will come' 0:48 Tensing jury can't agree on verdict, judge orders more deliberation 2:39 Bengals vs. Giants Week 10 Prediction 4:59 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 8 18:29 Jeff Ruby: 'I sense there is not going to be justice' for the DuBose family 2:18 Deters on Tensing crying on the stand: ‘The place to be upset... was after you just blew someone's brains out' 26:55 Defense makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 41:26 Prosecution makes its closing arguments in the Tensing Trial 26:35 Tensing: 'Oh my God, he's going to run me over, he's going to kill me' 12:03 Use-of-force expert: 'The actions of Ray Tensing were justified' 0:50 Where you can satisfy your retail cravings on Thanksgiving 0:34 \u0022I can't wait to see Tensing on the stand\u0022 0:55 Cincinnati Police Criminalist: Tensing 'seemed nervous or afraid' 2:59 Crime lab: No evidence on Tensing’s boots that he was dragged 4:07 Alternate juror in Ray Tensing trial has been dismissed 1:24 Born in Cincinnati, celebrated around the world: An anthem that unites us 3:39 Inside Prep Sports 360: Colerain Football prepares for playoffs 5:05 JP Macura looks ahead to the season 2:24 Cincinnati.com Prep Sports 360 for Nov. 1 22:20 How to fall in love with Korean food 0:33 Week 10 Game of the Week: La Salle vs. Elder 1:30 How to fill out a voting ballot in Kentucky 0:54 More Stories Thumbs up to Cleveland, and here's how Tuberville can silence critics Nov. 11, 2016, 11:22 a.m. What Black Lives, Trump supporters have in common Nov. 11, 2016, 12:50 p.m. Black access matters in Tensing trial Nov. 10, 2016, 3:14 p.m.
Sign In Create Account Sign Out My Account Home Products Bakery Beverages Breakfast, Cereals & Bars Dairy Meals & Sides Meat, Poultry & Seafood Sauces & Marinades Snacks & Appetizers Soups Ingredients Phosphates & Acidulants Antioxidants & Nutritionals Batters, Breading & Coatings Cheese, Sauces & Bases Colorings Dietary Fiber Emulsifiers, Fat & Oils Flavors, Seasonings, Spices Flours, Grains, & Pasta Fruits, Vegetables and Nuts Gums & Starches Proteins & Enzymes Sweeteners Formulation Allergens & Intolerance Gluten Free Authentic & Ethnic Calorie Reduction Cost Reduction Fat Reduction Organic & Natural Shelf Stability Sodium Reduction Weight Management Vegetarian R&D Lab Tech/QA-QC/Food Safety NutraSolutions Functional New Products Functional Ingredients Functional Benefits Food Master Videos Interactive Spotlight Videos More eNewsletter Archives Events New Product Conference R&D Applications Seminar Spirit of Innovation Awards Industry Events Webinars Prepared Foods Mobile App Prepared Foods Store Special Reports/White Papers Innovation Sources First Person 19 Product Development Resources Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Editions Contact Advertise Home » Campbell Announces Management Changes Breaking NewsSoups Campbell Announces Management Changes Shift in leadership to occur in Campbell Fresh Division and Integrated Global Services October 18, 2016 KEYWORDS campbell soup company / food and beverage industry / food industry news Reprints No Comments Campbell Soup Company announced the appointment of Ed Carolan as President – Campbell Fresh (C-Fresh). Carolan, 47, will lead the division that includes Bolthouse Farms beverages, salad dressings and carrots, Garden Fresh Gourmet salsa, hummus and dips, and fresh soup, which combined account for approximately $1 billion in net sales.   Carolan will succeed Jeff Dunn, who is leaving Campbell to become Chief Executive Officer of Juicero, Inc., the San Francisco-based startup that recently launched the first professional-quality, connected countertop cold-press juicer. Campbell has invested $13.5 million in Juicero, which is focused on inventing products, services and experiences that help people consume more fresh fruits and vegetables.   Dunn also will remain involved in Acre Venture Partners, the independent venture capital operation to which Campbell committed $125 million in 2016, as a venture partner. Additionally, Campbell will retain its seat on Acre’s investment committee, as well as its board observer seat at Juicero. Both positions will be held by Adam Ciongoli, Campbell’s General Counsel.   Commenting on Dunn’s departure, Campbell’s President and Chief Executive Officer Denise Morrison said, “Jeff has made important contributions to Campbell during his time with the company. We wish him well as he embarks on a new and exciting chapter of his career, and I look forward to continuing to collaborate with him through Acre Venture Partners and in his new role at Juicero.”   Carolan and Dunn will work together to manage the transition over the next several weeks.   Commenting on Carolan’s appointment, Morrison said, “Ed is an excellent leader who has played a critical role as we pursue Campbell’s strategic imperatives and transform the way we work. He brings both strategic insights and deep experience as a hands-on operator with a long track record of delivering outstanding business results. In his new role, he will be supported by a strong and seasoned leadership team at C-Fresh. I am confident that Ed and the team will continue to expand our presence in the faster-growing packaged fresh category.”   Carolan joined Campbell in 2001 and has successfully led several significant businesses and functions. Most recently, he served as President of Integrated Global Services (IGS). Formed in January 2015, IGS is Campbell’s global shared services organization focused on building enterprise capabilities while lowering costs. In that role, Carolan created and implemented a business model designed to unlock value for the company, build new capabilities and deliver faster and more efficient services. Under Carolan’s leadership, IGS drove cost savings that contributed to the company’s gross margin expansion and record cash flow from operations in fiscal 2016.   Earlier in his career, as President, US Retail, Carolan was responsible for Campbell’s $3.6 billion US Soup, Sauces and Beverages business. He also led the US Soup and Simple Meals business for Campbell, where he drove five consecutive quarters of growth in US soup, including 5 percent growth in fiscal 2013. Previously, he served as General Manager – Pepperidge Farm Snacks Division, leading the crackers and cookies business, where he accelerated growth behind Goldfish crackers. From 2006 to 2009, he was General Manager of Campbell’s StockPot® fresh soup and North America Foodservice businesses.   Before joining Campbell, Carolan spent five years in brand management at Procter & Gamble. He earned a Bachelor of Science degree in electrical engineering from the Georgia Institute of Technology and a Master of Business Administration from Harvard Business School.   Kessler To Lead IGS   Bethmara Kessler, previously Vice President, Corporate Audit, was named Senior Vice President of IGS, succeeding Carolan. Kessler will join Campbell’s Leadership Team and will become a corporate officer.   Kessler joined Campbell as Vice President, Corporate Audit in 2014 from Warner Music Group, where she had served as Senior Vice President, Internal Audit, and Co-Chief Compliance Officer. Before that, she co-founded and worked for the Fraud and Risk Advisory Group, a consulting firm. Earlier in her career, she served on the executive leadership team at Limited Brands. She also played a key role in helping implement the company's shared services processes and capabilities.   Kessler earned a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in accounting from Baruch College of the City University of New York. She is a certified fraud examiner and a certified information systems auditor. She is a member of the Association of Fraud Examiners, Institute of Internal Auditors and Information Systems Audit & Control Association.   Morrison said, “IGS is a critical part of our efforts to build capabilities and reduce costs to unlock the growth potential of our business. Bethmara is a strong leader with experience in running a shared services organization and implementing enterprise processes that deliver results. Her wealth of experience in strengthening capabilities, fostering talent and leading teams will be an asset to Campbell as she leads IGS to help accelerate our performance.” Did you enjoy this article? Click here to subscribe to Prepared Foods. Related Articles Campbell to Discuss Plans to Redesign Enterprise Structure Campbell Announces Plans for a Reorganization Campbell Soup Company Names Shewchuk to New Roles Campbell to Acquire Garden Fresh Gourmet Related Products Food Safety for the 21st Century: Managing HACCP and Food Safety throughout the Global Supply Chain The Future of the Prepared Meals Market in the US, to 2019 FEMA 100 - A Century of Great Taste Lean Manufacturing in the Food Industry Related Events Keynote Address: How to Win and Lead Market Change FDA Requirements for Food Defense Planning and Implementation Mission to Mitigate: Preventing recalls and outbreaks by design Optimizing Target Weights for Foods and Beverages You must login or register in order to post a comment. Report Abusive Comment Thank you for helping us to improve our forums. Is this comment offensive? Please tell us why. 
 Subscribe For Free! Print & Digital Edition Subscriptions Prepared Foods eNewsletter Online Registration Subscription Customer Service Mobile App More Videos Events September 22, 2016 Strategies to Drive Profitable Growth for Your Functional Beverage Attendees will learn about functional beverage innovations, trends, and consumer purchase drivers, what Millennials expect from healthy beverage products and how to make and keep your brand relevant and sensory challenges in functional beverages and flavor/odor masking solutions to meet consumer expectations for great taste October 20, 2016 Taste Insights: Reducing Sugar and Caloric Content with Fiber Find out how you can meet today's sugar reduction challenges. As you work to fulfill both the scheduled FDA changes to the Nutrition Facts Label and consumer preferences, you will benefit from learning how to reduce, rebalance, or replace added sugars with label-friendly ingredients. View All Submit An Event Poll Meal Kit Delivery Services Do you believe meal kit delivery services are in a position to create a major impact on traditional supermarkets? Yes No View Results Poll Archive Products Vegetable Oils in Food Technology: Composition, Properties and Uses, 2nd Edition Now in an extensively updated second edition, the volume provides a source of concentrated and accessible information on the composition, properties and food applications of the vegetable oils commonly used in the food industry. See More Products Prepared Foods 2016 October The October 2016 issue of Prepared Foods features our cover story on dietary fibers, improving immunity, and much more! View More Subscribe More Food | Beverage | Packaging Group Custom Content & Marketing Services Market Research List Rental Editorial Guidelines Want More Connect New Product Submission Form Copyright ©2016. All Rights Reserved BNP Media. Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development :: ePublishing
Folk Legend Oscar Brand, 96 | Great Neck Record CLOSE Home Great Neck News Fire & Police Events All Events School News Arts Sports Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Magazine Great Neck Magazine Specials Automotive Banking & Finance Camps & Schools Education Healthy Living Home Design Senior Living Vacation & Travel Wine & Dine More Obituaries Important Info Sunday, November 13, 2016 Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Newspaper In Education Lesson Plans Sister Sites Home Great Neck News Fire & Police Events All Events School News Arts Sports Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Magazine Great Neck Magazine Specials Automotive Banking & Finance Camps & Schools Education Healthy Living Home Design Senior Living Vacation & Travel Wine & Dine More Obituaries Important Info Home Arts Folk Legend Oscar Brand, 96 Arts Great Neck News Obituaries Folk Legend Oscar Brand, 96 By Great Neck Record Staff - October 18, 2016 0 119 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Oscar Brand Oscar Brand, folk singer-songwriter, broadcaster and author, died at his Great Neck home on Sept. 30. He was 96. Brand was host of WNYC’s Folksong Festival for 70 years, and was also host of New York Public Radio’s (NPR) Voices in the Wind. His show featured interviews with and songs by many of the folk music greats, including Bob Dylan; Joan Baez; Woody Guthrie; Arlo Guthrie; Joni Mitchell; Peter, Paul & Mary; Judy Collins and Pete Seeger. Brand was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, on Feb. 7, 1920. After graduating from Brooklyn College with a BS in psychology, he joined the U.S. Army and served in World War II. He was cited for his work as section chief of a psychology unit and, later, as editor of a newspaper for psychiatric patients. After the war, in 1945, he began presenting what is now the oldest continuous radio show in history, the award-winning Folksong Festival on NPR. His name can be found among the credits of 75 documentary films, such as Gulf’s Invisible Journey, Ford’s Highway by the Sea, Bell’s Ballad to the Fair and many others for which he has garnered Venice, Edinburgh, Golden Reel, Valley Forge, Freedoms Foundation, Scholastic and Golden Lion Awards. He collected Peabody, Ohio State, Edison and Emmy Awards for his hundreds of television shows and was host of Procter and Gamble’s top-rated Canadian series, Let’s Sing Out for four years. He was music director of NBC-TV’s Sunday Show, Exploring, Treasure Chest and others, and was host and composer for The First Look and NBC’s syndicated Spirit of ’76. As a leading performer for children on TV, records and films, he was on the advisory panel which created Sesame Street. He has scripted and scored ballets for Agnes DeMille and John Butler, commercials for Rival, Log Cabin, Maxwell House, Oldsmobile and more, and was responsible for songs in the films The Fox, Sybil, The Long Riders and Blue Chips. He created music for the critically acclaimed In White America as well as the score for How to Steal an Election. With Paul Nassau, he wrote the lyrics and music for the Broadway shows, A Joyful Noise with John Raitt and directed by Dore Shary, and The Education of H*Y*M*A*N K*A*P*L*A*N with Hal Linden and Tom Bosley, and directed by George Abbott. He also wrote and scored the Kennedy Center’s Bicentennial musical, Sing America Sing and composed the Canadian anthem, “Something to Sing About.” Brand was the curator of the Songwriters Hall of Fame, author of seven best-selling books, recorded 90 LPs and wrote songs for Doris Day, Ella Fitzgerald, Harry Belafonte, the Smothers Brothers and the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. He was on the faculty of The New School, New York University and Hofstra University. In addition to his degree from Brooklyn College, he has a laureate from Fairfield University and an honorary doctorate from the University of Winnipeg. Read David Sear’s essay “Remembering Oscar Brand.” SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleRemembering Oscar Brand Next articleReal Beers Of Long Island Great Neck Record Staff RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Great Neck News Second Bond Issue Presentation General County Scrambles For Fee Alternatives Great Neck News Doris Moss, 99  NO COMMENTS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Calendar << Nov 2016 >> S M T W T F S 30 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 ABOUT USSince 1908, the Great Neck Record has served the communities of Great Neck, Great Neck Estates, Great Neck Plaza, Kensington, Kings Point, Lake Success, Russell Gardens, Saddle Rock, Thomaston and the unincorporated areas as a source for local news and community events. Contact us: greatneck@antonmediagroup.com FOLLOW US © Copyright 2015 - All Rights Reserved
Now Playing Triptico GOTAN PROJECT Listen Live Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us MENU Homepage Features Jobline The Full English Breakfast The Drive Time Blevins Franks report Riviera Radio Shows Riviera Radio Top Yachts Riviera Radio Yacht Search The Best of the Riviera Property Thursday Monte Carlo SBM News News Local News Riviera Radio Daily News Monaco News Monacoscope What's on guide Cinema Giveaways Privilege club Videos Advertisers Radio advertising on the French Riviera Contact advertisers Contact Us   Advertisement French News Tuesday 18th October 2016 Local TGV - Almost 12,000 TGV passengers have spent the night stuck on trains after a suicide brought the network to a standstill. It started when a TGV stopped after hitting the suicide victim in northern Burgandy. Rail traffic was blocked with around 20 TGV trains between Marseille and Paris delayed for an average of 4.5 hours. Movement - French police officers have been gathering throughout France as part of a movement in support of a fellow colleague who was seriously injured on the 8th October in an attack on his patrol vehicle in Essonne. Police officers gathered during the night in silence in Paris and other regions of France including Nantes, Narbonne and Nice. Arrest - A 32 year old man has been placed in police custody after being arrested at Nice airport. According to reports the man was arrested on Sunday after injuring two police officers and making terrorist threats. The man reportedly has no previous criminal record and is due to appear in  court today. Shooting - Police have opened an investigation following another shooting in Nice. A 20 year old man was getting into his car, when two hooded gunmen opened fire in the east of the city. The victim was reportedly unhurt but several bullets struck his car. Audition - Disneyland Paris is looking for professional dancers. If you want to be considered then Disney auditions will be held in Nice at the Off Jazz Centre rue Cassini on Thursday 20th October at 10 o’clock.   Cannes Goes to Mars – The Mayor of Cannes, David Lisnard, has invited 800 people to see the live landing of the Schia-parelli probe on Mars at the Palais des Festivals. Cannes played a key role in the Mars mission with components designed, assembled and tested at Thales Alenia Space in Cannes La Bocca. Doors open Wednesday at 5.30pm and a proof of address will be requested at the door. National Calais - Fourteen unaccompanied teenagers who have been living in the Calais "Jungle" were set to be reunited with relatives after being transferred to Britain on Monday, ahead of the demolition of the French migrant camp. The arrival of the children, who the Home Office interior ministry said were aged between 14 and 17 and from countries including Syria and Sudan, are due to be followed by dozens more in the coming days. They are entitled to move to Britain under EU asylum law due to their family ties to those already in the UK. But campaigners and faith leaders warned there were many more left behind who also deserved the country's help. Brexit - Paris's business district, La Defense, has launched a playful advertising campaign to lure away companies based in Britain seeking a new European base of operations following Brexit. Hoardings of a frog sporting a tie with the colours of the French flag and asking "Tired of the fogs? Try the frogs!" are to go up in the City, London's business district, as well train stations and airports in the British capital. Business Reports from the UK suggest that the Chancellor of the Exchequer Phillip Hammond is increasingly isolated in the cabinet as the government of Prime Minister Theresa May moves towards Brexit. There have been suggestions that Mr Hammond may resign although this has been denied in government circles while other reports say that ministers want the Chancellor to make a public statement giving his unequivocal support for the Prime Minister’s position on exiting the European Union. The Treasury is said to have been “sidelined” as the government prepares to trigger article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty by the end of March next year. Mr Hammond is said to favour a “soft Brexit” with Britain retaining its membership of the single market but he’s in the minority in the cabinet. The US cosmetics and beauty firm Coty is buying the British hair straightener GHD for 420 million pounds. GHD was founded by three entrepreneurs in Bradford in 2001 for 15,000 pounds. Since then,its ceramic straightening irons and hairdryers have become popular with stylists and celebrities. Coty already owns a number of leading hair care brands including Wella and Clairol. A few months ago,Coty became the world’s third largest beauty firm following a 12.5 billion dollar takeover of Procter and Gamble’s perfume,haircare and makeup business. And-Shares in Netflix have jumped by 20 percent after the video streaming firm announced better than expected subscriber numbers. Netflix says that it added another 3.2 million subscribers globally in the third quarter-far more than the 2 million expected by analysts’. In the US numbers increased by 21 percent  helping quarterly revenues rise by 31 percent to 2.29 billion dollars. In the three months to the end of September,Netflix had around 83.3 million subscribers. Sport Football-Liverpool and Manchester United played out a disappointing 0-0 draw at Anfield last night as the visitors played a defensive game that prevented Liverpool from building momentum and the chance to draw level with Manchester City at the top of the table. The Champions League is back in action tonight. Bayer Leverkusen play Spurs in Group E while CSKA host Monaco. In Group F Real Madrid host Legia Warsaw and Sporting play Borussia Dortmund. Group G pairs Brugge with Porto and Leicester against FC Copenhagen while in Group H Dinamo Zagreb play Sevilla and Lyon host Juventus. There’s a full programme in the English Championship tonight.Tune in tomorrow morning for the results. Cricket-Pakistan have beaten West Indies in the day-night Test in Dubai by 56 runs. A second innings century by Darren Bravo had given West Indies some hope of pulling off a remarkable win but it wasn’t quite enough in the end as his side were bowled out for 289-57 short of their target. Tennis-Nick Kyrgios has been banned for 8 tournament weeks and fined 25,000 dollars for his behaviour at last week’s Shanghai Masters. The Australian patted the ball over the net several times in his defeat by Mischa Zverev and walked back to his chair before his opponent’s serve had landed. He’s also agreed to an ATP plan that he see a sports psychologist. Weather Mainly fine with light variable winds. Top temperature 21 degrees Celsius. Overnight lows of 14 degrees on the coast and 9 degrees inland with clear skies. Wednesday and Thursday-Fine tomorrow,sunshine and showers on Thursday.   Finally 85 year old Canadian Ed Whitlock has completed the Toronto marathon setting a new world record in his age category.  Whitlock crossed the finish line after 3hrs 56min 38sec on Sunday breaking the previous world record in the 85-90 age category of 4h 34min 55sec.           Advertisement Homepage Features News What's on guide Giveaways Videos Advertisers Contact Us Copyright - RIVIERA RADIO | Design & SEO by I2N

null
Sunday, November 13, 2016 Login Register Subscribe Welcome Guest Account Settings Register Log out Login Using Social Media Login Using Account Credentials E-Mail Address Password Forgot your password? Navigation Editors’ Picks Weather Market Search × How much do Michelin stars mean today? How AbbVie has won the Humira fight—so far Counting on the Cubs Guess who gets zapped by Springfield's latest energy-efficiency plan Chicago is Camelot for one brief, shining moment Will Uber and driverless cars turn the parking biz into roadkill? Party on, Chicago: Scenes from the Cubs' victory parade and rally How Highland Park got hoodwinked by a New York theater company How one exec reinvented market research for the era of social media How the top technology-oriented U.S. cities stack up × Weather × Market DJ Industrial Avg Nasdaq S&P 500 × Search News Economy Education Finance Health Care Law & Professional Services Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Consumer Goods Small Business Sports Technology Transportation Utilities Politics & Opinion Opinion & Columnists Editorials On Politics Cahill on Business Ecker on Sports Hinz on Politics Miller on Springfield Pletz on Tech City and County Government State and Federal Government Lifestyle & Dining Architecture & Style Arts & Culture Dining Gadgets & Tech Society & People Travel Wellness & Fitness Real Estate Special Reports All Lists Book of Lists Privately Held Publicly Held Fast 50 40 Under 40 20 in Their 20s Best Places to Work Who's Who Tech 50 Small Business Guide Coolest Offices This Week's Crain's Crain's Events Advertise People on the Move Custom Features Big Dates Colleges Corporate Holiday Guide Decisions Giving Guide Illinois’ Healthiest Employers Mind & Body Private School Planner Thought Leadership Vision Wealth Management October 17, 2016 Comments Email Print By Brigid Sweeney SHARE × Facebook Twitter Text / SMS LinkedIn Google + Email Mark Schafer Mark Schafer, co-founder of Schafer Condon Carter, dies at 58 Mark Schafer, co-founder of Schafer Condon Carter, one of Chicago's largest independent advertising agencies, died Oct. 14. He was 58. The cause was a heart attack, a company spokesman said. Schafer formed SCC with his roommate from the University of Iowa, Tim Condon, in 1989. "He was my college roommate, the best man at my wedding, the godfather of my son," Condon told Crain's. "He was my best friend and one of the nicest people I have ever known." Condon recalled the kindness and warmth with which Schafer treated SCC employees. When Schafer interviewed Suzanne Martineau, today an executive creative director at SCC, the meeting lasted three hours and expanded beyond a job interview to a wide-ranging discussion about life and values, according to Condon. "He always put people in front of profit," he said. Former clients with whom SCC had not worked since 1990 showed up to today's memorial service, a testament to Schafer's talent for maintaining friendships, Condon said. Schafer grew up in Roscoe, near Rockford. He began his career in 1984 on the account service side at Mandabach & Simms, a Chicago agency that focused on foodservice clients. The agency was sold to Ketchum Communications in 1987 and is today part of holding company Omnicom Group, based in New York. He moved to San Francisco and switched to the creative side of the business, working as a copywriter and creative director for brands such as Nestle before coming back to Chicago and launching SCC. West Loop-based SCC grew steadily, garnering accounts including Allen Edmonds, the Chicago Cubs, Johnson & Johnson, Procter & Gamble and PepsiCo. Today, SCC employs more than 100 people. Schafer most recently served as COO before retiring in 2014 and assuming the chairman emeritus title. A longtime Glenview resident, Schafer and wife Katie recently purchased a farm in Lyndon Station, Wis., where they were living at the time of his death. In a statement, the agency said Mark was "a brilliant artist and creative executive" who also happened to be "a kind, calm and rock-solid individual who inspired colleagues and clients alike.” Schafer Condon Carter Advertising and Marketing Today's Crain's Get our daily roundup of important business news. Read Next Like our roundup? Share it around. Meet the bond trader making jeans on the West Side Don't get too excited about that Macy's real estate deal Nordstrom slashes Trunk Club's value by more than half Company Contact Us Crain’s Chicago Data Center Order Reprints Connect Subscribe to Crain’s Chicago Business Subscribe to Crain’s Free E-Newsletters Download the Crain’s iPad App Attend Crain’s Events Submit to People on the Move Advertise Advertise with Crain’s Crain’s Custom Media Opportunities Classified Advertising Privacy Policy • Terms of Service Copyright © 2016 Crain Communication, Inc.
null



Latest News Dow 18,848 +39.78 +0.21% Nasdaq 5,237 +28.32 +0.54% S&P 500 2,164 -3.03 -0.14% 11:17 P.M. ET China's home sales up 42.6% this year 11:15 P.M. ET Updated China's industrial output holds steady in October 11:14 P.M. ET Nikkei surges, leaving other Asian markets in the dust 10:18 P.M. ET Updated Powerful 7.8-magnitude quake rocks New Zealand; at least 2 killed 10:01 P.M. ET Updated Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented immigrants 9:50 P.M. ET Donald Trump tells supporters to stop harassment 8:44 P.M. ET Trump said to be ‘disgusted’ with Chris Christie 8:29 P.M. ET Trump-branded properties are poised for a rebound 8:16 P.M. ET ISIS urges truck attacks, says Thanksgiving Day Parade an ‘excellent target’ 7:49 P.M. ET May to say U.K. will pursue free trade while protecting workers at home 7:40 P.M. ET Japan's economy surged forward in Q3 7:36 P.M. ET Look up tonight to see the biggest supermoon in 68 years 6:53 P.M. ET EU vows to work with Trump administration while standing firm on key issues 6:41 P.M. ET Facebook stops allowing ads to target specific ethnic groups 6:28 P.M. ET Updated Pro-Russian presidential candidates win in Bulgaria, Moldova 5:55 P.M. ET Experts forecast rising GDP, inflation and risks 5:52 P.M. ET VW, Audi confirm probe into Audi emissions 5:09 P.M. ET Blockbuster deals would make AMC No. 1 theater chain in world 5:00 P.M. ET Trump is turbocharging the stock market’s V-shaped surge 4:54 P.M. ET Paul Ryan likely to remain House Speaker Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Ratings Game Get email alerts E.L.F.’s ‘fast fashion’ model is perfect for the selfie generation By Tonya Garcia Published: Oct 18, 2016 7:11 a.m. ET Share E.L.F. shares are about 60% higher than its $17 IPO price By TonyaGarcia Reporter elf Cosmetics E.L.F. has a strong following among enthusiasts on social media, one of the assets analysts highlight E.L.F. Beauty Inc., the cosmetics company that went public on Sept. 22, has a business process that analysts at Cowen & Company describe as a “‘fast fashion’ execution,” one of many reasons to have a positive outlook on the company’s future. “E.L.F.’s low price points (average unit retail at Walmart/Target is about $2 to $3) combined with millennial, multicultural, and beauty enthusiast appeal should drive a combination of distribution and comp growth,” analysts wrote in a note published Monday. Cowen initiated E.L.F. ELF, +4.17%   at outperform on Monday with a $32 price target. It’s one of a number of initiations, and analysts are bullish about the newly public company. See also: 5 things to know about E.L.F. Beauty Cowen says E.L.F. can “deliver product to market in as little as 20 weeks, versus traditional cosmetics companies where it takes 24 months.” That is one of five factors for its upbeat note, including low market share with a high threshold for growth, a focus on product innovation that creates demand, and a younger customer base (46% are between the ages of 18 and 34) who are highly engaged. Analysts at Stifel also highlight the company’s growth potential, with expanding store distribution at both existing and new retailers just one reason to be optimistic. Among the retailers selling E.L.F. products are Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.22%  , Target Corp. TGT, +1.15%   and CVS Health Corp. CVS, -2.83%  , along with its own stores and online platform. “The company has significant white space in the U.S. market and longer-term potential internationally, in our view, particularly given its value proposition for national retailers, which make up over 80% of revenues,” analysts wrote in a Monday note. “Although we have no knowledge of any M&A negotiations or discussions, we believe E.L.F. is an attractive acquisition target given favorable category trends and domestic and international white space, providing down-side protection to E.L.F. shares in the near-to-medium term,” the note also said. Analysts believe Coty Inc. COTY, +0.59%   would be the most logical buyer due to its focus on sales growth and scale after acquiring a number of Procter & Gamble Co. PG, +0.75%   fragrance licenses. See also: Coty buys hair straightener maker Ghd J.P. Morgan said that it’s optimistic about the multi-year outlook for E.L.F. not only for the reasons outlined by Cowen and Stifel, but also because the company’s website “lowers marketing spend and enables an asset-light model with fast go-to-market innovation.” Greater use of social media is also facilitating a rise in the use of makeup. “The ‘selfie’ generation wants to look good, is less loyal to prestige brands and is highly influenced by bloggers, and online reviews,” the note said. “We view the company as a clear disruptor in an attractive industry.” See also: ‘The Amazon effect’ and 3 other things to watch for this holiday shopping season Shares of the company are up about 60% in Monday trading from the $17 public offering price. J.P. Morgan analysts say the spike in share price, plus a third quarter that will likely be difficult, are reasons to “wait for a better entry point.” J.P. Morgan rates E.L.F. shares neutral with a $28 price target. The beauty company was also started at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey at buy with a $32 price target. E.L.F. stock is down 3.6% for the month to date, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.14%   is down 1.8% for the same period. More from MarketWatch At Ohio State, Reactions Vary to Lewd Trump Video What a Nobel Prize-winning economist has to say about CEO bonuses The worst thing at the debate wasn’t anything Donald Trump said or did Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate The Trump brand on real estate may see an upturn post election View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Realtor.com How President Trump will change the U.S. housing market View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found e.l.f. Beauty Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ELF $27.00 +1.08 (+4.17%) Volume 403.3K Open $27.23 High $28.47 Low $25.50 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.2B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $71.23 -0.16 (-0.22%) Volume 8.2M Open $71.11 High $71.28 Low $70.60 P/E Ratio 15.32 Div Yield 2.81 Market Cap 220.3B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $71.35 +0.81 (+1.15%) Volume 5.3M Open $70.43 High $71.54 Low $70.20 P/E Ratio 13.21 Div Yield 3.36 Market Cap 41.0B CVS Health Corp. U.S.: NYSE: CVS $75.09 -2.19 (-2.83%) Volume 9.5M Open $77.10 High $77.20 Low $74.71 P/E Ratio 16.12 Div Yield 2.26 Market Cap 80.1B Coty Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: COTY $18.66 +0.11 (+0.59%) Volume 11.4M Open $18.46 High $19.29 Low $18.28 P/E Ratio 233.25 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 13.9B Procter & Gamble Co. U.S.: NYSE: PG $83.58 +0.62 (+0.75%) Volume 8.9M Open $82.67 High $84.06 Low $82.65 P/E Ratio 23.25 Div Yield 3.2 Market Cap 223.7B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,164.45 -3.03 (-0.14%) Volume 734.6M Open 2,163 High 2,166 Low 2,152 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Property Propertynews.com Property For Sale Property For Rent Agent Search Jobs niJobfinder Recruit NI Cars usedcarsni.com Classifieds Belfast Telegraph Classifieds For Sale Family Notices Place your ad Travel Travel Home Delivery Belfast Telegraph Studio Subscribe Newsletters Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ UK Website Of The Year Hi °C | Lo °C | WEATHER Athlone Bray Cork Drogheda Dundalk Galway Kilkenny Limerick Navan Waterford Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go Home › Business › Business News Hair care group GHD sold to Rimmel parent Coty in £420m deal Published 17/10/2016 0 Comments Share Hair care group GHD sold to Rimmel parent Coty in £420m deal BelfastTelegraph.co.uk The US beauty giant behind Rimmel London and Wella has swooped for British hair products firm GHD in a £420 million deal. http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/hair-care-group-ghd-sold-to-rimmel-parent-coty-in-420m-deal-35137030.html http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/business/news/article35137029.ece/1efac/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-3169c250-3f6f-4f57-ba59-34a1f3b33ee2_I1.jpg Email Coty bought GHD in a £420m deal The US beauty giant behind Rimmel London and Wella has swooped for British hair products firm GHD in a £420 million deal. Coty has snapped up the hair straightener and hairdryer manufacturer from private equity firm Lion Capital, which is understood to have put the company up for sale earlier this year. Share Facebook Twitter Google Email Go To Comments The all-cash deal is expected to be sealed by the end of 2016, if it wins the backing of regulators. Camillo Pane, Coty chief executive, said: " Not only do we expect GHD to strengthen our professional hair portfolio and enable Coty to provide even better hair solutions, but we also believe there is strong growth potential for GHD across several markets." The move for GHD, which stands for good hair day, comes just two weeks after Coty secured a merger with Procter & Gamble's Speciality Beauty Business. GHD notched up revenues of £178 million in the 2015-16 financial year across its international operations in Europe, Australia, South Africa and the US. Lyndon Lea, partner of Lion Capital, said: "Over the three years of our ownership, GHD grew worldwide sales by 30% through a strong pipeline of innovative new products, which deepened the brand's leadership in its core markets and supported its successful entry into new hairstyling categories." US and Asian companies are said to have ramped up their interest in British firms as they look to capitalise on sterling's collapse following the EU referendum result. However, it is unclear whether sterling's 18% drop against the US dollar since the Brexit vote had any bearing on Coty's decision. Coty is one of the world's largest beauty companies, with 9 billion US dollars (£7.4 billion) in revenues. Press Association Read More Companies warned of £1.2bn a year cost of hard Brexit  A "hard Brexit" will cost UK companies an extra £1.2 billion a year, it has been estimated. Private sector expansion slows down, Bank of Scotland report shows  The country's private sector expanded at a slower rate last month, burdened by higher input prices and stagnating new business, a new report shows. Michael Noonan to offer reassurances about Ireland's appeal in US meetings  Finance Minister Michael Noonan is expected to offer reassurances about the country's enduring appeal when he meets potential investors in the United States this week. Big Six energy firms 'making six times more profit than they say'  Energy firms have been accused of making more profit than they say, following an investigation into companies' finances. Most Read Most Shared Most Commented JD Wetherspoon sells off Northern Ireland pubs in £3m deal to McLaughlin...  Business News John Lewis releases upbeat Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Business News Oil giant Puma Energy snaps up Belfast's former BP terminal in growth plan  Business News Waitrose bids for best Christmas ad with tear-jerking story of homecoming...  Business News Director in boardroom ban after joinery firm goes bust in Northern Ireland  Business News Video: Have Marks & Spencers released the most heart warming ad this Christmas?  Video News Syrian president Bashar al-Assad ‘ready to cooperate with Donald Trump’  World Confirmed: Teachers' union NASUWT announces date for Northern Ireland schools...  Northern Ireland Belfast York Road crash: Tributes pour in as new dad in his 20s dies  Northern Ireland Anti-Donald Trump protest: Man shot during anti-Trump protest rally in Portland, Oregon  World Donald and his two trump cards: Ivanka and Kellyanne Lena Dunham suffered with hives after Trump's election victory Irish Whiskey - The Comeback Kid Poll: Is the poppy a political symbol? Brexit: Rep of Ireland should just leave EU Nightlife Galleries Nightlife Northern Ireland nightlife: Bot Wednesdays, Nov 9, 2016  Nightlife Nightlife: Limelight for Circus  From Belfast Telegraph Northern Ireland Dramatic moment NI teens clamber to safety after car swept away  Technology Edward Snowden on Donald Trump presidency and privacy  Business News Watch: John Lewis Buster The Boxer Christmas ad  Northern Ireland Revealed: Which Northern Ireland schools will be involved in strike action?  Fashion and Beauty Stunning fashions on display at Down Royal  Northern Ireland Bath time sex romp NI man broke electronic tag  Sports Awards Belfast Telegraph Sports Awards 2016 - it's time to choose the winners  Running Born2Run at Minnowburn - full results, and pictures  Northern Ireland Watch: Moment Ulsterbus bursts into flames  House and Home Property of the week: Modern Millisle beauty  Northern Ireland Watch: Shocking moment young girl hits car  Northern Ireland Safety campaigner under fire for 'kids in cab' video  Travel Readers' favourite Ulster beauty spots Autumn 2016  Opinion Opinion: Topical and political cartoons from Belfast Telegraph  Events The Troubles gallery - IRA checkpoint, early 1970s  By using this website you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. See our Privacy & Cookie Policy News Northern Ireland UK Rep of Ireland Health Education Sport Football Rugby GAA Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Business Business News Money Help & Advice Opinion The Big Interview Economy Watch Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Going Out Cinema Listings Life Woman Fashion House Just Born Just Married Food Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Search Go Mobile Site Sitemap Contact Legal Terms & Policies Media Pack Group Websites Complaints © Belfast Telegraph Home News Northern Ireland UK Republic of Ireland World Health Politics Sunday Life Graduations Sport Football Live Scores Premier League Fixtures Premier League Local Football Scottish International FA and League Cups The Park - Grassroots Football Rugby Ulster Rugby Guinness PRO12 Six Nations European Champions Cup Schools Cup GAA Antrim Armagh Cavan Derry Donegal Down Fermanagh Monaghan Tyrone Golf Motorcycling Motor Sport Other Sports Belfast Giants Boxing Tennis Cricket Cycling Horse Racing Hockey Columnists Biting Back Paul Lindsay Declan Bogue Steven Beacom Billy on the box Scott Young Running Sports Awards Business Business News Appointments Commercial Property Money Help & Advice Opinion Viewpoint John Simpson The Big Interview Economy Watch Company Profiles Working Lunch Property Awards Entertainment News Film and TV Music and Gigs Theatre and Arts Belfast Festival Tech Pokemon Go Life Fashion & beauty Motoring House and Home Property Awards Food & Drink Recipes Restaurant Reviews Features Books Horoscopes Running Women Awards Opinion Letters News Analysis Editor's Viewpoint Columnists Fionola Meredith Eamonn McCann Gail Walker Lindy McDowell Readers Editor Robert Fisk Jane Graham Alf McCreary Frances A Burscough Ruth Dudley Edwards Johnny Andrews Bill White Will Chambré Noel McAdam Archive People Events Places Titanic Belfast 400 Ulster Covenant Travel Video Search Go
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Coty to Acquire Hairstyling-Appliance Maker GHD for $511 Million Stephanie Hoi-Nga Wong stephaniewonghk October 17, 2016 — 10:27 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Purchase is Coty’s first deal after P&G beauty acquisition London-based GHD sells products at salons, high-end retailers Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Coty Inc. agreed to buy the London-based hairstyling-appliances company GHD for 420 million pounds ($511 million) in cash, expanding its offerings in the professional hair category. The British company, whose name is short for “Good Hair Day,” will be acquired from investment firm Lion Capital LLP. The business has increased global sales 30 percent over the past three years, bringing in 178 million pounds in revenue during fiscal year 2016, according to a statement on Monday. GHD sells hair straighteners, dryers and curlers at salons and high-end retailers, as well as online. The deal marks Coty’s first acquisition since it completed the purchase earlier this month of 41 Procter & Gamble Co. beauty brands, including Gucci fragrances, CoverGirl cosmetics and Max Factor makeup. That deal made Coty the world’s third-biggest cosmetics company and the largest in fragrance. The GHD transaction takes advantage of the British pound’s decline, said Jason Gere, an analyst at KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Still, it means one more thing for Coty to digest. “It does add another element to an increasingly full plate for management to handle right now,” he said. Coty shares gained 0.4 percent to $23.43 in New York on Monday. The stock had declined 8.9 percent this year through the end of last week. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Coty Inc London Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Coty's Deal For Good Hair Day 'Bigger Than Expected' Monica Gerson , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} October 17, 2016 9:08am   Comments Share: Related 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Surges Over 100 Points; Coty Shares Slide Takeover chatter on Coty (Seeking Alpha) An article by Sky News suggested that Coty Inc (NYSE: COTY) is in talks to acquire Good Hair Day [GHD], a UK-based manufacturer of high-end hair care products, for substantially more than £400 million. The potential acquisition would offset about half of the dilution from Coty’s planned brand divestitures and boost total sales growth by ~30bps, Barclays’ Lauren Lieberman said in a report. Analyst Lieberman maintained an Equal-weight rating on Coty, with a price target of $28. She mentioned that the price suggested exceeds $468 million using the current exchange rate. While the Sky News article indicated that the deal could be announced as early as later in October, there have been no official comments regarding the potential acquisition. Bigger Than Expected “While it is widely known that Coty intends to build out its beauty portfolio via acquisition less than a month after the RMT with P&G Specialty Beauty, a potential deal for GHD would surely be sooner and bigger than expected,” Lieberman commented. There has been concern around dilution from Coty’s panned exit of 6-8 percent of pro-forma sales. The analyst stated that the divestiture could add ~100bps to total company growth, while the potential GHD acquisition may add another ~30bps to the top-line growth rates. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Latest Ratings for COTY Date Firm Action From To Nov 2016 Morgan Stanley Assumes Equal-Weight Oct 2016 Bank of America Upgrades Neutral Buy Sep 2016 B. Riley Upgrades Sell Neutral View More Analyst Ratings for COTY View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Barclays Lauren LiebermanAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (COTY) 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday Mid-Day Market Update: Dow Surges Over 100 Points; Coty Shares Slide Stocks Hitting 52-Week Lows The Market In 5 Minutes: Trump Victory Spooks Stocks 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session Earnings Scheduled For November 9, 2016 View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on COTY Trending Recent 1 ANGI, QUOT: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios As The Post-Election Rally Fades 2 BABA: Bob Peck Reviews A Record Singles' Day For Alibaba 3 DIS: The Disney Story Just Became All About 2018 4 BAC, RGR: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading... 5 FOX, VIVHY: 6 Amazing Leonard Cohen Covers You Need To Hear 6 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell... 7 CPLA, CSX: Barron's Picks And Pans: Tr... 1 NVDA: Nvidia's Big Win: Post-Earnings Sell-Side Sentiment 2 FB, PG: The Trump Market Is Killing A Couple Of Popular Trading Strategies 3 TAP, MO: Reads For The Weed-Kend: Beyond Marijuana Stocks, New Opportuni... 4 PFE, CPLA: Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Thermo Fis... 5 HD, TGT: High Earnings Expectations For Home Depot, Not... 6 TREE, TWTR: 'Trump And Dump' Scenarios... 7 CMCSA, FOXA: The Simpsons And 7 Great T... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Wells Fargo To Trade Sideways Tesla's New Product Announcement Bumped To Wednesday
automotiveIT International Automotive IT News and Facts Home News Development Strategy Management Distribution & Retail Production & Logistics The Magazine Media Kit Social Wall About Us Contact us Subscribe Sie sind hier: Home»car IT»Ford appoints Rao smart mobility chief Ford appoints Rao smart mobility chief October 17, 2016 Raj Rao’s mobility division plays a key role in Ford’s plans to expand its business areas (Photo: Ford Motor) Ford Motor has appointed Raj Rao to head its global new mobility initiatives. The US automaker’s new division, which is called Ford Smart Mobility LLC, designs, builds, grows, and invests in new mobility services. It is a key part of Ford’s plans to broaden its operations to include software and new mobility offerings. Rao is tasked with growing Ford’s various new business areas, which include a recently announced City Solutions business, a new lab and an incubator unit. Rao most recently served as vice president of digital business model innovation at 3M. He led the diversified technology group’s Silicon Valley digital hub and Internet-of-Things projects. A native of Bangalore, India, Rao began his career as a financial analyst at Procter & Gamble. He subsequently worked in and led business operations in Asia, Europe, Middle East and North America. Rao has a bachelor’s degree in economics from the Shri Ram College of Commerce at Delhi University and a master’s degree in management from Boston University. Rate this article   Read automotiveIT international magazine Related Articles Ford, GM invest in new mobility With Spotify, Ford boosts infotainment offering Volvo Cars appoints Hakan Samuelsson as new CEO Using Google’s predictive software, Ford cars may get a lot smarter US PlayStation now features a virtual Ford showroom PDF VERSION · Print this page Tags: Ford, rao, smart mobility Share this article: LinkedIn Twitter Facebook E-Mail Our Websites Media-Manufaktur Corporate automotiveIT - Germany automotiveIT Kongress automotiveIT Forum Industrie 4.0 automotiveIT International business impact - Germany carIT - Germany carIT Kongress Poll Where will automakers get the greatest benefit from big data? Connected car and autonomous driving New, data-driven business models such as pay-as-you-go As the foundation for the smart factory and digital engineering View results Top-Interviews This free eBOOK is presented by NTT Data Events 15 Nov: Los Angeles – Connected Car Expo Recent Articles Automotive Summit: Industry tackling change on many fronts “Automakers have to make adjustments or they will fail” Renault, Chronocam cooperate to make cars see better McKinsey: IoT revenue to double in Germany On the road with DriveNow Toyota plans mobility-services platform In trial, GM’s Maven to lease cars to Uber drivers Laura Merling to develop autonomous-vehicle business models at Ford Ford to use more BlackBerry QNX software SAIC to market Savari V2X technology in China Latest Issue (German only) Order now © 2016 automotiveIT About Us Data Privacy Policy Imprint/Contact Media Kit AGB MENU Home News Development Strategy Management Distribution & Retail Production & Logistics The Magazine Media Kit Social Wall About Us Contact us Subscribe We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Snapdeal hires ex-Groupon exec to lead engineering team for logistics Snapdeal hires ex-Groupon exec to lead engineering team for logistics October 17, 2016  | Disha Sharma Tweet | 0 Comments E-commerce marketplace Snapdeal has appointed former Groupon executive Pradeep Desai as its senior vice president (engineering), the Delhi-based firm said in a statement. Prior to his appointment at Snapdeal, which is run by Jasper Infotech Pvt. Ltd, Desai spent nearly three years at Groupon as a vice president where he led product and engineering functions, encompassing aspects like logistics management, seller and interface experiences. Before Groupon, Pradeep spent 11 years at e-tailer Amazon.com, where he worked in various capacities across key departments such as logistics, advertising and marketing. He is an alumnus of The University of Texas at Austin and IIT Madras. “Pradeep will lead a team whose mandate is to implement a range of additional supply chain innovations to Snadeal’s delivery experience. All our initiatives bring us closer to our mission of building India’s most reliable and frictionless commerce ecosystem.” said Rajiv Mangla, chief technology officer at Snapdeal, on the appointment. In May, Snapdeal’s chief product officer (CPO) Anand Chandrasekaran had quit the company. He has now joined social network website Facebook to help develop strategies for its Messenger app. In April this year, Snapdeal hired former Zoomcar executive Mayank Jain as head of growth. Zoomcar is a self-drive car rental startup. Last year, Snapdeal appointed Jeyandran Venugopal from Yahoo! as its technology adviser. Other high level appointments include Procter & Gamble executive Amit Choudhary who became senior vice president of corporate finance and former Unilever executive Vivek Patankar who was hired as senior vice president of finance. Snapdeal recently rebranded itself by launching a new logo and tagline ‘Unbox Zindagi’. It also launched next-day free delivery and a private cloud service called Snapdeal Cirrus. Last month, Snapdeal established a wholesale unit, called E-Agility Pvt. Ltd., to buy products that will be sold to consumers directly, following in the footsteps of rivals Flipkart and Amazon. The unit will fund vendors and bring on board fashion brands that sell directly to e-commerce firms as fashion constitutes 20-30% of Snapdeal’s business. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Amazon, Anand Chandrasekaran, Flipkart, Groupon, Pradeep Desai, Rajiv Mangla, Snapdeal Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Jabong sees top-level exits three months after Flipkart buy Snapdeal reorganises top management structure Alibaba smashes Singles’ Day shopping record More in videos » Can Indian businesses carve a digital roadmap for themselves?   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS Dr. P S Soni on 2016-11-08 21:17:58 Congratulations Punit... Rahul on 2016-11-08 09:33:05 OYO has always been a company which believes in use and throw of resources (peop... Chetan Patel on 2016-11-07 23:09:57 When it will be available in India... Tareq on 2016-11-07 22:54:32 Is DTEK60 waterproof? when it will available in Bangladesh and how much it will... N Mansukhani on 2016-11-07 21:34:42 Really? Who is kidding who and who is behind these stories. Would Sanjay B... Why Ola’s capital dumping barb is silly, hypocritical and has no merit Exclusive: Anupam Mittal-backed fashion rental platform Blinge goes defunct; looks at a pivot eBay fires product, tech team in India Punit Soni floats machine learning startup ‘Learning Motors’ OYO Rooms appoints Amazon exec as CTO Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2016 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
News London Crime London Mayor Politics Transport Food for London Business Comment Football Arsenal Chelsea Crystal Palace Tottenham Watford West Ham Other sport Going Out Restaurants Pubs & Bars Arts Theatre Film Music Great Days Out Events & Attractions Lifestyle Fashion ES Best Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Showbiz Staying In Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor Homes & Property Property News Area Guides Home & Garden Luxury ES Magazine Sign in Register Benefits User policies News Food for London London Crime Politics Transport Education Health Technology Mayor of London Comment Londoner's Diary Football Arsenal Chelsea Tottenham Hotspur Crystal Palace Watford West Ham Transfer News Premier League Championship Sport Rugby Union Tennis Cricket Showbiz Strictly Come Dancing The X Factor One Direction Taylor Swift Kim Kardashian Top Gear Going Out Theatre Awards Restaurants Bars, Pubs & Clubs Arts Theatre Film Music Comedy Events & Attractions Great Days Out Tickets Staying In TV and film Tech and Gaming Music Streaming Books Puzzles & Games Crosswords Competitions Lifestyle Fashion Food & Drink Beauty Health & Fitness Travel Design ES Magazine Dating Motors Shopping ES Best ES Shop Travel Offers Business & Money Money Transfers Business Directory Health insurance Homes & Property Property news Area guides Home & garden Luxury Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Business James Ashton: 'Safe hands' Carney should stay in London James Ashton Monday 17 October 2016 11:14 BST Mark Carney should stay in London, where the action is PA It would reflect poorly on Mark Carney if the spat that has developed between Downing Street and the Bank of England convinces him not to extend his tenure in Threadneedle Street. “Brits don’t quit” hasn’t got quite the ring to it that it used to have but surely Canadians have more staying power? The Bank Governor is rightly miffed that Theresa May would challenge his stewardship, specifically the side-effects of ultra-low interest rates and quantitative easing on savers. As politicians squabbled in the days after the Brexit vote, Carney was the only authority figure taking decisive action to shore up the economy. As soon as May has found her stride, this is the thanks he gets. But authority figures should expect to be challenged from time to time. The trouble is that Carney, the UK’s most powerful unelected figure, hasn’t faced much opposition to his leadership since he arrived in summer 2013, dictating terms immediately. Not for him the eight-year posting that was advertised. Instead, demonstrating extraordinary bargaining power, he said he would serve five. Now that Carney is mulling whether to put in the eight-year term after all, he will have noted the weather has changed. Although the tension is nothing like that which existed when Alistair Darling and Mervyn King were handling the financial crisis together, gone are the cordial relations Carney enjoyed with George Osborne as both benefited from an early economic revival. It was thought the only woman who would influence his decision to stay in London would be his wife, Diana. When Carney was appointed, she told her Twitter followers that “we’ll be back in 5”. The Prime Minister — who is free to alter the Bank’s mandate — should weigh in too and urge him to remain. Not only is Carney viewed as a safe pair of hands but, as chairman of the Financial Stability Board, he also brings a valuable international dimension just as the UK is refashioning its role on the world stage. More importantly, he must be up for it. At the annual Mansion House bankers’ dinner a couple of years ago, he joked about one of his predecessors, Montagu Norman, who fled to Quebec just as the sterling crisis forced the UK off the gold standard. Given the uncertainty of Brexit, I can see why academics might consider deserting for bigger research grants in the US, or car manufacturers might weigh up the Eastern European option.  But for a central banker, given what the UK must go through over the next few years, London is surely where the action is. Where real threat from Unilever lies Last week’s Marmite wars brought to mind a conversation with Google co-founder Larry Page several years ago.  Rather than boasting about his hand in creating a multi-billion-dollar game-changer, he compared his business to making toothbrushes. Page’s entrepreneurial advice was: keep it simple, sell something that people will use every day, take a small cut and go global. Until now, I couldn’t see much of a connection between technology and grocery, other than filling out the weekly Ocado order. But the row with Tesco, caused by Unilever’s suggested blanket 10% price increase to compensate for the weak pound hitting the cost of its raw materials, is just one part of a bigger skirmish. Short of top-line growth since emerging markets cooled, grocery groups are convinced that cutting out the middle-man retailer would be great for business. For Unilever, Procter & Gamble and the rest, utilising e-commerce might just be the biggest innovation since consumers stopped taking two bottles into the shower. Going direct-to-consumer has disintermediated everything from record labels to travel agents in the past decade and its impact is already noticeable in the supermarket aisles. Nestlé made a splash by selling its Nespresso capsules direct, and few would have thought Graze, a snacks-by-post outfit, would have progressed sufficiently for US private-equity group Carlyle to gobble it up. Unilever chief Paul Polman made a big noise in summer about his purchase of the disruptive Dollar Shave Club, which won 5% of the US razor blade market in only three years with a monthly delivery service. He told analysts the e-commerce model could be applied to 30% of his company’s product range, especially its skincare lotions and potions. Polman is gambling on what used to be known as mail order going mainstream. During its third-quarter earnings call last week, Unilever disclosed that in China e-commerce was 3% of sales two years ago but today accounts for more than 10%.  Instead of funding promotions in supermarkets where footfall is falling, why shouldn’t Polman do it himself, and at the same time keep hold of the valuable consumer data that is logged on the retailer’s loyalty card? If he is successful, Tesco will have more to worry about than simply passing on price rises. More about: Business Bank Of England suppliers Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: All Topics All Authors Archive Terms of use Contact Us Privacy policy Cookie policy Code of Conduct & Complaints Advertisers Promotion rules Contributors Syndication Business Connections Homes & Property Jobs London Live The Independent This is London Magazine indy100 Install our apps Close We have noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Free access to Standard.co.uk’s comprehensive package of news, sport and entertainment relies on advertising revenue. This allows us to invest in the best writers, pictures and videos. To continue viewing the site please disable your ad blocker for Standard.co.uk. Need help to do this? Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for standard.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on standard.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add standard.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting standard.co.uk Continue to our site

| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, Oct 17 2016. 04 19 AM IST The building of Everstone Capital Everstone Capital has used private equity as a conduit to achieve its ambitions of owning and building businesses in food and beverage, and real estate sectors Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Shrija AgrawalSwaraj Singh Dhanjal Sameer Sain, co-founder and managing partner of Everstone Capital. Everstone has interests in food businesses, real estate parks, industrial warehouses and so on. Photo: Abhijit Bhatlekar/Mint Mumbai: About seven years ago, when Sameer Sain was raising funds for Everstone Capital Management’s second private equity (PE) fund (Everstone Capital Partners II), the former managing director at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. got turned down by an investment manager of a university endowment fund who came very close to making an investment but eventually balked. The endowment fund chose a lesser- known rival over Everstone, the investment management firm Sain founded with his former Goldman Sachs colleague Atul Kapur in 2006. The decision baffled Sain and Kapur. A few days later, in a casual meeting in Hong Kong with the investor, Sain found out the reason. It wasn’t what they expected. “I get the feeling that you and Atul are too Goldman Sachs, very confident, in your expensive suits and watches, you seem to have an articulate answer for everything. Basically you come across as too slick while the other guys seem more real and humble,” was what the manager told them. Since then, Sain has more than proved his fundraising prowess. Everstone has assets under management in excess of $3.3 billion across PE and real estate. This, in a short span of 10 years, is no mean achievement. The rise of the firm has certainly caught the eye of peers and the perception is that Everstone is a fundraising machine. Sain disagrees. “The perception that we are a great fundraiser is wrong,” he says. “The marquee global LPs (limited partners), many of whom are our investors, are much smarter than you think. They are committing to a manager in a blind pool for a very long time with no liquidity. A lot of work and thought goes into the decision on which manager to back.” Everstone has assets under management of about $3.3 billion across private equity and real estate “I would be a great fundraiser if I had a seven- or eight- person team, sat in a small office with minimal infrastructure and skin in the game, and then raised $3 billion. Currently I would say I’m a poor fundraiser: I put more money in my funds than almost all my peers, I have the largest team of talented people with whom I share economics, five offices with massive infrastructure and overheads, and a very stable, solid firm,” adds Sain. “All the players in our industry charge the same fees but each one is very different. It’s analogous to all the cars in the showroom being the same price. At Everstone we have built a Ferrari but we charge the same as someone offering a Fiat. And yes, I accept that a Ferrari is slick,” quips Sain, taking a jibe at that investment manager while recounting the incident. “Atul and I are not going to apologize,” he says, adding, “We have years of strong experience at a global firm like Goldman Sachs and almost 100% of our own hard-earned money is invested alongside our investors.” There is merit in what Sain says. The duo, who quit their jobs at Goldman Sachs in 2006 to start Everstone, have invested several million dollars of their own in their funds. In addition, they have invested a huge amount on their platform and on talent. "I would say I’m a poor fundraiser: I put more money in my funds than almost all my peers, I have the largest team of talented people with whom I share economics, five offices with massive infrastructure and overheads, and a very stable, solid firm"- Sameer Sain, co-founder, Everstone Capital Such commitment is seen as a stamp of faith in the asset management industry and goes down very well with limited partners (LPs), or the investors in a fund. “Skin in the game”, as it is referred to in industry parlance, is fast becoming a norm and being embraced by quite a few fund managers. But the quantum of their personal commitment definitely stands out. “Atul and I both worked at Goldman Sachs for 11-12 years each. We met back in 1994 and have been close friends since. We always had the ambition to become entrepreneurs and start our own firm and were lucky that we worked at a meritocratic firm where we did very well and were compensated accordingly. In addition, like many of our peers, we benefited from shares and options when Goldman went public and thus had sufficient capital at an early stage in life to go and take some risks,” says Sain. In 2006, the two partners set up two businesses—one was an asset management business, dealing in PE and real estate; the second was a financial services business. “We did both in partnership with the Future Group. I had an old family relationship with Kishore Biyani and that is how we started this business,” recalls Sain. The relationship, however, did not last long. He adds: “A couple of years into this partnership we took Future Capital public, but we had a different view of how we should proceed in life. So, in a very amicable way, we parted ways. We bought out their share in the asset management business. Over time we started to sell our shares in Future Capital in the market. Eventually that business got sold to Warburg Pincus. In 2006, Sain and Kapur set up two businesses—asset management, dealing in PE and real estate, and financial services “We brought the brand of our overseas business (Everstone) to India and rebranded our operations here and eventually became one regional brand—the Everstone Group,” says Sain. A broken relationship is now a thing of the past. It was, in fact, the genesis of the entrepreneurial powerhouse in the making and one which already has global aspirations. “Everstone is only 10 years old. We started in a small office in London where Atul and I were based. Very quickly we opened five offices (Mumbai, Singapore, Bengaluru, Delhi and Mauritius). Ironically, we shut London eight years ago and physically moved to Asia. Next month, after so many years, we are about to open an office in London to support some cross-border investments and business development,” says Sain. Everstone has four lines of business today: PE, real estate, credit and consumer venture. Click here for enlarge “We are over 200 people across five offices. Headquartered in Singapore, regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (the country’s central bank). Atul and I are both residents of Singapore. The largest office is Mumbai where we have about 80-100 people. And we have a very stable firm, which we have built very carefully over the last 10 years,” says Sain. While Sain and Kapur are the co-founders of the business, it already has a second and third layer in place. “Everstone has built a highly institutionalized platform which operates like the corporate nerve centre of a business group,” says Dhanpal Jhaveri, a managing partner who leads the firm’s PE business. Rajesh Jaggi is managing partner of the real estate business. At the other end of the spectrum, P.M. Devaiah, a partner and general counsel, leads a team of lawyers to ensure that the firm is well protected and functions smoothly. Everstone has four lines of business today: private equity, real estate, credit and consumer venture “We have a lot of trust and faith in each other. As an example, Rajesh Jaggi is not only my partner but also the best real estate investor and developer in India. I trust him 100%, so why should I second-guess him. This trust and culture brings out the best in our people and allows them to excel,” says Sain. PE is essentially a business by the LPs, of the LPs and for the LPs. And what do LPs really want: GPs (general partners) who can repeat and institutionalize success, who can build consistency, legacy and an institutional framework for repeatability, who can incentivize the team well for a long-term alignment, who have the “desire to be successful” as opposed to just being “transaction oriented” and those who have good infrastructure for effective LP communication. “Everstone is building its private equity business in an institutional manner. We have not seen many private equity firms do this. They think along the lines of building long-term businesses, which we like,” says Nupur Garg, regional lead (South Asia) at International Finance Corporation (IFC), part of the World Bank group. IFC is one of the biggest global investors in India, backing roughly two-thirds of the active growth funds investing in unlisted small and mid-cap companies. Click here for enlarge Also, diversity is a key ingredient in the Everstone talent mix—multiple nationalities across its various offices with 30% of its senior team comprising women (seven out of 24 managing or executive directors). The women too have a multinational and global background like Roopa Purushothaman, a former Goldman Sachs senior economist, and Bhavna Thakur, a former director at Citibank and a qualified international lawyer. “Everstone’s ethos of being a business builder adds intrinsic value to our portfolio companies by providing leverage to the portfolio in every aspect of business: whether it be research, branding, marketing, operations, capital markets or mergers and acquisitions,” says Thakur, Everstone managing director for capital markets. “This enables strategic alliances and market intelligence.” "Everstone is building its private equity business in an institutional manner. We have not seen many private equity firms do this. They think along the lines of building long-term businesses, which we like"- Nupur Gard, regional head (South Asia) at IFC Within PE, the firm uses the brand Everstone Capital which is currently investing out of its third fund. The first fund was in partnership with Future Group and called Indivision. The second was Everstone Capital Partners II. The third is Everstone Capital Partners III. The firm currently manages about $2 billion and about $2.3-2.4 billion in actual investments made, including the co-investments. Like any PE firm’s portfolio, Everstone also has its share of the good, the bad and the ugly. “We have our share of challenges from the first fund while fund II is in great shape. We have some fantastic businesses in there, some real winners, including businesses such as IndoStar Capital, Hinduja Leyland Finance, S. Chand and Ozone Overseas. Fund II is going to end up being a strong performer and fund III has gotten off to a good start,” says Sain. He is candid about the first fund’s portfolio and admits that it was a learning curve for them. The firm currently manages about $2 billion and about $2.3-2.4 billion in actual investments made, including the co-investments “Future Group’s e-commerce—the first e-commerce business we backed with Sherpalo and Kleiner Perkins. Probably too early, it’s almost never that a bricks-and-mortar operator enters e-tailing and beats an independent e-commerce player. We thought it would be different in India but we were wrong. Billimoria & Co. was a massive disappointment too. There was a time we could have sold that business for three-four times our investment but in my view we took a bet on the wrong people, besides the cycle was bad for all EPC (engineering, procurement and construction) companies. So we sold that business, we lost half of our money. Moved on,” says Sain. Bad bets are part of the game but seeing Sain being candid about them is unusual in the world of PE. “Both Atul and I have a mindset of control and execution. We shifted that in our first fund because the idea was to go buy into consumer businesses as minority and work with our ex-partner (Future Group) to provide them a distribution platform,” he says. “So we went back to our roots to do what we knew best. Buy businesses, roll up your sleeves and get things done. Execute and build businesses—as we have done with Burger King, ReGen Powertech or with IndoStar—but never ever ignore that there are great people and franchises out there who you can trust and back,” adds Sain. And these are not mere words. Sain is on top of every minuscule activity happening at these firms. He takes out a mobile-like device from the pocket of his blue jacket and takes us through a dashboard on screen where you can see every live cash transaction from every terminal in every Burger King outlet in India. “We control the brand of Burger King for almost 20% of the world population,” asserts Sain, his face lighting up with the sheer joy of ownership. "We went back to our roots to do what we knew best. Buy businesses, roll up your sleeves and get things done. Execute and build businesses, but never ever ignore that there are great people and franchises out there who you can trust and back"- Sameer Sain “There are businesses that we like to control but these businesses need to have science behind them. We bought Modern Bread from Unilever. It came with 60,000 distribution points. Its been a phenomenal one-and-a-half years of headache. We had to carve out the factories, people, the labour union. How many people in India can do that?” he says. “No CEO/CFO, a strong labour union, manufacturing plants in seven different locations and a non-cohesive business culture. We played a video in eight different languages at eight different manufacturing plants about the Everstone Group— to appeal to the factory workers about how their future will be bright with us. (To tell them) what our ambitions were and how we will take the brand back to its glory days,” points out Sain. Now that the hard work is done, it is beginning to bear fruit. “We will do cakes, rusk, cookies and other baked goods. We are going to grow that and make Modern into a Rs2,000-3,000 crore business,” he says. But then there are always some businesses which have more art than science to them. Which is where minority investing comes in, says Sain. "We control the brand of Burger King for almost 20% of the world population"- Sameer Sain, Everstone Group He says: “That’s my view on minority/control. It’s art vs science. If you look at fashion or winemaking, these businesses have a lot of art embedded in them. We own 34% of Ritu Kumar, where design and product selection plays such a vital role. Take Sula, for example. Winemaking is an art and Rajeev Samant is the best at it. That is why we made extraordinary returns by backing Rajeev and eventually exited that business. In such cases, our role changes to a minority investor who provides capital and business discipline. “Within food itself—we own and control Burger King in India—quick service and fast food is largely science with a big focus on quality, supply chain and customer engagement. All mostly science and execution, which is why we can own this business but still have an amazing CEO in Raj Varman. On the other hand, we only own 50% of Massive Restaurants and don’t have any day-to-day management involvement. The promoter and creator of this business, Zorawar Kalra, is a passionate genius. At the fine dining level, its art, not science,” adds Sain. Everstone Capital has invested Rs1,200 crore in F&B Asia, which has under its fold assets such as Pind Balluchi, Harry’s, the Disgruntled Chef, Pan India Food Solutions (also known as Blue Foods), Massive Restaurants, besides the franchise of Domino’s in Indonesia and Burger King in India and Indonesia, among others. “Blue Foods proved to us very early on—don’t try to run art. Outsource it to the artist and give them the structure and financial discipline to make money,” says Sain. Blue Foods operates brands like Spaghetti Kitchen, Copper Chimney, Gelato Italiano, the Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf, Bombay Blue, Noodle Bar and food courts Food Talk and Spoon. Everstone Capital has invested Rs1,200 crore in F&B Asia, which has under its fold Pind Balluchi, Harry’s, the Disgruntled Chef, Blue Foods and Massive Restaurants “Spaghetti Kitchen was a marque brand, but now with so many new entrants it has become an irrelevant brand. But having said that Gelato is an amazing brand, Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf is the only profitable premium coffee chain in India. Copper Chimney is still an institution. We had to reinvent Noodle Bar. Bombay Blue has a niche following,” notes Sain. “Blue Foods is not a problem, but it’s a disappointment that we will not make as much money as we would have liked. We have a phrase we use called ROTI (return on time invested). In the case of Blue Foods, the ROI (return on investment) may be good but the ROTI won’t be great,” he points out. Besides PE, Everstone has a very large real estate business primarily comprising a shopping mall business called Kshitij/Horizon and the industrials business called IndoSpace. The shopping mall business was started by Future Group originally but post the separation, this business came to Everstone. “We have funded 14 malls across India, of which 10 have been developed entirely by Everstone. We knew nothing about mall development and learnt it the hard way after we inherited the business. Despite so many mistakes early on, we came up the learning curve very quickly. At the end of the day, we’ve actually completed all of these malls and we have sold all of them. To have built and sold so many malls, I like to think we understand retail and real estate both relatively well,” says Sain. “For the IndoSpace business, we partnered with a very good bunch of folks in the US called the Realterm group,” he adds. Realterm is an industrial real estate firm that manages approximately $2.5 billion in assets across 300 operating and development properties in North America, Europe and India. “Co-founders Ken and John (Kenneth S. Code and John W. Cammett) are both very similar to Atul and I in both mindset and personality. They are a large logistics and warehousing developer and manager in the US. We have a great relationship with them,” explains Sain. The IndoSpace platform has so far raised $584 million across two funds to invest in building logistics parks. These include the IndoSpace Logistics Park I, raised in 2009 with a corpus of $240 million, and IndoSpace Logistics Park II, raised in 2014 with a corpus of $344 million. Using some leverage, the total investment has been almost $1 billion. IndoSpace’s portfolio includes 17 industrial and logistics park projects under operation and development across Mumbai, Pune, the National Capital Region, Bengaluru and Chennai. Its tenants include companies such as Amazon, L’Oreal, Procter and Gamble, Nissan, PepsiCo, DHL, Leoni, Steelcase, Kubota, Ericsson, Bosch, Delphi, Caterpillar, Adidas and Asian Paints. IndoSpace plans to invest an additional $1 billion in the country over the next five years. The additional investment will increase its development pipeline from around 20 million sq. ft currently to 50 million sq. ft. Sain explains: “Something that is very unique about Everstone is that we buy land, we get permissions, we design, construct, facility manage, lease, asset manage, finance—all in-house. We probably have as much if not more capability than most real estate developers in India. “So, at worst, we are a fully integrated real estate developer. At best, we are a little bit more than that because we are also a fund manager. “But any which way you look at it, the Everstone Group will be among the top five real estate developer groups in the country and one of the few truly national developers given the number of cities in which we operate,” he adds. Sain cites growth in consumption and e-commerce, and the unlocking of great manufacturing potential through government programmes such as Make in India, and removing the flux around the goods and services tax (GST) as reasons for its aggressive investment plans in the logistics space. "Something that is very unique about Everstone is that we buy land, we get permissions, we design, construct, facility manage, lease, asset manage, finance—all in-house"- Sameer Sain on Everstone’s real estate strategy He says: “When people hear of other real estate developers, they talk in awe, but not many people talk about us. We keep a low profile and industrial real estate is hardly a talking point. No one goes to Chakan and says, Wow! Look at this 3 million sq. ft industrial development, whereas you can see a 100,000 sq. ft building in Lower Parel and get all excited about it and that builder gets a lot more prominence. “But we are not here for prominence, we are here to make money for our investors. We are present in 17 cities—from Lucknow and Kochi where we have built malls to Chennai (Oragadum and Sriperumbudur) and Pune (Chakan) where we have developed large logistics facilities. “We are a national developer. We do everything in-house and we have no capital constraints. When you pay fees to a typical real estate fund manager, what they do is go and back other real estate developers with investor capital. So the developer has to make money, the fund manager has to make money and then the investor eventually gets the remainder. With us, the end investor benefits dramatically as we are an integrated developer and fund manager,” he says. In the credit business, the group has taken a slightly different approach. Rather than create a credit fund, given their experience with credit at Goldman Sachs, and the fact that they created Future Capital from scratch, they decided to do it in a non-banking financial company (NBFC) format. Sain recalls: “Four-and-a-half years ago, we capitalized a company from zero to about $200 million. We, along with some of our investors put in approximately $120 million and we brought in some partners like Goldman Sachs and Ashmore. We put in a great management team, and added all our experience, risk systems and credit processes. "The Everstone Group will be among the top five real estate developer groups in the country and one of the few truly national developers given the number of cities in which we operate"- Sameer Sain on Everstone’s real estate business “We started IndoStar with complex corporate lending and today that business segment accounts for over 60% of our Rs6,000 crore book. The rest comes from real estate and SME (small and medium enterprise) lending. The NBFC is looking to increase the SME book to Rs1,500 crore this year from around Rs400 crore last year. Since its launch in 2010, the NBFC’s loan book has grown at an average annual pace of 50%. “For the financial year 2015-16, the NBFC’s revenue increased 22% to Rs644 crore from Rs528 crore in the previous year. In 2015-16, it reported a net profit growth of 29% at Rs192 crore. Its net non-performing asset ratio was at 0.2%. “We started the SME business recently and it has gotten off to a good start. We also recently got our housing finance approvals and are about to embark on secured retail lending. Our real asset always remains our talent. That has always been the key to our success,” explains Sain. Everstone’s fourth business and one which is less known is its early-stage venture capital business. “It is a specialist business; it has a lot of art in it. In early-stage venture capital, because there is so much art and because the deal sizes are very small, we have adopted a slightly different approach,” says Sain. He explains: “We have formed an equal joint venture with Deepak Shahdadpuri, who we believe is the number one consumer venture capital investor, not just in India but also in South-East Asia. His track record is spectacular and we trust him 100%. Deepak runs DSG Consumer Partners with total independence but he has the entire Everstone ecosystem and platform at his disposal. “It is very unusual to have such a small fund (first fund was $22 million of which $4 million was Deepak’s and our capital) and be able to even afford decent office space and a team. But Deepak has five offices, a lot of talent, full infrastructure, total support so he can do what he does best—make great investments and nurture his young companies. For the investors in such a small fund this is an amazing proposition. Huge skin in the game with such a significant investment from the managers, a large stable platform, yet the art and nimbleness of an early-stage venture fund. Once again, a Ferrari for the price of a Fiat!” he adds. "We have formed an equal joint venture with Deepak Shahdadpuri, who we believe is the number one consumer venture capital investor, not just in India but also in South-East Asia. His track record is spectacular and we trust him 100%"- Sameer Sain on Everstone Group’s early-stage venture capital business According to Sain, their early-stage thesis has worked out really well. They are among the earliest investors in companies like Oyo, Mswipe, Veeba and Indialends. Over 70% of invested capital has been realized after just one whole and one partial exit. The fund is on track to deliver strong returns. “That fund is on track to deliver a five-seven times multiple of capital in a relatively short period of time,” he says. The early-stage fund is now about to sell stake in three companies at huge markups. “We are about to sell a small stake in three companies—at 17-18x.” It is also out to raise its second fund which is about to close soon. “We are oversubscribed because we don’t want to raise too much money. Out of the $35-40 million, about $5 million is partner commitment between us and Deepak,” says Sain. After giving us a clear road map on where each of these businesses is headed, Sain talks about what worries him the most: Perception. Perception about Everstone being great at fundraising and not so good at exits and investment. “This is simply not true. We are the only RE (real estate) fund from 2006 that has liquidated all its investments and returned capital to LPs,” insists Sain. "Don’t think of us as a traditional PE player. We are probably among India’s top restaurateurs, we are one of the largest real estate developers, etc."- Sameer Sain He admits that they are behind schedule on exiting from their first PE fund, but assures that they will be accelerating their pace. “We have sold around 35% of our positions, we should be at about 70%,”he says. Sain then starts giving us an overview of exit plans and the time frame for that. “There is a time to sell businesses. For example, we wanted to ensure that in a company like Centrum (Capital), we had strong leadership and management. With Jaspal Bindra showing up and putting his own capital into the business, we are confident that Centrum will go to a new level,” he says. Selling for the sake of selling is not on. Sain points out: “We have time. Over time we will sell our stake and we want to leave the businesses stable and in good hands. “VLCC has filed for an IPO (initial public offering) and that business has performed well for us despite the fact that most of its peers have blown up. It’s the clear market leader with a strong new CEO in place. McKinsey recently conducted a full strategic review and the company is in the midst of implementing the suggestions. “We have a few businesses that are behind but we will find a way and exit them,” says Sain. For him, Everstone Capital Management has gone beyond PE. It’s almost akin to an e-commerce company where technology is the underlying enabler. PE just serves as a conduit for it to achieve its ambitions of owning and building food businesses, real estate parks, industrial warehouses and so on. “Don’t think of us as a traditional private equity player. We are probably among India’s top restaurateurs, we are one of the largest real estate developers, we are among the top 10 financial services houses, we are the top educational publisher, etc. We look at our platforms and businesses through a competitive and strong operational lens,” says Sain. What also helps them achieve such goals is that their capital is flexible. For Sain, Everstone Capital Management has gone beyond PE. It’s almost akin to an e-commerce firm where technology is the underlying enabler Sain says: “We are not a sole India-focused fund where every company we buy must be in India. We have a lot of flexibility in our strategy and look for businesses which can benefit from a nexus with India and South-East Asia. Buying a business in the US and bringing the back-end to India is as exciting for us as buying a business in India and then exporting its goods or services to the US. “In our first fund we bought Faces, a Canadian colour cosmetics brand. Many years later, the brand is called Faces Canada, but India is its largest market. We also own a majority of Burger King and Domino’s in Indonesia and Harry’s in Singapore but a lot of the procurement decisions or which beverage partner we think is best are all centralized and synergized,” he adds. With over $3.3 billion in equity investments and a lot more using debt, Sain’s firm is also a significant foreign direct investment contributor to the country. “The business environment has improved a lot for us and we feel it at the ground level, especially in terms of business ease and local governments wanting to do the right things. In terms of our interactions with state and central governments, there is a keenness to bring in long-term stable foreign capital. And, of course, as the largest player in warehousing and logistics facilities, GST is going to be a big positive for us,” he says. "I expect us to be even more aggressive in terms investing over the next five years, much more aggressive than what we have been in the previous five years"- Sameer Sain on Everstone Group’s strategy going ahead “Talking purely economically, this government is doing a great job. That gives us the confidence to continue to deploy larger and larger pools of capital. I expect us to be even more aggressive in terms investing over the next five years, much more aggressive than what we have been in the previous five years,” says Sain. What next? “More of the same,” he adds. Shrija AgrawalSwaraj Singh Dhanjal Topics: Everstone CapitalSameer SainAtul Kapurprivate equityfundraising More from this Section Hard Rock Café firm to launch fast food chain Panda Express in India by March India sees highest asset sales since liberalization Paytm claims record number of transactions after govt’s demonetization move Tractors rev up as auto segment wobbles at Mahindra and Mahindra Tata Steel: New Kalinganagar plant depresses India profits Editor's Picks Dear prime minister, the buck stops with you Donald Trump’s brave new world in four charts Centre raises limits for cash withdrawals, currency exchange The growing breed of pet parents Cyrus Mistry sought to formalize Tata trusts’ say in group firms First Published: Mon, Oct 17 2016. 04 19 AM IST Latest News Hard Rock Café firm to launch fast food chain Panda Express in India by March Donald Trump says same-sex marriage is settled law, abortion isn’t India sees highest asset sales since liberalization Editor's Picks Dear prime minister, the buck stops with you Donald Trump’s brave new world in four charts Centre raises limits for cash withdrawals, currency exchange Latest News Hard Rock Café firm to launch fast food chain Panda Express in India by March Donald Trump says same-sex marriage is settled law, abortion isn’t India sees highest asset sales since liberalization Asian shares mostly lower, Nikkei gets boost from weak yen India, China still have the best growth stories in Asia Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Click to Skip Ad Closing in... WWD logo x WWD logo search Close WWD logo Fashion First Stand-alone GapFit Boutique Opens in Dubai Tom Ford Dresses Jake Gyllenhaal, Amy Adams and 'Nocturnal Animals' Cast for Los Angeles Screening Jonathan Anderson Says It With Flowers for Loewe Royal Family Attends Remembrance Day Services Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Singles Day Sets Records Even as Growth Rate Slows Nasty Gal Bankruptcy Heats Up as Lender Lashes Out Weak French Tourism Drags on Desigual Q3 Revenues Anti-Trump Protests Impact Weekend's Retail Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Estée Lauder Sets Opening of First Stand-alone Store for The Estée Edit Dior Opens First Makeup Boutique in New York Olay Skin Advisor Aims to Simplify Skin-Care Regimens for Mass Shoppers Clairol App Designed to Remove Barriers of At-Home Hair Coloring Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s The Hill-Side Collaborates With Toms Rhone to Open Pop-up, Dress Trainers at Chelsea Piers Savile Row Tailors Welcome New Planning Restrictions Gant Relocates Regent Street Space, Launches New Store Concept Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Ann Taylor Spring 2017 Elie Saab Bridal Fall 2017 ATM Anthony Thomas Melillo Pre-Fall 2017 Paco Rabanne Resort 2017 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Mikimoto Revamps Flagship, Launches Gem Book Tiffany & Co. Taps Design Firm to Add Art Deco Flair to Stores Australian Accessories Label Mon Purse Launches at Selfridges Black Accessory Designer Alliance Hosts Panel Discussion Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Melania Trump's Modeling Days in Paris: Lessons in Determination Emma Stone, Kate Beckinsale Attend Miss Golden Globe 2017 Party Hosted by HFPA, InStyle Christina Aguilera, Jessica Alba Attend Baby2Baby Gala 2016 Honoring Jennifer Garner Rachelle Hruska MacPherson of Lingua Franca Talks Net-a-porter Launch and Finding Her Voice Parties People Lifestyle … Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD Terms & Conditions Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in Welcome Account Log out search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2016 Fall Couture 2016 Men’s Fall Collections Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Summits Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Eye Aileen Mehle, ‘Suzy’ Gossip Columnist, Dies at 98 As Suzy, Mehle chronicled the comings and goings atop the Nouvelle Society for WWD and W. clock November 11, 2016 • Lorna Koski and Lisa Lockwood Business Fifth Avenue Stores Near Trump Tower Lose Foot Traffic Blocked streets and sidewalks make shoppers work to get to the store door. clock November 10, 2016 • Sharon Edelson Beauty Dior Opens First Makeup Concept Store in New York The 650-square-foot boutique is located in the Westfield World Trade Center in downtown Manhattan. clock November 11, 2016 • Pete Born Pat McGrath Launches Metalmorphosis 005, Talks ‘Insane Metal Pigment’ Pat McGrath previewed her fifth Pat McGrath Labs launch, Metalmorphosis 005, an eye color kit containing four products. By Rachel Strugatz on October 18, 2016 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Pat McGrath Labs will launch Metalmorphosis 005 Nov. 15. Courtesy NEW YORK — Pat McGrath coined a new term for any metallic eye pigment she deems subpar. “What is the goldest of all gold that I can ever have in my kit? When I put a metallic [eye shadow] on I’m not looking for a local metallic…a local shadow claiming to be a metallic,” the makeup artist said Monday evening during a preview of Pat McGrath Labs’ fifth product, Metalmorphosis 005, at the Dream Hotel in Chelsea here. “That’s a new word for basic. Basic is ‘local.'” McGrath is very serious about eye shadow pigment, so much so that Metalmorphosis is an extension of her first product, the Gold 001 pigment that launched a year ago. It also marks the first time she has brought back one of her products after it has sold out. This time around, though, Gold 001 is being joined by her “sisters” silver, bronze and copper, McGrath said. Every kit comes with a cream shadow, a pigment in the same shade, a Mehron mixing liquid and a black, dual-ended liquid eyeliner (to achieve a bold or fine stroke). Each of the four Metalmorphosis 005 sets retails for $60, an Everything Kit containing all four colorways for $165, and a single Dual-Ended Marker for $24. The range will hit the makeup artist’s web site, Patmcgrath.com, on Nov. 15 and select Sephora doors and sephora.com on Nov. 22. Using her hand to test out each shade, she demonstrated that the liquid can be used to help the pigment go from dry to wet for a more saturated finish on the eye. She also suggested layering a light wash of cream shadow on the lid and then placing pigment on top, as well as applying pigment in a dramatic, winged cat-eye for a more “couture” look. For less of a statement, the product works well when brushed along the lash line as a liner or even just placed on the inner corners for a pop of metallic. It can also be used as lip, hair or body color, and mixing and matching colors is recommended. “It’s every eye I’ve ever done since I’ve started my career,” McGrath mused of the long-lasting liner and metal pigments, adding that, “[You put it on] and then you can’t get it off, I’m sorry. You can wear it for a few nights.” Metalmorphosis 005, billed as “metallurgic masterpieces,” follows the same code as her four previous launches: the makeup appeared on the runways during the most recent fashion week (in this case, the spring runways of Maison Margiela and Versace). And like each product that’s come before it, the four-piece eye set is available in limited release. McGrath, who is also the global creative design director at Procter & Gamble, is mum on numbers, but did say that production is considerably higher than when her first Gold 001 pigment came out last September. She confirmed that she started with a “very small amount” and upped production once Pat McGrath Labs partnered with Sephora on the distribution for the Skin Fetish 003 highlighting kits and Lust 004 glitter lip sets that were released on April 26 and Aug. 30, respectively. “There are no rules with labs,” she said when asked if she continued to keep up the cadence of doing five product launches a year. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. P&G Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Fashion Stella’s Fellas: McCartney Shows First Men’s Collection clock November 10, 2016 • Miles Socha and Samantha Conti Latest Galleries J.K. Rowling, Eddie Redmayne Attend ‘Fantastic Beasts’ New York Premiere Stella’s Fellas: McCartney Shows First Men’s Collection They Are Wearing: Tbilisi Fashion Week FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Here we are!! @stellamccartney #menswear #abbeyroadstudios 📷 @maryamccartney 👍🏽 #stellaxabveyrd @wwd #beastieboys 👌🏽 #stellaxabbeyrd @stellamccartney 📷 @marymccartney #nenswear #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @wwd @sharleenspiteri 🎉 #WWD #stellaxabbeyrd 📷@maryamccartney @wwd #bethditto 👌🏽#stellaxabbeyrd #wwd @stellamccartney 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd Feels like home #abbeyroadstudios #wwd @stellamccartney #london 📷 @maryamccartney #stellaxabbeyrd @wwd @stellamccartney is unveiling her first ever men's collection today. For an exclusive insider look, follow along on our Instagram Stories as Stella's sister @maryamccartney takes you behind the scenes. Tune in at 2 p.m. EST. #StellaXAbbeyRd @wwd We're talking spring trends with @netaporter's Vice President of Global Buying @sarahrutson at 12 p.m. EST on Facebook Live. Click link in bio to tune in. @wwd What does fashion have to do with politics? A lot - and WWD has the 100-plus years of history to prove it. From John F. Kennedy to Donald J. Trump, go to WWD.com to take a look back at some of our front page stories on presidential elections. @wwd The fashion industry weighs in on the new President's top priority: "We need to focus on bringing the country back together. There's simply too much at stake. The fashion industry is one of the largest polluters in the world. We know we need to collaborate." - @eileenfisherny. Click link in bio to see what more designers and executives said. (Illustration by Sara Singh) @wwd Lucky charm? @hillaryclinton sticks to iconic American Designer @ralphlauren for her #ElectionDay look. Click link bio to get the full scoop. (📷: Seth Wenig) @wwd They Are Wearing: Check out all the best street style looks from @mercedesbenz Fashion Week Tbilisi at WWD.com. (📷: @melodiejeng) @wwd Meet Claire Foy: the actress playing a young Elizabeth Windsor in @netflix's newest series "The Crown." Get the full scoop on Claire's role as the Queen of England at WWD.com. @wwd Pretty in Pink: Sapphires and diamonds never get old. (📷: @clairebenoist) @wwd Spotted: shoe style on the streets of NYC. (📷: Thomas Iannaccone) @wwd Stellar Gems: Sometimes a girl's gotta go bold - and what better way than with a dazzling one-of-a-kind piece. (📷: @clairebenoist) @wwd Denim street style hit its apex at the Kingpins denim trade show in Amsterdam last week. Now trending: oversize denim totes and long jackets, all the better for fall layering. 📷: Jetty Ferweda @wwd Bold Moves: Racing stripes with retro athletic references injected a youthful energy into the men's market for spring. (📷: @coreyolsen; styled by @thealexbadia; set design by @danielleselig) @wwd Remembering famed American designer, James Galanos, who died today at age 92. Galanos was among the West Coast contingent of designers — along with Adolfo — who dressed the Ladies Who Lunch in California, from Los Angeles to San Francisco, but who suddenly shot to fame when one of their clients, Nancy Reagan, became first lady. Reagan was a loyal supporter of Galanos, often wearing his gowns to state dinners. Here, one of his looks from 1968, from the WWD Archive. @wwd Spotted: @nickiminaj and @joansmalls at FGI's Night of Stars last night. (📷: Stephen Lovekin) More From Our Brands Footwear News Snoop Dogg on His SoCal ’90s-Inspired Adidas Skateboarding Collaboration 5h Ago Fairchild Summits & Events 2017 WWD Digital Beauty Forum 1h Ago Variety ‘Walking Dead’ Recap: Negan Offers ‘Service’ With an Evil Smile (SPOILERS) 4h Ago BGR Watch Dave Chappelle’s hilarious SNL opening monologue tackle all things Trump 2h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD.com WWD.com + WWD Print WWD Print WWD Archives twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2016  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #RoadToWhiteHouse #BlackMoney News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-CM » Equities » Market Report Fortis Healthcare advances after large bulk deal Business Standard Market hits fresh intraday high on positive European cues Capital Market  October 18, 2016 Last Updated at 13:15 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TISK7E Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Market extends intraday losses Market extends initial gains Market turns range bound Broad market depicts strength Market retains positive zone Key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade, tracking positive opening in the European market. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 340.38 points or 1.24% at 27,870.35. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 98.75 points or 1.16% at 8,619.15. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,835 shares rose and 799 shares declined. A total of 186 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.24%, matching Sensex's gains. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 1.06%, underperforming the Sensex. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The Sensex rose 350.34 points or 1.27% at the day's high of 27,880.31 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 13 October 2016. The barometer index rose 122.79 points or 0.44% at the day's low of 27,652.76 at the onset of trading session. The Nifty rose 101.10 points or 1.19% at the day's high of 8,621.50 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 13 October 2016. The index rose 35.50 points or 0.41% at the day's low of 8,555.90 at the onset of trading session. In overseas stock markets, European shares edged higher in early trade today, 18 October 2016, with commodities-related stocks leading the market higher after prices of major industrial metals and crude oil rose on a softer dollar. Asian stocks edged higher tracking a rebound in oil prices. US stocks registered small losses yesterday, 17 October 2016, amid falling oil prices, as investors digested a number of corporate results, key economic data and remarks from a key Federal Reserve official. Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly warned of the dangers of low interest rates, suggesting they could lead to longer and deeper recessions, making the economy more vulnerable. Back home, shares of pharmaceutical companies were in demand. Divi's Laboratories (up 4.35%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 2.55%), Wockhardt (up 1.28%), Lupin (up 1.13%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 1.07%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.81%), Cipla (up 0.56%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.48%), Cadila Healthcare (up 0.32%), IPCA Laboratories (up 0.29%), Piramal Enterprises (up 0.28%), GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (up 0.22%) and Alkem Laboratories (up 0.04%), edged higher. Strides Shasun was down 0.05%. FMCG shares edged higher. Marico (up 2.21%), Dabur India (up 1.27%), Nestle India (up 0.95%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.93%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.89%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.83%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.70%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.46%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.39%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.38%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.26%), edged higher. Britannia Industries was down 1.22%. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Market Report News | Bse | Sensex | Stock Market | Nifty | News-cm | Market Report PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? 6 mistakes to avoid while trading online Market hits fresh intraday high on positive European cues Key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade, tracking positive opening in the European market. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 340.38 points or 1.24% at 27,870.35. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 98.75 points or 1.16% at 8,619.15. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,835 shares rose and 799 shares declined. A total of 186 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.24%, matching Sensex's gains. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 1.06%, underperforming the Sensex. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. Key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade, tracking positive opening in the European market. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 340.38 points or 1.24% at 27,870.35. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 98.75 points or 1.16% at 8,619.15. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,835 shares rose and 799 shares declined. A total of 186 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.24%, matching Sensex's gains. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 1.06%, underperforming the Sensex. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The Sensex rose 350.34 points or 1.27% at the day's high of 27,880.31 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 13 October 2016. The barometer index rose 122.79 points or 0.44% at the day's low of 27,652.76 at the onset of trading session. The Nifty rose 101.10 points or 1.19% at the day's high of 8,621.50 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 13 October 2016. The index rose 35.50 points or 0.41% at the day's low of 8,555.90 at the onset of trading session. In overseas stock markets, European shares edged higher in early trade today, 18 October 2016, with commodities-related stocks leading the market higher after prices of major industrial metals and crude oil rose on a softer dollar. Asian stocks edged higher tracking a rebound in oil prices. US stocks registered small losses yesterday, 17 October 2016, amid falling oil prices, as investors digested a number of corporate results, key economic data and remarks from a key Federal Reserve official. Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly warned of the dangers of low interest rates, suggesting they could lead to longer and deeper recessions, making the economy more vulnerable. Back home, shares of pharmaceutical companies were in demand. Divi's Laboratories (up 4.35%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 2.55%), Wockhardt (up 1.28%), Lupin (up 1.13%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 1.07%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.81%), Cipla (up 0.56%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.48%), Cadila Healthcare (up 0.32%), IPCA Laboratories (up 0.29%), Piramal Enterprises (up 0.28%), GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (up 0.22%) and Alkem Laboratories (up 0.04%), edged higher. Strides Shasun was down 0.05%. FMCG shares edged higher. Marico (up 2.21%), Dabur India (up 1.27%), Nestle India (up 0.95%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.93%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.89%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.83%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.70%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.46%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.39%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.38%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.26%), edged higher. Britannia Industries was down 1.22%. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Market hits fresh intraday high on positive European cues Key benchmark indices hit fresh intraday high in afternoon trade, tracking positive opening in the European market. At 13:16 IST, the barometer index, the S&P BSE Sensex was up 340.38 points or 1.24% at 27,870.35. The Nifty 50 index was currently up 98.75 points or 1.16% at 8,619.15. The broad market depicted strength. There were more than two gainers against every loser on BSE. 1,835 shares rose and 799 shares declined. A total of 186 shares were unchanged. The BSE Mid-Cap index was currently up 1.24%, matching Sensex's gains. The BSE Small-Cap index was currently up 1.06%, underperforming the Sensex. Gains in global stocks aided the upmove on the domestic bourses. The Sensex rose 350.34 points or 1.27% at the day's high of 27,880.31 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 13 October 2016. The barometer index rose 122.79 points or 0.44% at the day's low of 27,652.76 at the onset of trading session. The Nifty rose 101.10 points or 1.19% at the day's high of 8,621.50 in afternoon trade, its highest level since 13 October 2016. The index rose 35.50 points or 0.41% at the day's low of 8,555.90 at the onset of trading session. In overseas stock markets, European shares edged higher in early trade today, 18 October 2016, with commodities-related stocks leading the market higher after prices of major industrial metals and crude oil rose on a softer dollar. Asian stocks edged higher tracking a rebound in oil prices. US stocks registered small losses yesterday, 17 October 2016, amid falling oil prices, as investors digested a number of corporate results, key economic data and remarks from a key Federal Reserve official. Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer reportedly warned of the dangers of low interest rates, suggesting they could lead to longer and deeper recessions, making the economy more vulnerable. Back home, shares of pharmaceutical companies were in demand. Divi's Laboratories (up 4.35%), Aurobindo Pharma (up 2.55%), Wockhardt (up 1.28%), Lupin (up 1.13%), Glenmark Pharmaceuticals (up 1.07%), Sun Pharmaceutical Industries (up 0.81%), Cipla (up 0.56%), Dr Reddy's Laboratories (up 0.48%), Cadila Healthcare (up 0.32%), IPCA Laboratories (up 0.29%), Piramal Enterprises (up 0.28%), GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals (up 0.22%) and Alkem Laboratories (up 0.04%), edged higher. Strides Shasun was down 0.05%. FMCG shares edged higher. Marico (up 2.21%), Dabur India (up 1.27%), Nestle India (up 0.95%), Godrej Consumer Products (up 0.93%), Bajaj Corp (up 0.89%), Tata Global Beverages (up 0.83%), Colgate Palmolive (India) (up 0.70%), Jyothy Laboratories (up 0.46%), Procter & Gamble Hygiene & Health Care (up 0.39%), GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare (up 0.38%) and Hindustan Unilever (up 0.26%), edged higher. Britannia Industries was down 1.22%. Powered by Capital Market - Live News (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Capital Market Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer Remix: The video game space is on fire. Here's how to play it Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Monday, 17 Oct 2016 | 7:07 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Cramer Remix: The video game space is on fire. Here&rsquo;s how to play it</p> <p>Jim Cramer plugged into the video game space and highlighted which gaming stocks investors should be playing right now.</p> Cramer Remix: The video game space is on fire. Here’s how to play it    Monday, 17 Oct 2016 | 7:00 PM ET | 01:34 Right now there is practically no other theme hotter than video games, Jim Cramer says. Restaurants and retailers have all reported that it has become very hard to entice consumers into their locations. This is just further evidence that people just want to stay home, watch TV, use social media and play games these days. "The video game space is on fire and you've got a ton of ways to play it," the "Mad Money" host said. For those who think games are only for kids, the numbers prove otherwise. Industry-trade group Entertainment Software Association reported that 63 percent of all U.S. households have at least one person who plays video games regularly, with the average gamer 35-years-old. Additionally, consumers spent $23.5 billion on gaming hardware, software and accessories last year. The biggest problem in the video game space is that there are so many options to invest in, Cramer said. Cramer's top picks were NVIDIA or Advanced Micro Devices for components, and Electronic Arts, Activision Blizzard or Take-Two Interactive for games, depending on an investor's risk profile. "The key takeaway … this is not a niche business, it is a mass entertainment business and it's growing — not shrinking — despite what older people might think," Cramer said. Jonathan Ernst | Reuters Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton at their first debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, Sept. 26, 2016. Cramer sees many reasons not to own stocks right now, as many investors believe that the future of the U.S. will be much worse than the past. "I am not making any kind of statement about the election in November. But I do think that the rancorous nature of the debate is putting a lid on stocks," he said. The world of investing has transformed into one where a tweet by Sen. Bernie Sanders has the power take down the entire drug group. Investors simply don't want to own the stocks anymore. They also don't want to own companies with international exposure when international trade is under the microscope from Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton wants to raise some taxes, Cramer said. Cramer also noted that the election year could drive the unpopularity of the group, and banks remain unpopular in Washington. He expects to see more regulation ahead in the wake of Wells Fargo's sales scandal. Bank of America reported on Monday that it earned a whopping $1.8 billion in consumer banking, with strong deposit growth that drove net interest income higher amid a decline in expenses. The stock quickly popped and then surrendered most of its gains on Monday. The stock basically did nothing. Abigail Stevenson | CNBC Sylvia Acevedo, Interim CEO of Girl Scouts Nutanix is the enterprise cloud software play that came public with a bang three weeks ago, and then fell more than 7 percent on Monday. From the start, investors pegged Nutanix as the best performing IPO of 2016, as it came public at $16 and spiked to $37 by the close on Sept. 30. Cramer isn't a fan, though. While Nutanix has a compelling concept and fantastic numbers, the problem is that the IPO was what Cramer calls a "sliver deal." That is when a company comes public, but sells just a tiny sliver of stock. This can cause an enormous spike out of the gate because demand outweighs supply for the stock. "I hate sliver deals. I hate them because they are setting you up for failure," Cramer said. Once the lockup expires in a few months, Cramer expects Nutanix to do a secondary offering. That will cause the supply of the stock to outstrip the demand, and the share price will likely get clobbered. Sylvia Acevedo, interim CEO of Girl Scouts, launched her first rocket into the clear skies of New Mexico when she was just a child to earn her science badge in Girl Scouts. That experience triggered a lifelong passion for science, and led her to earn an MBA in engineering from Stanford and become a rocket scientist. She is also the White House commissioner on the presidential initiative for Hispanic educational excellence. In an interview with Cramer, she said she aims for Girl Scouts to not only instill the mission of leadership into girls, but to become more technology-focused and teach how to code. "It is part of our culture to do technology, to learn how to code, to have hands on projects — whether it's creating fashionable wearables, or creating robots," Acevedo said. In the Lightning Round, Cramer gave his take on a few caller favorite stocks: Procter & Gamble: "I like Procter. I'd like you to buy it a little bit cheaper, because I think it can come down to $84 or $85. But I think it's a good choice." Synchrony Financial: "That thing has come down too much. That's kind of attractive to me ... You know what's more attractive? If Visa sells off a couple of bucks. My charitable trust owns it. I think that Charlie Scharf [outgoing CEO] has got some personal things he has to attend to at home in New York, and that stock is coming down and that may be a better opportunity." Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BAC --- EA --- NTNX --- NVDA --- TTWO --- AMD --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
null
